1964 The Tribute Home popup overlay Website Designed and Maintained by Artisan Media Studio Website Hosted by 3rd Alternative, Inc. © 2019 3rd Alternative, Inc., All Rights Reserved © 2019 Roy Davies, Inc., All Rights Reserved "1964" The Tribute is not endorsed by or affiliated with Apple Corps, Ltd. Home News Cast Shows Gallery '64 Store Contacts Promoter Experience a Beatles' Concert the way it was performed over 50 years ago... The Show "1964"  focuses on the quintessential moment in history, when The Beatles actually played before a LIVE audience.     The Beatles toured the world in the early 1960's, but now only a  precious few remain who actually saw them LIVE. Who actually felt the "mania" that brought them to world acclaim.   Today, all that remains are a few scant memories and some captured images in pictures and on poor quality film and video.   "1964" meticulously re-creates the "MAGIC" of those LIVE Beatles' performances with artful precision and unerring accuracy.           For those that never saw The Beatles LIVE and always wanted to know what it must have been like...this is as close as anyone could possibly get to...FEELING the MAGIC!   For over 30 years, "1964" has thrilled audiences with what is considered to be the most authentic and endearing tribute to The Beatles.   This has been accomplished by a  steady and  consistent cast of talented professional musicians, who painstakingly recreate the look, feel and note for note sound of an actual LIVE Beatles performance.     "Best Beatles Tribute on Earth"   Choosing songs from the pre-Sgt. Pepper era, “1964” astonishingly recreates an early 60’s live Beatles concert, with period instruments, clothing, hairstyles, and onstage banter.     Come see why 1964 The Tribute has been called the "Best Beatles Tribute on Earth". LEARN ABOUT THE INSTRUMENTS BEHIND THE MUSIC. at www. 1964CoolStorage .com   STAY IN TOUCH Rolling Stone When Ron Howard released his film about the touring years of The Beatles called, 'Eight Days A Week', we were all reminded how fun and exciting a Beatles concert was.   Though all the phases of their incredible career were ground breaking, these early concert days are certainly what created the 'MANIA' around the group.   Since 'the touring years' is exactly what 1964 The Tribute focuses on, we offer this promo as a thank you to Ron Howard and, of course The Beatles Come see what 4 guys, 3 guitars, and a drum set can do! "1964 creates the Magic of The Beatles."   Dick Clark Over the years, 1964 shared the stage with many famous artists. Here are just a few... Go to Website   X Password: Enter Wrong password. 