Alan John Moore: Teacher | Composer Home About Piano Lessons Music Video News Testimonials Policies Contact Back Piano Fees & FAQs Lesson Availability Adults Exam Results Lesson Payments Back The Spell A Mind of Her Own Movies Three Wise Men Individual Tracks UK Songwriting Contest Commissions Back Night Fishing Fish-O-Tron The Spell Out of Order Movies Lucky Dolly Back Piano Testimonials Composer Testimonials Back Teaching Policy Privacy Policy Home About Piano Lessons Piano Fees & FAQs Lesson Availability Adults Exam Results Lesson Payments Music The Spell A Mind of Her Own Movies Three Wise Men Individual Tracks UK Songwriting Contest Commissions Video Night Fishing Fish-O-Tron The Spell Out of Order Movies Lucky Dolly News Testimonials Piano Testimonials Composer Testimonials Policies Teaching Policy Privacy Policy Contact Composer | Piano Teacher Composer | Piano Teacher Alan John Moore provides professional, friendly, piano lessons to beginner and intermediate students, aged 7 to adult, in Malton and across Ryedale (see Teaching Testimonials ). As a composer, Alan has written a wide range of music for many different projects and productions, including feature films, short films, animated films, TV, multimedia events, audio book dramas and websites (see Client Testimonials ). Piano Lessons Piano Lessons Piano lessons tailored to YOUR needs: Piano Exams? Pop songs? A Chopin waltz? Songs from films, such as Disney’s ‘Frozen’? Everybody is different and Alan will help you to achieve YOUR aims and ambitions. As an experienced classroom music teacher, Alan can also help with music theory and composition studies. Learn more Music Music Have a listen to a selection of Alan’s music for various projects and films and view his media commissions. Get in touch  if you commission music, have a personal project that needs original music, or if you would like to collaborate. Learn more Video Video Video clips from Alan’s soundtracks to short films, feature films and animated films. View more on Alan’s Vimeo site: https://vimeo.com/alanjohnmoore . The IMDb website has further information. Learn more alan@alanjohnmoore.com Hours IMDb Twitter LinkedIn SoundCloud Vimeo ISM © 2019 Alan John Moore 