Amsterdam Songwriters Guild Amsterdam Songwriters Guild We are a network of songwriters Quoter Quotes Javascript corrects IE6 width calculation Thursday, February 22, 2018 The radioshow of February 22 with Sterre Weldring & Wynnm With live guests Wynnm and Sterre Weldring , presented by Ro Halfhide Wynnm is a singer songwriter from Pocatello, Idaho living in Amsterdam, Netherlands whose dreamy vocals and melodic guitar riffs have connected with audiences since her young years playing open mic nights in her family's small café. With songs inspired by artists and lyricists like Bob Dylan, Johnny Cash, Bon Iver and the Staves, Wynnm seeks to use music to connect with the commonalities of human experience and the influence of the natural world.  Sterre Weldring is a 20 year old singer-songwriter from Alkmaar, Netherlands, active since her 15th in music. She studied at BIMM music school in Brighton last year, and played venues like Paradiso, Melkweg and Sofar London. With her honest and melancholy voice she tells stories about love and relations. File under Folk/Pop, with influences such as LP, Tom Odell and Rhodes.  Songwriters Guild Live is a weekly radioshow in Amsterdam, focussed on singers who write songs. This week your host was Ro Halfhide. Posted by Ro Halfhide at 7:53 PM 0 comments Email This BlogThis! Share to Twitter Share to Facebook Share to Pinterest Labels: acoustic , amsterdam , amsterdam songwriters guild , live music , nightlife , podcast , radioshow , singer-songwriter , songwriting Saturday, January 27, 2018 Radioshow Songwriters Guild Live of January 25 with Wouter Maryne and Tennyson King Wouter Marijne is a singer-songwriter from Utrecht, The Netherlands. After more than 100 gigs with his band Sailing To Suez, he finally has found some time to fulfill one of his dreams: creating a solo EP. This record, called “Laughing Man” was inspired by singer-songwriters such as Jeff Buckley, Pete Doherty, John Mayer and Ryan Adams but also by bands like Oasis, The Smiths and R.E.M. Because of this, attention is being paid on strong choruses rather than songs for tearing up, and funky guitar playing instead of epic harmonica solo's. It all should remain a little rock 'n roll, anyway. Tennyson King – it’s a name that evokes notions of classic, literary depth and majesty. But it also has the hallowed ring of the gritty, earthy roots of rock and roll. Songwriters Guild Live is a weekly radioshow in Amsterdam, focussed on singers who write songs. This week your host was Rufus Kain. Posted by Ro Halfhide at 6:19 PM 0 comments Email This BlogThis! Share to Twitter Share to Facebook Share to Pinterest Labels: acoustic , amsterdam , podcast , radioshow , singer-songwriter , songwriting Tuesday, December 12, 2017 We have a new openmic We have a new openmic session! Every Thursday evening, at Via Hostel . We also try to stream every session, so here's the first one! Below is some info ⬇️ We have a newborn open mic baby! And the parents are VIA & Amsterdam Songwriters Guild. If you love to pretend that Thursday is Saturday. If you are a supporter of creativity. If you love to make or listen to music. If you love to drink or you're into food. Well I think we are your hang out spot on Thursday! How can we serve you? Well for starters we will try to give you a bigger stage by streaming your performance live. We will have some great students DEALS. Our stage is not only for singer-songwriters. We want to offer rappers,and DJs etc to have a stage. As long as you created your own lyrics and or music we want to support you. There is a special parking for performers. Come and join us and raise this baby into a GIANT ! P.S.: Don't forget to mark this day: the 28th of December. It's the date of our grand opening!!👉Contact us online for a spot on stage. We will leave some spots open for the 28th. Come and join our Try outs! Via& Amsterdam songwriters guild Posted by Ro Halfhide at 4:49 PM 0 comments Email This BlogThis! Share to Twitter Share to Facebook Share to Pinterest Labels: #openmic , acoustic , amsterdam , amsterdam open mic , amsterdam open mic asg amsterdam songwriters guild , amsterdam songwriters guild , asg. amsterdam open mic , beginnend , concert , live music , music scene Friday, July 07, 2017 The radioshow of July 6, with Martine Bond Martine Bond is a long time friend of mine. We focus on the writing process, her plans for the future and how to choose between being an indie singer-songwriter, or a pop star. Weekly radioshow that focusses on songwriting. We always have a live artist with interview. This time we have Martine Bond. Posted by Ro Halfhide at 3:42 PM 0 comments Email This BlogThis! Share to Twitter Share to Facebook Share to Pinterest Labels: acoustic , amsterdam , amsterdam songwriters guild , podcast , radioshow , singer songwriter , singer-songwriter Friday, June 23, 2017 Our radioshow Songwriters Guild Live also as Podcast Finally, you can now subscribe to our radioshow as a podcast through iTunes! Check here .  Also, you can listen to all the shows on our Open Access Provider Salto here .  And of course, everything is hosted on Soundcloud so you can listen and share! This is the show of last week: Posted by Ro Halfhide at 9:47 AM 0 comments Email This BlogThis! Share to Twitter Share to Facebook Share to Pinterest Labels: acoustic , amsterdam , asg , podcast , radioshow , singer songwriter Monday, January 30, 2017 Open mic session at The Fool Bar on Feb 1 We'll have an open mic session at The Fool Bar again! 7PM write up, we start at 8PM. See you there! Dapperstraat 10, Amsterdam. Posted by Ro Halfhide at 9:29 AM 0 comments Email This BlogThis! Share to Twitter Share to Facebook Share to Pinterest Labels: #openmic , acoustic , amsterdam , amsterdam open mic , amsterdam open mic asg amsterdam songwriters guild , amsterdam songwriters guild , asg , live music , music scene , open mic , open mic amsterdam Thursday, December 15, 2016 This is the Amsterdam Songwriters Guild: Spotify playlist of artists who have played for the ASG Posted by Ro Halfhide at 1:24 PM 0 comments Email This BlogThis! Share to Twitter Share to Facebook Share to Pinterest Thursday, December 01, 2016 Our radioshow of December 1, with live music of Robin Kester   Our radioshow of December 1, with live music of Robin Kester . Posted by Ro Halfhide at 9:08 PM 0 comments Email This BlogThis! Share to Twitter Share to Facebook Share to Pinterest Labels: amsterdam , amsterdam songwriters guild , asg , radioshow Tuesday, June 14, 2016 We're now working together with A'DAM&Co. We're always striving to bring underground singer-songwriters to the fore. This is why we're so happy and proud to present our latest cooperation: with members club A'DAM&Co. On June 16, we showcase our first artist in the club: Peter Piek . He starts playing at 20h. Entrance is free, but on guestlist only. Send me a message through Facebook if you want to attend! cheers, Ro Halfhide Posted by Ro Halfhide at 12:15 AM 0 comments Email This BlogThis! Share to Twitter Share to Facebook Share to Pinterest Labels: acoustic , alternative , amsterdam , amsterdam songwriters guild , asg , concert , live music , music scene , nightlife , singer songwriter , singer-songwriter Thursday, January 07, 2016 ASG 2016 Happy 2016! picture by photowoman.nl Posted by asgfans at 1:14 PM 0 comments Email This BlogThis! Share to Twitter Share to Facebook Share to Pinterest Labels: amsterdam open mic asg amsterdam songwriters guild Older Posts Home Subscribe to: Posts (Atom) About Us The Amsterdam Songwriters Guild (ASG) is a network of singer-songwriters. Do you like to join? Every Tuesday night we have an open mic stage at the Cafe De Koe - be in at 8:15 PM, and every Thursday 4 PM we have our own radioshow on StadsFM at the SALTO Studios. Every Thursday night we have a new openmic session at Via Hostel in Diemen . Be in at 8:15 PM to sign up. Every Friday evening we have a featured artist at Pakhuis de Zwijger . Every Sunday evening there's a featured artist with open mic session at Doelen Cafe - only off season. Who said singing your own songs can't be fun? email us Talk with us on Facebook! Google+ Agenda Our Spotify Playlist Photos Created with flickr badge . Who's a songwriter? Annette Vogel , Arthur Adam , Barbara Breedijk , Case Mayfield , Celine Cairo , Charles Frail , Danalyze , De As , Dear John , Eva Ellingsworth , Fabiana Dammers , Gavin Mee , Habiba , Halfway Station , Jerry Spurlock , Joost Dobbe , Kashmere Hakim , Lake Montgomery , Leine , Lucky Fonz III , Luke Nyman , M-JO , Max vanRemmerden , Mevrouw Tamara , Mizza Hendrix , Motel Aurora , Noam Vazana , Reaganesk , Rina Mushonga , Ro Halfhide , Robin Block , Roger Hammond , Rufus Kain , Selma Peelen , Signe Tollefsen , The Secret Love Parade , The Woodwards , Tony Chapman , Twitter Tweets from https://twitter.com/ro_halfhide/asg Who are our friends? electroacoustic club in London MassiveMusic , AmsterdamFM , Songwriters Guild Live , Cafe Soundgarden , Cafe Dwaze Zaken , Cafe 'skek , Backstage Hotel in Amsterdam Akoestisch trio Moon About in party-music Blog Archive Blog Archive February (1) January (1) December (1) July (1) June (1) January (1) December (2) June (1) January (1) October (1) August (2) May (1) April (1) March (3) January (1) September (1) August (1) July (1) February (3) November (3) October (2) July (3) June (1) May (2) April (1) February (1) January (1) November (2) October (2) September (3) August (2) July (3) June (4) May (1) April (1) February (1) January (2) November (1) September (1) August (2) July (1) June (4) May (1) April (1) March (1) February (1) January (1) November (2) August (3) July (1) June (3) May (1) April (2) February (1) January (4) December (3) November (3) October (1) September (1) August (2) July (1) June (1) May (1) April (1) December (1) November (1) September (1) July (1) June (1) May (5) April (4) March (2) February (3) January (2) November (2) October (5) August (1) July (2) June (2) March (3) December (1) October (4) September (2) August (1) July (3) June (1) May (2) April (2) March (1) February (2) January (2) December (2) November (1) October (2) September (1) August (1) July (2) June (1) May (3) April (2) March (3) February (5) columns main outside of the include in order to lock Attribution widget Simple theme. Powered by Blogger . content 