Electronic Music Home About us Contact Us Advertising Events Contributions RSS Feed   Twitter responsive 2016 Featured Music Multimedia Videos Interviews Articles Gallery Community news Downloads Jeff Mills & RTS Symphony Orchestra Are A Real ‘Lovefest’   On Thursday, November 24, 2016, DJ Jeff Mills and the RTS Symphony Orchestra will perform at the 10th annual Lovefest Experience at an as yet to be announced venue in Belgrade, Serbia. Be Ready For Sonar 2016   The countdown to Sonar 2016 has begun and this year’s festival will not disappoint. The Sonar Festival began in 1994 with around 6,000 people and has now grown to a massive 119,000 attendees in 2015.       With concerts and showcases at multiple venues day and night, Sonar has become one of the […] Exit Festival 2015: Don’t Miss This!   Held annually at the Petrovaradin Fortress in Serbia, Exit Festival takes place over four blazing days in July. This renowned event started in 2000 when a group of wild and unruly college students wanted to party and protest for democracy in Serbia and the Balkans. Since that period, Exit Festival has grown into a […] Ready For SONAR 2014     The international music and art festival Sonar celebrated its 20th anniversary in 2013 and plans are already being announced for Sonar 2014. Some of the world’s biggest artists are slated to perform at the festival in 2014, as well as new and unreleased performers. Famous names like Richie Hawtin and Massive Attack are […] Rodriguez JR Interview Lots of people would like to know something about your personal background. What was your life like before your music career? How did you know you wanted to pursue music? Music has always been around me. As a child, I remember I could spend hours browsing radio stations at home. Jeff Mills & RTS Symphony Orchestra Are A Real ‘Lovefest’ Posted by annakec on November 1st, 2016   On Thursday, November 24, 2016, DJ Jeff Mills and the RTS Symphony Orchestra will perform at the 10th annual Lovefest Experience at an as yet to be announced venue in Belgrade, Serbia. Read More » /post-22131 Be Ready For Sonar 2016 Posted by annakec on May 27th, 2016   The countdown to Sonar 2016 has begun and this year’s festival will not disappoint. The Sonar Festival began in 1994 with around 6,000 people and has now grown to a massive 119,000 attendees in 2015.       With concerts and showcases at multiple venues day and night, Sonar has become one of the world’s largest and most influential festivals showcasing electronic and advanced music. This year boasts some amazing talent. Here are some of the highlights. Read More » /post-22115 Hrellic – soul of the city Posted by admin on April 25th, 2016 Our regular visitors might notice that this post is a little bit different to our usual posts. For those of you that like to travel to unusual destinations, this isn’t a documentary to miss out on! Croatia is not known as an unusual destination, but Hrelic is definitely something you won’t find in every city. Check it out, you might put Zagreb on the list of your “soon to visit destinations”. Read More » /post-22096 Life and Death on His Own Terms – David Bowie Posted by annakec on January 14th, 2016     News of David Bowie’s death to cancer on January 10th shocked and saddened the world. Just 69, Bowie is a legend that influenced art, fashion, LGBT people and music throughout a career that spanned parts of six decades. Inducted in 1996 into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame, he had helped heal the world by performing his song “Heroes” at the Concert for New York City following the terrorist attacks on 9/11. Fittingly, this was the same tune he chose during his appearance at the Concert for Berlin in 1987, seen as a catalyst for tearing down the Berlin Wall. Read More » /post-22058 Last and final drinks as one of Sydney’s oldest clubs close down Posted by annakec on June 15th, 2015   If you have a knack for nightlife, then you may have partied at the King Cross nightclub Soho . This was one of the oldest clubs in all of Sydney and its closure is a shock to many fans. Social media was ablaze yesterday and today with reports circulating that the club was shutting down. Many treated the reports as rumors perhaps because this was a favorite joint for many. However, the news hit home when Andrew Lazarus the owner confirmed that indeed the club was closing down. The lock-out laws whip has now landed on the club which has been in operation for 20 years.   Lazarus said these laws were destroying an entertainment precinct with his establishment being the latest victim. When the laws came into effect, patronage to the club declined significantly and the increased cost of compliance only made a bad situation worse. Continuing operations at the club is no longer viable and closing the club was only prudent . Read More » /post-22025 Exit Festival 2015: Don’t Miss This! Posted by annakec on April 6th, 2015   Held annually at the Petrovaradin Fortress in Serbia, Exit Festival takes place over four blazing days in July. This renowned event started in 2000 when a group of wild and unruly college students wanted to party and protest for democracy in Serbia and the Balkans. Since that period, Exit Festival has grown into a multi-award winning event that attracts over two and a half million people every year. They have become one of the leading music festivals in the world. Read More » /post-21991 U2 Announces Upcoming World Tour Posted by annakec on December 6th, 2014     The world-renowned band, U2 recently announced dates and venues for its upcoming “iNNOCENCE + eXPERIENCE Tour. “ As of right now, the tour kicks off on May 14, 2015 at the BC Rogers Arena in Vancouver. What is perhaps most surprising is that for the first time in over a decade the Irish superstar band, well known for its elaborate stadium shows with spectacular audio and visual effects , will be playing in indoor arenas. Read More » /post-21958 Sorry…I’m OFF Posted by annakec on June 12th, 2014   Created in 1994, Sónar is a pioneering electronic music festival. The infamous “Off Sonar” or “Off Week” has been created along with this festival. This festival is one of the reasons why thousands of festival and party goers travel up to the wonderful city of Barcelona each year. Read More » /post-21938 Pages: 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 ... 30 » Recent Posts Jeff Mills & RTS Symphony Orchestra Are A Real ‘Lovefest’   On Thursday, November 24, 2016, DJ Jeff Mills and the RTS Symphony Orchestra will perform Read more » Be Ready For Sonar 2016   The countdown to Sonar 2016 has begun and this year’s festival will not disappoint. The Read more » Hrellic – soul of the city Our regular visitors might notice that this post is a little bit different to our usual Read more » Life and Death on His Own Terms – David Bowie     News of David Bowie’s death to cancer on January 10th shocked and saddened the Read more » Last and final drinks as one of Sydney’s oldest clubs close down   If you have a knack for nightlife, then you may have partied at the King Read more » Featured Video responsive 2016 Follow Us! Featured We wish to thank the team at Dejan SEO for their generous and continuing support of the Analogik community. Top 100 Electronic Music Websites Can hypnosis improve your surfing skills? Giant Stars, The Biggest Things in the Universe Polivoks – Russian vintage synth Midi Controller Research Project XBOX modifications and XMBC Sony PlayStation 2 Commercial – Fun Anyone? An ever changing and evolving entity of sound Analysis of consumer behaviour online Principles of e-Marketing What went wrong with the techno culture? HrastProgrammer - Glimpses of Human Future Musetta - Mice to meet you! Tips: How to design a good techno album cover We Love Technology The Future of Electronic Music World Traveller Adventures Sony PlayStation 2 Commercial – Double Life Poll What do you think about new Analogik.com It's great It's OK Old design is better! I Don't Know View Results  Loading ... Events This Month (July) Choose Month: Jan | Feb | Mar | Apr | May | Jun | Jul | Aug | Sep | Oct | Nov | Dec | Love Parade - Berlin Location: Berlin, Germany Type: Music - Electronic, Party, Dance Airbound Festival Location: Petrcane, Croatia Type: Music - Electronic, Dance, Party Alppipuisto Music Festival Location: Helsinki, Finland Type: Music - Rock, Music - Electronic, Music - Alternative Audiotistic Festival Location: San Bernardino, CA, USA Type: Music - Electronic, Music - Hip Hop Benicassim Festival Location: Benicassim, Spain Type: Music - Electronic, Dance, Party Exit Fest Location: Novi Sad, Serbia Type: Music - Electronic, Music - Rock, Dance Field Day Festival Location: London, England Type: Music - Electronic, Dance Fullmoon Festival Location: Berlin, Germany Type: Dance, Music - Electronic, Lunar G Festival Location: Syorugota, Faroe Islands Type: Music - Electronic, Music - Rock, Music - Varied Global Gathering - UK Location: Stratford Upon Avon, England Type: Music - Electronic, Dance, Party Kazantip Location: Popovka, Ukraine Type: Music - Electronic, Dance, Party Les Escales du Cargo Location: Arles, France Type: Music - Jazz, Music - Electronic, Music - Varied ARTIST PROFILE If you are writing electronic music and would like the rest of the world know about you let us know and your artist profile could be included in our spotlight section visited by thousands of people every month. Electronic Music Events Submit Event responsive 2016 Messages Login to view your messages Categories Artists (94) Blog (31) Clubs (2) Community Submitted News (1) Concerts (1) DJ History (1) Events (10) Featured (30) Festivals (10) Hardware (15) Interviews (18) Multimedia (29) Music (40) News (8) Podcast (3) Releases (11) Software (5) TV & Radio (3) Videos (12) World Tours (1) From Gallery 