Ars Nova Chamber Orchestra – DC's premiere self-conducted orchestra Ars Nova Chamber Orchestra Facebook Ars Nova Chamber Orchestra Twitter Ars Nova Chamber Orchestra Youtube Ars Nova Chamber Orchestra LinkedIn .social-profiles Search .searchform Responsive Menu .hgroup-right Ars Nova Chamber Orchestra DC's premiere self-conducted orchestra #site-logo .hgroup-wrap Welcome Concerts Musicians Brass Quintet Listen Get Involved Donate Volunteer Mailing List Signup Donate .container Welcome ORDER TICKETS for April 7: ANCO will play Haydn’s Symphony No. 101 (the “Clock”) and Fauré’s Masques et bergamasques . In addition, the St. John’s Choir, a professional choir of twelve voices, joins ANCO to present the Imogen Holst orchestration of Benjamin Britten’s cantata Rejoice in the Lamb . The program engages themes of innocence, wonder, and the passage of time. Tickets are $20 for general admission, or $5 students. You can buy them at the door, or ahead of time from Brown Paper Tickets . Visit our Concerts page for more information about the concert and how to get there. Our 2018-19 Season: Photo by jeff5678, CC BY 2.0 ANCO is thrilled to announce a residency in the historic and beautiful St. John’s Church, Lafayette Square, in the heart of DC. Please save these dates, and visit our concerts page for more details . October 21, 5pm : Mozart + Kókai: Chamber Music for Strings and Clarinet, opening the St. John’s Church, Lafayette Square Parlor Series of chamber music (ticketless, free of charge); November 7, 12:10pm : ANCO’s Brass Quintet performs for the First Wednesday lunchtime concert series at St. John’s Church, Lafayette Square (ticketless, free of charge); November 18, 5pm : Full orchestra at St. John’s Church, Lafayette Square, for a program including Beethoven 6 ($20 general admission, $5 students); and April 7, 5pm : Full orchestra at St. John’s Church, Lafayette Square ($20 general admission, $5 students; visit our Concerts page for tickets and more details ). The orchestra will perform Haydn’s Symphony No. 101 (the “Clock”) and Faur é ‘s Masques et bergamasques . In addition, St. Johns’s professional choir will join ANCO to present the Imogen Holst orchestration of Benjamin Britten’s cantata Rejoice in the Lamb . The program engages themes of innocence, wonder, and the passage of time. It’ll be a thrilling season in a beautiful space. See you there! About the Orchestra: The Ars Nova Chamber Orchestra is an innovative 30-member ensemble that performs as a full orchestra with no conductor using chamber music techniques. This means the musicians have equal creative input in rehearsal, then use small gestures to trade and share leadership within the performance. The result is an invigorating and creative approach to making music, an inspiring model for collaboration, and — most of all — a thrilling concert experience for audiences. ANCO members bring experience from a variety of distinguished ensembles around DC and the nation; all are united by their commitments to chamber music and to artistic collaboration. ANCO is honored to perform regularly as orchestra-in-residence for St. John’s Church Lafayette Square.   If you would like to make a donation, please use the button below to send your contribution securely via Paypal.     #comments .comments-area #content #primary #secondary #container #main Ars Nova Chamber Orchestra Facebook Ars Nova Chamber Orchestra Twitter Ars Nova Chamber Orchestra Youtube Ars Nova Chamber Orchestra LinkedIn .social-profiles Copyright ©2019 Ars Nova Chamber Orchestra | Theme by: Theme Horse | Powered by: WordPress .copyright .container #site-generator .wrapper 