Angelic Harp - Home Angelic Harp Home Booking Harpist Weddings and Events Packages Things to Consider Music About Resume Contact Harp Lessons San Francisco Bay Area Harpist Classic in Art - Beauty in Music The Elegance of Music for the special moments in your life.... ​ Kristal at Angelic Harp is a leading Bay Area harpist. Professor Kristal Barlaan is a native of Santa Clara Valley who has been performing on the harp for over twenty years. She’s in demand for solo performances, recordings, ensembles, teaching, weddings, private parties, afternoon teas, or any special event. Clients appreciate Kristal’s attention to detail and her ability to bring out each client’s personality in her selected repertoire. Kristal enjoys those engagements where she is able to provide an extraordinary atmosphere that is conducive to conversation, companionship, and memorable moments for those in attendance. What part does she feel she plays for Life Events?   “It is important to understand what the clients are looking to communicate during their celebration That is why I spend a lot of time interviewing the clients, seeking to find out what sort of mood and atmosphere she is trying to create. Life Events, although blessed occasions, have a tendency to produce stress. I feel my role is to anticipate this and perform my music so as to reduce the normal tensions and provide a context in which this meaningful moment is able to be enjoyed without distraction.” Consider booking Kristal for your next special event:   CONTACT Your Options!  Get to know more about the harp and what we offer..... Weddings and Events Interested in special music for your wedding or event? Check out the wedding packages and prices.  Harp Lessons  Always wanted to play the harp? Now you can. Ask about the special Harp Exploration Class! ​ Kristal's Music  Kristal offers lots of different styles and types of music and is always up for a new challenge... tell her what you love and she will find it!  We Would Love to Have You Visit Soon! Hours M-F: 3pm - 9pm Telephone 408-316-3365 Email Kristalharp@gmail.com Home Booking Harpist Weddings and Events Packages Things to Consider Music About Resume Contact Harp Lessons 