Annapolis Junction Big Band Begin top logo navigation table <tr> HOME AJBB History Upcoming Gigs Repertoire Photos Contact Us Song Samples End top logo navigation table Begin Day/Date Today is:   End Day/Date Begin Main Table Insist on Live Music for your event!  The Annapolis Junction Big Band brings the vitality and warmth of live music to your event.  Weddings, anniversaries, concerts, or club parties of any size come alive with the elegance and vitality of live music. Founded in 1991 by trumpet player Jim Tavener, the Annapolis Junction Big Band has been delighting audiences in the Baltimore/Annapolis area for over 20 years.  These 17 musicians, many of whom are members of other jazz, big band, or pop bands in the Baltimore/Annapolis area, are a “cream of the crop” ensemble.  With a library of over 200 charts, we cover the full spectrum of big band, swing, jazz, and dance music, and will tailor our play list to your requests. The Annapolis Junction Big Band’s repertoire includes classic big band arrangements from the past and present, including swing, Latin, fox trots, waltzes, rock, and popular ballads to set the mood for any occasion.  We play big band hits by such greats as Glenn Miller, Duke Ellington, Benny Goodman, Frank Sinatra, Sammy Nestico, Nat King Cole, Count Basie, and many other swing bands from Big Band's golden age.  Vocalists Russ Moss and Rosemarie Schwer bring sizzle to the great standards! Large or small crowds, we will tailor a band for you.  The Annapolis Junction Big Band is normally a 17-piece big band featuring five saxophones, four trombones, four trumpets, bass, piano, drums, and vocals.  For venues that need a smaller group, AJ Lite is an 11-piece portion of the full band, offering the same range of music - an ideal mixture with a quieter sound.   AJ Lite has become the popular favorite at the Fleet Reserve Club in Annapolis. The Annapolis Junction Big Band is available to play Anniversaries, Banquets, Birthday Parties, Christmas Parties, Clubs, Community Events, Conventions, Country Clubs, Dinner Dances, Family Reunions, Festivals, Fund Raisers, Grand Openings, New Year's Eve Parties, Private Parties, Reunions, Wedding Cocktail Hours, Wedding Receptions...and more. End Main Table Annapolis Junction Big Band played the King of France Tavern (in the basement of the Maryland Inn) for over three years to standing-room-only crowds. Begin bottom navigation HOME | AJBB History | Upcoming Gigs | Repertoire | Photos | Contact Us | Song Samples End bottom navigation 