 Anne Phillips Home About Anne The Jazz Nativity About the show Produce It! Music Photo Gallery Videos Media Kit Contact ⇒ Navigate Home About Anne The Jazz Nativity – About the show – Produce It! Music Photo Gallery Videos Media Kit Contact About Anne Phillips Click to Read Anne's Full Bio I think I came out of the womb singing and playing piano. My father was a yarn salesman and my mother a housewife. Much to their wonderment, I could play almost anything I heard on the radio. "Wouldn't it be wonderful if she turned out to be somebody who could play by ear. She'd have so much fun at parties!" said my mother. I wasn't from a NY show biz family. I was from suburban Wyomissing, Pennsylvania. I didn't really hear any jazz until I was a senior in high school when by a serendipitous meeting I was asked to join a very hip vocal group of grown-up jazz musicians. I knew where I belonged! I went on to Oberlin where of course I joined the newly formed Jazz Club and we put on the first "Brubeck at Oberlin" concert. I was the "other act" singing with a grad student trio and the big band. When I was 19, I came to New York. Because I played piano and sang and almost every restaurant and bar had a piano in it I worked six nights a week … six hours a night. Some great gigs: (opposite Bobby Short at the Beverly Hotel, Number One Fifth Avenue,) and a good many dives. But it was a great time to arrive in New York. There were demos for songwriters, TV shows, record dates, concerts, jingles, work for singers! But you can read more about that in my bio. Click to Read Anne's Full Bio What's New with Anne Sunday, December 16th, 2018 at 7:00 pm Christ & St. Stephen’s Church 120 W 69th St (Btwn Broadway & Columbus) NY, NY Get Tickets SURVIVOR OF THE MUSIC BUSINESS Anne tells her story in the Fall 2017 issue of the International Alliance of Women in Music Journal. Read it Here! Explore Anne's World The Jazz Nativity Kindred Spirits Kindred Spirits Children’s Jazz Choir Bob Kindred Memorial Fund That “Certain Age” Damn Everything But The Circus Anne’s Music The Great Grey Ghost of Old Spook Lane Videos Shoo Fly Pie and Apple Pam Dowdy Steppin' Out With My Baby Blue Skies Getting Ready to Sing Jada Let A Smile Be Your Umbrella 1 / 4 Next» Show more videos» See All Videos end container footer Connect with Anne 2019 Anne Phillips • This site is a part of JAZZ CORNER .COM ending footer 