Anthropos Arts BEGIN #header BEGIN #top-bar END #top-bar Donate Now+ Main Menu Home About About Anthropos Programs Board & Staff Blog Events Students Get Involved Donate Our Supporters Volunteer Wish List Sponsorships Host an Event! Video Contact Español END #header-inner END #header Anthropos Arts connects at-risk youth with professional musicians, cultivating confidence, integrity, and life skills through musical instruction and mentorship. Our students get free instruction and mentoring from some of the best artists in the country, performance opportunities at Austin's seminal venues and events, and exposure to a wide range of music as both audience members and performers. These relationships and experiences help our students grow and mature through music, mentoring and community. Video - Anthropos Arts Students Talk About the Program BEGIN #content BEGIN .section Music Mentor Program Students are paired with professional musicians who provide mentoring and free music lessons in a variety of world music genres. Learn more Student Performances Our students regularly perform in some of the iconic music events and venues in the Austin community, including ACL Festival, SXSW, Pachanga Latin Music Festival, Stubb’s, Austin Music Hall and many others. Learn more Master Classes & Workshops Every year, we bring in Grammy-winning artists and world-renown experts for large-scale workshops and master classes. These offerings reach 1,000 or more students at a time... Learn more END .section Anthropos Arts connects at-risk youth with professional musicians, cultivating confidence, integrity, and life skills through musical instruction and mentorship. Blog Join Team Anthropos Arts for Austin Marathon 2019! Posted Dec 07, 2018 By Leslie Asaka Anthropos Arts is a so excited to be invited for a second year in a row to be an Austin Gives Miles Official Charity Partner! The Austin Gives Read More » #GivingBluesday Highlights! Posted Nov 28, 2018 By Leslie Asaka If you missed the #GivingBluesday festivities at Antone’s yesterday then you missed out on a good ole time. We celebrated #GivingTuesday, a global day of Read More » Anthropos Arts Beneficiary of 2018 APLA Sporting Clays Tournament Posted Sep 17, 2018 By Leslie Asaka Anthropos Arts is excited to be this year’s beneficiary of the Austin Professional Landmen’s Association Sporting Clay Shoot Tournament. The event will be held at Read More » 30×31 Fundraiser: 20 Years of Mentorship Through Music Posted Jul 01, 2018 By Leslie Asaka Friends, family, colleagues, local businesses, and lovers of music and community…we are calling on you to help Anthropos Arts keep the tradition of music through mentorship Read More » Tweets by @AnthroposArts Events Jul 28 Next Stage 2019 Time: 12:00 pm to 2:00 pm Location: The ABGB 1305 W Oltorf St, Austin, TX 78704 May 19 Anthropos Arts Real World Music Showcase Time: 5:00 pm to 7:00 pm Location: Antone's 305 E 5th Street, Austin, TX 78701 May 11 Anthropos Arts Spring Vocal Concert Time: 1:30 to 3:30 pm Location: Backstage El Mercado - 1302 S 1st St, Austin, TX 78704 Apr 23 Latin Percussion Master Classes with Master Carmelo Torres Time: 7:30 pm - 8:30 pm Location: Anthropos Arts 9038 N IH 35, Austin, TX 78753 END #content BEGIN #footer-wrapper BEGIN #footer BEGIN .widget .bottom Some of Our Sponsors! END .widget .bottom END #footer BEGIN #footer-copy-wrapper BEGIN #footer-copy © Copyright 2018 Anthropos Arts Secondary Menu Home / Español / About / Programs / Blog / Get Involved / Our Students / Video / Donate / END #footer-copy END #footer-copy-wrapper END #footer-wrapper Global Site Tag (gtag.js) - Google Analytics END body 