Top Wedding Band, DJ & Event Services | Ariel Music & Events Ariel Music & Events Top Wedding Bands and Event Services For North-East Coast Home Ariel Heartbeat More Talent DJs / MCs Salsa & Tropical Music Son Risa Grupo Corazon Paradiso Steel Drums Jazz Ensembles Classical Musicians and Ensembles Original Artists Luminosity Showcases Reviews Ariel Reviews – The Knot Ariel Reviews – WeddingWire Heartbeat Reviews – The Knot Heartbeat Reviews – WeddingWire “Thank You” Event Services Lighting Video Production Destinations Blog Plan F.A.Q. Top Songs – Receptions Top Songs – Ceremonies Client Sign In Connecticut Event Venues New Jersey Event Venues New York Event Venues Contact Us! Metro New York’s Premier Wedding & Event Bands We deliver show-stopping live music for weddings and private events held in New York, New Jersey, Connecticut and worldwide resort destinations.  We are extremely proud to represent two of the North-East’s top wedding dance bands , “ Ariel ” and “ Heartbeat “.  These bands have been selected to receive the coveted “Hall of Fame” award given by The Knot,  for which only 1% of all wedding professionals nationwide qualify.  We believe this to be quite an honor. Furthermore, we only work with the finest professionals in the event services industry and have earned a well-deserved reputation for consistent excellence in talent, creativity and service. Our years of experience and tried and true connections in the wedding and event services industry have proven to be very useful to our clientele, especially for those who may have had little time to locate and vet other professionals and who have benefitted from our expertise. We are happy to share our knowledge and can refer you to proven professionals who will provide you with superb service. Based on our extensive experience in the industry, we can recommend the best NY, NJ or CT venues to host your reception, the finest caterers that we have worked with, our favorite hotels for your out-of-town guests and help you with suggestions for addressing the multitude of other details critical to your wedding or special event plans. With over 35 years of experience , we know what makes a special-day spectacular and unforgettable. We Offer a Full-Line of Entertainment Services Our meticulous attention to every detail, combined with a world-class team of full-time professional musicians and singers, DJs & MCs , entertainers and unique and original event service providers, guarantees an unforgettable event with non-stop dancing and fun.  Please contact us to learn about the cost and process for hiring entertainment for your special event. We regularly showcase our bands at various locations throughout New York, New Jersey and Connecticut. If these dates and times do not work for you, let us know as we may be able to provide an alternate opportunity to see the bands. You also will find answers to some of your questions on our  Frequently Asked Questions  page and you can locate audio track samples of our bands by visiting their perspective pages (Ariel’s music is on this page as well). About Ariel Music and Events Our music and event company is an evolution of more than 30 years of success in the wedding and special events business.  The journey began with husband and wife team, Len and Elizabeth Greene launching their band Ariel, which was to become an award-winning wedding and party band. They founded Ariel Entertainment in 1982 and their company has provided unparalleled service and incredible music to countless clients over 3 decades. In this time they have been able to connect with others who share their passion for excellence.  They have gathered together a list of the premier event services professionals whose work they have admired through the years.  With the birth of Ariel Music and Events, they are able to share these connections with those discriminating clients who are looking for the best talent and services available in the NYC , NJ and CT area. Since 2006, Len and Elizabeth have owned property on the Southern Pacific coast of Costa Rica where they have been connecting with the venues, adventure tours, wedding and event professionals and musicians.  They recently launched their event service business there for planning destination weddings , honeymoons , vacations and real estate tours . It would be our pleasure to assist you in planning your wedding, or special event & a joy to share all these talented artists with you.  Chat with us here on our website, email us or give us a call to tell us how we can bring your dream event to life. Spread the love end #content end #content-wrap Ariel Band Audio Samples Cake By The Ocean Only Girl In The World Lips Are Movin Wild Ones Born To Run Tennessee Whiskey / I Want It That Way Like I'm Gonna Lose You Uptown Funk Born to Run Shook Me All Night Long Treasure Ain't It Fun Gravity Sugar Call Me Al Be My Baby Glory Days Raise Your Glass Livin On A Prayer Isn't She Lovely Aint No Mountain HIgh, Reach Out (I'll Be There), Sweet Soul Music Rosalita Don't Leave Me This Way Locked Out Of Heaven Power of Love I Want You Back Best Is Yet To Come, L.O.V.E., Choo Choo Ch'Boogie Hip To Be Square You Are The Best Thing Addicted to Love, American Woman Dynamite, Poker Face, We Found Love, Domino If I Aint Got You La Vida Es Un Carnaval We Got The Funk, Roller Coaster, Bad Mamma Jamma Advice from Wedding Experts Follow Us end #sidebar-1 end #sidebar-1-wrap end #content-sidebar-wrap end #container end #container-wrap ~Upcoming Showcases~ Ariel New date TBA soon! REGISTER   Heartbeat Dance Band Tuesday, July 23rd, 2019 7:45pm doors, 8:00pm show Smash Studios - Studio 1 - 18th Floor 307 West 36th Street, NY, NY 10018 REGISTER Please email or call for more information liz@arielmusicandevents.com 800 233-2623 / 917 979-2788 end #fat-footer-1 Award-Winning Services ~ NINE TIME WINNER ~ ~ TEN TIME WINNER ~ Begin Constant Contact Active Forms End Constant Contact Active Forms end #fat-footer-2 Raves and Reviews We love this band! They made our wedding so fun. All our guests still can't believe how great the band was and how much fun they had on the dance floor. Ariel was AWESOME!! This band infused our party with energy I have never experienced at another wedding. end #fat-footer-3 Contact Us Today Classical Music International Music Stage and Event Lighting (201) 590-2894 NJ (917) 979-2788 NY (800) 233- 2623 Email Us Directly Servicing Following Locations: New York, New Jersey, Connecticut and now Costa Rica!, Ariel Music and Events 50 Harrison St. PH 498 Hoboken, NJ 07030 end #fat-footer-4 end #fat-footer-container end #fat-footer-container-wrap ?php echo insert_socialpop(); ? Admin Login Powered by Catalyst Copyright © 2019 Ariel Music & Events end #wrap Begin Catalyst Footer Scripts End Catalyst Footer Scripts Start of Zopim Live Chat Script End of Zopim Live Chat Script 