Ascolta e pentiti Ascolta e pentiti A music user's guide Try for a day one of my routines and experiment different perspectives! Free advices! Intro Western Easy Western Folk Minimal Pink Floyd 0 Theory Italiano corrects IE6 width calculation sabato 27 aprile 2019 The Gym If you are ambitious and want to leverage at maximum your listening skills do one of the workouts once in a week. You can pick a strategy (split or full). Each one lasts about three hours. I suggest Full body for beginners/casual music fans and Split for experienced listeners and professional musicians/producers. It doesn't matter the genre you like or what you listen for in the rest of the week, there are no rules and no limits. You'll be not a partial listener anymore and have deep emotional understanding of any kind of music, academic or popular, from all around the world! Become the true UNIVERSAL LISTENER, NOW! Full Body Workout Daft Punk -  Random Access Memories John Coltrane - A love supreme Igor Stravinskij -  Le sacre du printemps Ornette Coleman -  Skies of America GOOGLE MUSIC PLAYLIST - New neutral pill Split Workout Chic - Risqué Nile Rodgers - Adventures in the land of good groove JS Bach - The art of fugue BWV 1080 Arnold Schoenberg - Verklärte Nacht op. 4 Arnold Schoenberg - Piano Concerto op.42 GOOGLE MUSIC PLAYLIST - Study course for professionals Pubblicato da Antonio Suriano il giorno sabato, aprile 27, 2019 Nessun commento: Link a questo post Invia tramite email Postalo sul blog Condividi su Twitter Condividi su Facebook Condividi su Pinterest Post più vecchi Home page Iscriviti a: Post (Atom) Archivio blog ▼  2019 (11) ▼  aprile (4) The Gym A simple kickoff How to use the routines Climb the mountain! ►  marzo (3) ►  febbraio (3) ►  gennaio (1) ►  2018 (1) ►  novembre (1) Cheatsheet Ravi Shankar --> Folk Ockeghem --> Western Gamelan --> Minimal Pink Floyd --> Balanced Rock training routines: select your goal Rock enhancer/Reset Blues and world music Minimalism and alternative Opera and jazz singers Classical and jazz Test your rock ear Taxman (Folk ear) Airbag (Western ear) Sunday morning (Minimal ear) If you have questions or suggestions write here! Nome Email * Messaggio * columns main outside of the include in order to lock Attribution widget Copyright - 2003-2019 Antonio Suriano - Questo sito è contrario alla pirateria musicale. Tema Fantastico S.p.A.. Powered by Blogger . content 