Austin Hip-Hop Scene End Facebook Pixel Code Twitter universal website tag code End Twitter universal website tag code Austin Hip-Hop Scene corrects IE6 width calculation Thursday, April 03, 2014 Interview: Kato Dox - Realizing A New State Of Mind As an artist, a creator, a human, we’re on a seemingly never ending quest to “find our voice”. Truly expressing ourselves, and speaking our internal truth is what we all seek. The “voice” is the elusive muse who slips around the corner just as you catch a glimpse. Our “voice” is our nakedness for all the world to see. Kato Dox is an up-and-coming artist who is redefining Austin hip hop and in the process defining himself. Our story starts with a young man growing up in Dallas, TX. Rage Against the Machine As with many teens, the teenage years are an emotional roller coaster. As a teenager growing into your own, in the process, you must reject your origin. This growth process, quite often, is expressed with emotions of anger and the targets are your parents. For Kato, this time period was no different. One of the outlets that helps you cope with these internal volcanoes is music. During this time, Kato would find solace and therapy in the words and rhymes of Eminem and Tupac. The musical outlet would be the fuel for Kato to cope with young adulthood and to connect with hip hop. The Second Generation Growing up as a second generation Asian American is interesting in that you’re torn between two worlds. On the one hand, you have the traditional Asian culture and mindset which your parents try to instill in you. And on the other hand, you have the American culture that the world outside of your home is presenting you. As a young man, finding your place between these two worlds can be confusing. While Kato would work at his studies as a “good Asian kid”, he would also start exploring his passions and artistic abilities with poetry and band. While at the same time, his love and experimentation of hip hop would be hidden from his family in the confines of his bedroom and his notebooks of rhymes. As Kato honed his skills, he would learn to get out of the mindset of fitting in to pave his own path. During this time, he would put out three mix tapes and begin the journey to discover his own voice and sound. The path would lead to finding a more authentic self and a more authentic sound in his music. Realizing A New State Of Mind - RANSOM Now, after putting in the hard work and graduating from UT, he's shown his parents a young successful adult, which has lead to their support of his musical aspirations. In addition, it’s become a family affair with his brothers, who are also musically inclined, and play guitar as part of the Kato Dox band.  The Ransom Life brand is a record label with Kato’s extended family of Jony Glez and Benson J.T., both who are college buddies and help round out the skill set of the team. As you talk to Kato, the concept of “team” is a common theme and you realize his understanding of building a great team is one of the keys to success. On the heels of his recently released album, Infinity, Kato and the team aim to keep the momentum moving by strategically promoting the album, playing at shows, and starting the work on the next album. Who are the folks that are loving our music, cause at this point I’m not changing my music or my sound to fit in anywhere. - Kato Dox More info: http://www.katodox.com https://www.facebook.com/katodoxmusic https://www.youtube.com/user/KatoDoxMusic https://soundcloud.com/katodoxmusic ----- You can catch Kato Dox at Beerland  on Saturday, April 5. https://www.facebook.com/events/219596218234776 Posted by Unknown at 5:00 AM 2 comments: Links to this post Location: Austin, TX, USA Thursday, February 13, 2014 Interview: Clemits - Skate or Die. The great thing about our culture, the hip hop culture, is the inclusive and embracing nature and the different influences that can spark one’s love for this culture. Hip Hop is the culture of the youth. As Kevin Powell put it, “Hip-Hop is urban folk art, period. And that urban folk art is about the lives of a very unique group of people, of how they made something out of nothing, and how that nothing has come to define an entire era in many ways, be it our language, our fashion, our attitudes, our art, the way we make music, and the way we do and do not communicate across race, gender, geography, and cultures.” Clemits, an MC and producer, came to Austin as a young man. In Midland, Texas, where he grew up, Clemits drew many of his influences from skateboarding and his group, the MSG Crew. Skateboarding Like many young men, Clemits found skateboarding or skateboarding found Clemits, if you’d like to get philosophical. Skateboarding has it’s own storied culture with its own icons and folklore. Both cultures, hip hop and skateboarding, are very much intertwined. And like hip hop, skateboarding is a conduit for youthful self expression. As a skateboarder, Clemits would have dreams of one day becoming a pro skater. And through these connections, he would be greatly influenced by his friend Gest of Fools Inc., who would turn him onto some of the more serious graffiti art and artists and well as expanding his knowledge of underground hip hop. Another early crossover between skateboarding and hip hop which would greatly influence Clemits, would be the 411 Video Magazine. 411VM was a platform showcasing many of the top skateboarding talents performing to music, and much of it being hip hop. http://www.skateboardermag.com/411vm Earning His Chops Once getting to Austin, Clemits would be swept away by the music scene and the DIY nature of the Austin artists who were putting together their own shows. To this day, that do it yourself attitude is still with Clemits, who regularly puts on shows that serve as venues for Austin artists to showcase their art. Shortly in time, many of his crew would also move to Austin. During this time, Clemits and MSG Crew would put out a series of demos. Following the release of their first professionally recorded album, “Jobs are for the Birds”, Clemits and MSG Crew would tour Europe. And after which, he would return home and release his first solo album, “Tomorrows Friend”. The coming years would be a sequence of independently released albums and touring. In December of 2009 on the “More Everything Tour”, Clemits, Dubb Sicks , and Japanese Jesus would get the idea to form an acapella battle league in Austin, called the Texas Battle League . Just do. Just because. Just live because that’s who you are. Just do what comes natural.  - Clemits More info: http://clemits.com https://www.facebook.com/Therealclemits https://twitter.com/Clemits http://clemits.bandcamp.com https://soundcloud.com/clemits ----- You can catch Clemits at Silhouette Loft 718 on Saturday, Feb 15th. https://www.facebook.com/events/272360916256407 An AHHS Sponsored Event. Posted by Unknown at 6:00 AM No comments: Links to this post Sunday, January 19, 2014 AMX + AHHS Block Party Mix For your listening pleasure, here is the AMX + AHHS Block Party Mix as part of tonight's show. The MLK Block Party is at Spiderhouse Ballroom . Show starts at 8pm. All of the artists will have their music available for purchase. Come out and support the scene! Download the mix here:  http://goo.gl/G1dPYU Look at all the artists on the mix! Charlie Boom - 2 People Anya - Call It Love Architech And Dosis - CLASs DNAtheG - Teenager_On_Drugs Domus - NO_BUDGET Dria E - Clockwork Emcee Eats - Space Boots Feral the Earthworm - Dreamer's Anthem Kilmatik - The Cleanup King ART - Who Am I La Vida Buena - La Vida Buena Likwid Flowz - On Me LNS Crew - Leaders Life Forever MTTRVN - Dreams One Who May Ascend - Psychic Hotline Panamatic - Nobody Radio Roadsklr - indigo gypsy Samlive Redbeard - Oct 24, 2013, 4.22 PM Scuare - Gone Away Solow DaBoss - TRRAP JUMMPIN The Triggermen - Irresponsible Whiteside - Like Jordan Again, the MLK Block Party is tonight! Event Page:  https://www.facebook. com/events/671810789516501/ Posted by Unknown at 1:39 PM No comments: Links to this post Older Posts Home Subscribe to: Posts (Atom) Blog Archive ▼  2014 (4) ▼  April (1) Interview: Kato Dox - Realizing A New State Of Min... ►  February (1) ►  January (2) ►  2013 (3) ►  September (1) ►  August (1) ►  July (1) ►  2012 (4) ►  November (1) ►  October (1) ►  July (1) ►  January (1) ►  2011 (18) ►  April (3) ►  March (5) ►  February (2) ►  January (8) ►  2010 (173) ►  December (11) ►  November (18) ►  October (18) ►  September (15) ►  August (11) ►  July (15) ►  June (15) ►  May (16) ►  April (20) ►  March (10) ►  February (14) ►  January (10) ►  2009 (141) ►  December (8) ►  November (13) ►  October (11) ►  September (11) ►  August (13) ►  July (13) ►  June (11) ►  May (9) ►  April (13) ►  March (13) ►  February (13) ►  January (13) ►  2008 (226) ►  December (18) ►  November (21) ►  October (17) ►  September (21) ►  August (16) ►  July (17) ►  June (18) ►  May (17) ►  April (19) ►  March (30) ►  February (16) ►  January (16) ►  2007 (185) ►  December (19) ►  November (17) ►  October (12) ►  September (13) ►  August (18) ►  July (18) ►  June (15) ►  May (16) ►  April (19) ►  March (13) ►  February (14) ►  January (11) ►  2006 (177) ►  December (12) ►  November (20) ►  October (14) ►  September (18) ►  August (19) ►  July (20) ►  June (15) ►  May (9) ►  April (15) ►  March (16) ►  February (12) ►  January (7) ►  2005 (32) ►  December (3) ►  November (7) ►  October (13) ►  September (4) ►  August (5) ►  2000 (15) ►  July (15) columns main outside of the include in order to lock Attribution widget Copyright © 2011 Austin Hip-Hop Scene. All Rights Reserved. Awesome Inc. theme. Powered by Blogger . content 