Badfinger Library Home Page DWLayoutTable     Lyrics - Accurate & Verified Gigs & Concerts: 1964-1984 Vinyl / CD / Digital Releases Acetates: Iveys / Badfinger Recording Sessions Radio Broadcast Performances TV Broadcast Performances Promotional Materials Band Member Line-ups: 1964-1984 The Permissive Paradise story The Origin of Badfinger's Name Solo Releases & offshoot bands Exclusive Interviews Baby Blue on Breaking Bad Badfinger Library News & Features Member biographies www.badfingerlibrary .com To contact regarding licensing of Pete Ham or Tom Evans songs, email the estates admin at: BadfingerOfficial@gmail.com The Iveys 50th Anniversary   The largest, most comprehensive Badfinger site on the web (since June 25, 1998). Dedicated to the appreciation of Badfinger's musical legacy. Please submit any concert memories, news, scans, etc. to badfingerlibrary@gmail.com Last update: February 3, 2019 BadfingerIveys YouTube Channel Badfinger/The Iveys Facebook (Official Badfinger Facebook) Badfinger (public group) Facebook (Most popular Badfinger forum) Pete Ham Facebook Badfinger Official Twitter @badfinger_offcl Badfinger Library Twitter @badfingerlibrar Brando's Badfinger Page (with YouTube video links) Badfinger Library Message Board (news, forum) Dan Matovina's Badfinger Biography   My goal with this web page is to categorize and present as much information as possible on The Iveys and Badfinger. In doing this, I want to be as accurate as possible with the information, so this page will constantly be changing. My motivation here is my love for Badfinger's music and my desire to spread the word about their music to new fans. Tom Brennan (webmaster) Additional research by Dan Matovina and Keith James, with contributions from Badfinger fans worldwide. Special thanks to Ron Griffiths, Dave Jenkins, Bob Jackson, Mark V. Perkins, Paul Nyman, Stephane Fremon, and Philippe Colinge. also visit... Splinter Library (Bob Purvis & Bill Elliott) Apple Records U.S.A. singles (list by Tom Brennan) Tom Brennan's Important Beatles News © Copyright 1998-2019 Tom Brennan's Badfinger Library. All Rights Reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission is prohibited. All trademarks used are the property of their respective owners.   