Welcome to BaltimoreBass.com Acoustic and electric bassist Phil Ravita is a freelance musician based in the DC/ Baltimore area performing all genres of music in ensembles including orchestras, big bands, theater bands, quartets, trios and duos. Phil is a faculty member at Prince Georges Community College and the College of Southern Maryland. He is a member of the musician's unions in Washington DC, Baltimore and New York as well as a member of The Baltimore Composer’s Forum and the Baltimore Jazz Alliance. When not leading his own Jazz band Ravita has shared the stage with guest artists who include Bobby Shew, Jimmy Heath, Claudio Roditi, Gabrielle Goodman, Diane Hoffman, Joyce Scott, Ruby Glover Scott Wenholdt and Steve Wilson. He also appears regularly in DC accompanying other guest artists. His composition “Hard at Work” was featured at the composers showcase sponsored by the Baltimore Jazz Alliance in conjunction with the Baltimore Composer’s Forum. His piece Sepia was featured in the Baltimore Jazz Alliance's second Jazz Composer's Showcase. His compositions “In the Back Door” and “Blue Sunshine" received awards in the 14th Annual Billboard International Song Contest. Phil's compositions appear on the CDs Baltimore Jazzscapes and Baltimore Jazzscapes II . Phil is available for private lessons and master classes. For more information E-mail or phone . Phil is the President of Maryland Area College Music association and is an Eden Bass Amplification Artist Bookings and management Copyright 2019 Phil Ravita & BaltimoreBass.com Designed and maintained by Jack Frisch What's New... On September 2013, the Baltimore Jazz Alliance's held it's second Jazz Composer's Showcase, I was interviewed by Oswald S Copeland about the presentation of my Original composition "Sepia". Jazzscapes II My composition "A Kiss Goodbye" appears on The Baltimore Jazz Alliance's second compilation CD showcasing local jazz artists performing standards to original contemporary jazz Read more… Jazzscapes My trio appears on the CD Baltimore Jazzscapes, The Baltimore Jazz Alliance's first compilation CD performing my original song "Ahamay". Read more… NEW INTERVIEW I was interviewed by "The Diamond Back", the University of Maryland's Independent Student newspaper about my work with the University's Jazz Band as well as about the late saxophonist Frank Wess. Read the article... Here's a link to read a recent story that ran about me in the alumni newsletter from Arcbishop Curley High Scchool in Baltimore Maryland Read the article... 