San Francisco Bay Area Event Music corporate wedding dance party bands Start of StatCounter Code for Dreamweaver End of StatCounter Code for Dreamweaver The Shake band and Silver Moon Big Band provide musical entertainment for weddings, corporate special events and parties throughout the San Francisco Bay Area and Northern California. Band, bay area, big band, blues, corporate, corporate event, dance, entertainment, ethnic, event, holiday, jazz, jazz music, jazz musicians, live music, music, musicians, musicians search, parties, party, party music, planning wedding, planning wedding checklist, reception, rhythm, rock, rock and roll, rock bands, san francisco, songs, standards, swing, tunes, wedding, wedding bands, wedding ceremony, wedding ceremony music, wedding music, wedding planning, wedding reception, wedding reception music, wedding songs, disco, Napa, Sonoma, Wine Country, Carmel, Santa Cruz, 70's music, Monterey peninsula, Tahoe BAY AREA EVENT MUSIC You've reached the home page of guitarist and bandleader Lee Waterman. Lee has four groups of muscians, two terrific dance bands and two elegant jazz combos. These muscians perform in the San Francisco Bay Area and all across Northern California. Whether you want to boogie the night away with that irresistible motown beat, or dance to your favorite swing, rock, disco or Sinatra classics, both these bands are real crowd pleasers! These musicians have appeared with such notables as: Steve Allen, Ray Charles, Paul Anka, Tito Puente, Del Shannon, The Drifters, and others. Both groups have performed at many of the Bay Area's most prestigious events, including the 2011 Bay Area Red Cross Gala and the SF Symphony Gala at Davies Hall. They specialize in weddings, corporate celebrations, and fundraisers. Special ethnic and holiday music is available, as are classical duets and soloists for wedding ceremonies. Whether your celebration is black-tie or informal, rest assured the dance floor will be packed when you're groovin' to the irresistible beat of Shake and the Silver Moon Big Band. Shake SilverMoon Big Band Jazz Caliente performs Latin and Brazilian jazz. Lee founded the band as a vehicle original compositions and his unique arrangements of songs by the great Jazz, Latin, and Brazilian masters; including Tito Puente, Sergio Mendes, Miles Davis and Duke Ellington . Jazz Caliente   Critically acclaimed guitarist Lee Waterman's Trio has a repertoire of hundreds of tunes from the world's great song writers including the music of Cole Porter, Gershwin, Ellington, Jobim and the Beatles . Lee Waterman Trio           This page designed and produced by Andrew Van Dis - Berkeley CA (Copyright © 2019) 