Ginny Bear, Seattle Piano Tuner, Tuning Services, Regulation is HOME    TUNING YOUR PIANO     PIANO LINKS     CONTACT     ARCHIVES                       (425) 765-3514 WESTERN WASHINGTON NEIGHBORHOODS SERVED Ballard Adams Loyal Heights Sunset Hill West Woodland Whittier Heights Lake City Cedar Park Matthews Beach Meadowbrook Olympic Hills Victory Heights Northgate Haller Lake Maple Leaf North College Park Pinehurst University District Magnolia Briarcliff Lawton Park Magnolia Queen Anne Capitol Hill Broadway Madison Park Montlake Portage Bay Stevens Cascade Eastlake South Lake Union Westlake Central District Atlantic Harrison Denny-Blaine Leschi Madrona Mann Minor Belltown Denny Regrade First Hill International District Pike Place Market Pioneer Square Yesler Terrace Rainier Valley Brighton Beach Columbia City Dunlap Mount Baker Rainier Beach Seattle West Seattle Vashon Island Bellevue Burien Redmond Kirkland Beaux Arts Medina Factoria Newport Hills Sammamish Greenwood Ravenna Woodinville Lynnwood Boulevard Park and more Outlying Areas on Request     Se habla español Speaks Japanese & Spanish GINNY BEAR , RPT , piano tuner and technician, offers on-site piano tuning and repair in the Seattle, Washington area.  Her hybrid tuning technique uses traditional ear tuning methods combined with an electronic tuning device.  She has worked on pianos ranging from Acrosonics to Wurlitzers, from spinets to concert grands, and she enjoys the great variety of pianos that have been crafted in over 300 years of their existence. Registered Piano Technician, Piano Technicians Guild Graduate, Randy Potter School of Piano Technolog y, and the Steve Brady Apprenticeship Program Active musician; member of Northwest Symphony Orchestra and Orchestra Seattle . Blog: August 2017 - Retirement Nears! Since 2005, I have tuned over 4000 pianos, and now it's time to hang up my tuning hammer. At the end of August, I am turning over my business to Artisan Piano Services , (425) 974-4100.  Artisan is a family-based piano service with a large operation in Portland and a growing operation in Seattle.  Please contact them for all your piano service needs, as I am now booked to the end of the month. Thanks to all who have honored me with your piano work and friendship.  Please say hello if our paths meet again, and tell me how you, your piano, and your pets are doing!    See Archives for previous Blog entries . Buying a Used Piano? Thinking about buying a piano on Craig's List (or elsewhere)?  Save yourself from the disappointment of a piano that's untunable or has expensive problems.  I'll do a purchase evaluation for $75. This could also apply to a used piano in a piano shop.  Save yourself some money/disappointment in the long run!  This deal does not appy to all pianos, give me a call and we'll see if it applies to the one you're considering. Neighborhood Discount Piano technicians do not often offer discounts, but Bear Piano Services does: the Neighborhood Discount.  Two or more pianos tuned the same day in the same neighborhood qualify you for a $10 discount.  Call with dates that will work for you and your neighbors, and I will find a date that works for us all.  CONTACT E-mail me , or call 425-765-3514 or 206-406-5576 (both go to the same place, if one number is long distance for you, try the other one) BRANDS Steinway Baldwin Mason & Hamlin Yamaha Kawai Boston Hamilton Kimball Gulbranson Grotrian Acrosonic Knabe Wurlitzer Aeolian Bechstein Bluthner Bosendorfer Cable Chickering Charles Walters Ellington Estonia Falcone Faziolo Farrand Howard Kohler & Campbell Kranich & Bach Petrof Pleyel Samick Schimmel Sohmer Story & Clark Young-Chang and more TYPES OF PIANOS Concert Grand Semi-Concert or Half-Concert Grand Parlor or Living Room Grand Baby Grand Uprights "Upright Grand" "Cabinet Grand" Professional Upright Studio Upright Console Upright Spinet   Yes, I accept credit cards.       