Bernunzio Uptown Music Head Libs [if IE]> <link rel="stylesheet" href="/static/bootstrap/css/ie.css"> <![endif] [if lte IE 8]> <script src="/static/bootstrap/vendor/respond.js"></script> <![endif] Search (585) 473-6140 Search info@bernunzio.com Toggle Dropdown Upcoming Events Newsletters Deals of the Week New Items Ukulele Newsletter Social Media Facebook YouTube Accessories Bows Cables Capos Banjo Capos Guitar Capos Mandolin Capos Ukulele Capos Cases Case Parts Hard Cases Soft Cases Drum Sticks Effects Gift Ideas Hats Instrument Care Humidifiers Polish, Cloths Rosin, etc. String Winders Wind, Brass Lubricant Mics & Mixers Misc Mutes Banjo Mutes Violin Mutes Pick Holders Picks Fingerpicks Specialty Flatpicks Thumbpicks Ukulele Picks Pickups Banjo Pickups Guitar Pickups Mandolin Pickups Ukulele Pickups Violin Pickups Reeds Alto Saxophone Reeds Baritone Saxophone Reeds Clarinet Reeds Soprano Saxophone Reeds Tenor Saxophone Reeds Slides Stands, Supports Straps Banjo Straps Guitar Straps Mandolin Straps Ukulele Straps Tuners, Metronomes Instruments Amps Banjos 5-String Open-Back 5-String Resonator Fretless Guitar Banjo Plectrum Tenor Bowed Instruments 1/4 Cello Double Bass Viola Violin Everything Else Accordion Autoharp/Zither Drums and percussion Dulcimer Ethnic Instruments Harmonicas Harp Jaw Harps Musical Instruments for Kids Wind instruments Guitars Featured: Eastman Archtop Bass Guitar Classicals Electrics Flat Top Waterloo All Flat Top Misc. Resonator, Steel, Hawaiian Tenor Mandolins A Style Mandolin Banjo-Mandolin Bowlback F Style Mandolin Mandocello Mandola Octave Mandolin Ukuleles Banjo Ukuleles Bass Ukuleles Soprano Ukuleles Tiple Baritone Ukuleles Concert Ukuleles Tenor Ukuleles Media 78 Records Catalogs Original Reprint CDs Concerts DVDs Banjo (All Styles) Fiddle Guitar (All Styles) Mandolin Ukulele Gift Certificates Historic Photographs Misc. Ephemera Postcards Prints, Posters Publications Manuals, Tutors Manuscript Paper Reference Books Sheet Music, Song Books Trade Cards Vinyl Records Parts Banjo Parts Banjo Arm Rests Banjo Bridges Banjo Heads Banjo Necks/Neck Hardware Banjo Nuts Banjo Pickguards Banjo Resonators Banjo Rims/Rim Hardware Banjo Tailpieces Banjo Tuners Banjo Wrenches Cello Parts Cello Tailpiece Hangers Guitar Parts Guitar Bodies Guitar Bridge Pins Guitar Bridge Plates Guitar Bridges Guitar End Pins Guitar Necks Guitar Nuts Guitar Pickguards Guitar Pickup Covers Guitar Strap Locks Guitar Tailpieces Guitar Tuner Buttons Guitar Tuners Mandolin Parts Mandolin Bridges Mandolin Pickguard Brackets Mandolin Tailpieces Mandolin Tuners Ukulele Parts Ukulele Tuners Violin Parts Violin Bow Parts Violin Bridges Violin Pegs Violin Shoulder Rest Feet Violin Tailpiece Hangers Violin Tailpieces Strings Banjo 5-String Plectrum Tenor Guitar 12-String Acoustic Bass Classical Electric Mandolin Other Ukulele Banjo-Ukulele Baritone Bass Bass Concert Soprano Tenor Violin, Viola Events New Items Vintage more More Information Appraisals Directions Consignment Special Requests How to Ship Deals of the Week John's Corner Returns & Policies Events Epic Frail! Banjo Therapy Mando, Mando! A Mandolin Gathering DownHome Bluegrass Jam Bluegrass Jam Old Timey Jam Saturday Ukulele Hour Epic Frail! Banjo Therapy Mando, Mando! A Mandolin Gathering View all Events Newsletter Signup Weekly Newsletter New items this week Ukulele Newsletter Connect with us Links Testimonials × Signup for our newsletters Deals of the Week Close × Signup for our newsletters New Items Newsletter Close × Signup for our Ukulele Newsletter RUSG (Rochester Ukulele Support Group) Newsletter Close Epic Frail! Mando, Mando! Banjo Therapy DownHome Bluegrass Jam Bluegrass Jam Old Timey Jam Saturday Ukulele Hour Epic Frail! Gibson LG-2 (SKU: 25448) A strong sounding and playing post-war LG-2 that underwent Gibson factory work in 1981; no serial numbers or FON are present. The double bound body has a spruce top, mahogany back and sides; the instrument was completely refinished (w/ exception of peghead script), the back braces were reglued, a crack was repaired on the back, the bridge and pickguard were replaced. Factory replaced rosewood fingerboard with mahogany neck w/ 1-13/16" nut width, Kluson Deluxe tuners. Some dings and nicks are... $2475.00 Circa 1946 Read More Dyer Harp Guitar (SKU: 24848) A thunderous 11 string harp guitar, likely distributed by the J.W. Dyer Co. and can most likely be attributed to Chris Knutsen prior to Larson-made Dyer instruments appeared, though this example bears no serial number or label. This is a solid player's grade harp guitar, and has underwent major structural restoration in its long life; numerous cracks and repairs, replaced bridge. The 25" scale mahogany neck is later, with a more recent rosewood fingerboard (walnut shim underneath). Stunning... $2499.00 1900 Read More Gibson F-5 (SKU: 24741) This is a very fine Artist model similar to the instrument played by Sam Bush. It is complete with all parts and the shaped case. The back is two piece, Michigan maple and the top is carved spruce. The peghead has the small flower pot inlay and "Gibson" in pearl script. The engraved tuners are gold plated with pearl buttons. The pick guard is most likely a reproduction but it is perfect. Overall the instrument is complete and in fine order. Recently refretted w/ period fretwire; binding... $32500.00 1938 Read More Fender Stratocaster 1966 (SKU: 24502) Every once in a while a guitar comes into the shop that reminds us why vintage instruments are so revered: all of the mystique and mojo suddenly become tangible and it completely fulfills our expectations. This is a 1966 Fender Stratocaster and is totally original and from the original owner. Back in 1966 he purchased it from Stutzman's Guitar Center with the intention of using it to woo girls. Unfortunately, the guitar never left his bedroom. After a few years of practicing it was put in... $17000.00 1966 Read More Greven Electric Style (SKU: 24365) A fine banjo attributed to master luthier John Greven, who began his career at Gruhn Guitars in the 1960s and now builds high end guitars. The 27" scale maple neck features a fantastic heel carving, fancy pearl inlay on the ebony fretboard and peghead overlay (flower pots, cherubs), and a "gryphon" in pearl on the backstrap. The 10-15/16" rim assembly is most likely original, although the internal veneer is newer, has been rebound, and exterior wood has newer finish; original scalloped Electric... $4950.00 Circa 1970 Read More Enoch Fretless Marquetry (SKU: 24408) A hardly used custom fretless banjo by modern master Kevin Enoch. This example features a thin (1/4" thick) 12" light stained maple rim, grooved tension hoop w/ rounded shoes; rosewood rim cap. The neck is constructed of light stained curly maple, and features an ivoroid bound fretless rosewood fingerboard with stunning multicolored marquetry from the nut to the heel, as well as on the peghead overlay. Equipped with carved bone friction pegs, w/ matching bone tailpiece. In overall fantastic... $3499.00 Circa 2011 Read More Hours: Mon | Tues | Wed | Fri - 11am to 6pm Thurs - 11am to 8pm Sat - 9am to 4:30pm Facebook Instagram YouTube Newsletters Contact Us (585) 473-6140 122 East Avenue Rochester, New York 14604 info@bernunzio.com begin olark code end olark code Libs Current Page Scripts Theme Initializer Custom JS 