The Bluegrass Guitar Home Page #BeginLibraryItem "/library/logo.lbi" THE BLUEGRASS GUITAR HOME PAGE #EndLibraryItem #BeginLibraryItem "/library/nav.lbi" Open All | Close All Home History A Brief History History Books & Videos Artists Guitars Choosing a Guitar Tonal Qualities Audio Comparisons Buying Tips Guitar Makers Instrument Dealers Other Gear Picks Tuners Capos Metronomes Playing Styles Playing Rhythm Playing Lead Carter Style Crosspicking Flatpick or Fingerpick? Learning to Play Overview Learning Tips How to Practice Beginning Guitar Bluegrass Guitar Flatpicking Rhythm Guitar Solo / Lead The Fingerboard Carter Style Crosspicking Building Repertoire Guitar Method Virtual Jams Learning Links Study Tunes Wildwood Flower Arkansas Traveler Tablature Lead Tabs Rhythm Tabs Sibelius Cloud Viewer Other Tab Resources Top 10 Tunes The Top 10 Tunes Complete Results Links Bluegrass Guitar General Guitar Links Guitar Care & Maintenance Bluegrass Music Record Labels Products We Offer Digital Download Catalog About This Site Contact Us #EndLibraryItem Be sure to visit Doc's Guitar , our sister web site dedicated to the legendary guitarist Doc Watson.   1 1 1 1 1 anniversary.jpg howtopractice.jpg Are you in a practice rut? Browse through these practicing resources to learn WHAT and HOW to practice. choosingaguitar.jpg What kind of guitar do I need to play Bluegrass? Check out our page on choosing a guitar for Bluegrass. learningtoplay.jpg We have a great selection of learning tools to assist players at all levels. Check these out on our "Learning to Play" page. digitaldownloads.jpg We now offer digital video and books! You can choose from a wide selection of material from all the major music instruction publishers. Welcome! The Bluegrass Guitar Home Page was created to be a convenient source of information about the acoustic flat-top guitar and its use in Bluegrass music. Our goal is to help promote traditional guitar and assist players and fans alike. Our site offers a wide variety of content. We explore the history and styles of guitar used in Bluegrass as well as popular artists . Our Guitar section looks at the kind of guitar used in Bluegrass, gives you a chance to listen to audio comparisons of different guitars and offers buying tips . We also have a section on other gear that covers picks, tuners, capos and metronomes. We have resources to help you learn how to play Bluegrass guitar in the flatpicking style, including learning tips , an extensive list of instruction materials, study tunes and both lead tablature and rhythm tablature pages. We also have a set of Study Tune pages where you can learn the process of transcribing and arranging songs and tunes on your own. We have two Study Tunes: Wildwood Flower and Arkansas Traveler . Be sure to see our our Top 10 Tunes page, where you'll find a list of the top ten tunes that Bluegrass guitarists like to play. We surveyed our readers for 15 years about their favorite tunes and are pleased to share the results on this page. We don't accept advertisers on this site, so the only way we generate income to help pay our operating costs is by sales of products listed here. We personally screen all these products and our goal is to list only the most relevant and best products. Learn more on our product affiliations page . We're glad you stopped by, and hope you enjoy your visit. If you have suggestions or comments on how we can make the site better, be sure to contact us. What's New Sibelius Cloud Tabs Are Here! We have now completed the migration of our tabs from the old Scorch plug-in to the new Sibelius Cloud system. The new tabs are delivered from the Cloud and are universal across all browsers and devices. New Study Tune: Arkansas Traveler We just published another Study Tune! This one explores the familiar tune Arkansas Traveler and takes you from how to transcribe it to developing your own arrangements. Digital Product Downloads We are pleased to announce that Bluegrass Guitar now offers digital downloads for both video and books! Click here to learn more about this great new feature on our site . Products We Offer W e offer selected Bluegrass guitar instruction materials, books and CDs for sale on our site. We are affiliated with these online retailers, and you will see product links throughout the site.. • Instruction books and videos through SheetMusicPlus.com • Digital video and book downloads from our Digital Video Catalog . • Books, CDs and DVDs through Amazon.com . #BeginLibraryItem "/library/footer.lbi" ©1998-2019, BluegrassGuitar.com. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy Web Design by Etherjazz #EndLibraryItem 