BodhranExpert Bodhran Lessons and Videos — Bodhran Players Helpline Home Blog Videos Photos About Contact MichelleStewart.com Bodhran Expert You’re About To Learn The “Secrets” That Most Bodhran Players Will Never Know About How To Play With Dynamic Control From Day One. Whether You’re A Raw Beginner Or An Experienced Player These “Basic Strokes” Will INSTANTLY Transform Your Drumming. Inside You’ll Learn: · How to immediately apply the basic strokes to your playing for instant results . · How to play quietly. · How to avoid the scratchy sound. · How to play faster. · How to avoid the sliding tipper. · Why you may be making things harder than they need to be and how to make learning simple, fast and fun. { 23 comments… read them below or add one } ← Previous Comments Mac Dodge October 7, 2014 at 3:58 am Hi Michelle I have come a long way since signing up for your lessons, for me, with no musical experience it was a pretty long journey and I have a long way to go yet, but I am now playing with a local session group run by a super guy on uilleann pipes and at the recent Shackerstone festival was asked to accompany a Guitarist and Banjo duo (how good is that. Many many thanks for what you have done and ‘rock on’ keep the lessons coming – I just want to get better Mac Mac Dodge October 7, 2014 at 4:00 am Good morning Michelle I have come a long way since signing up for your lessons, for me, with no musical experience it was a pretty long journey and I have a long way to go yet, but I am now playing with a local session group run by a super guy on uilleann pipes and at the recent Shackerstone festival was asked to accompany a Guitarist and Banjo duo (how good is that. Many many thanks for what you have done and ‘rock on’ keep the lessons coming – I just want to get better Mac Terry October 19, 2014 at 1:30 pm Iv been mucking about with my bodrhan for over ten years and now that im in wee ceilidh/folk band (vocals) the rest of band want me to play bodrhan. So I now need to take this seriously and really want to learn how o play bodrhan properly. I’v been following your 7 rhythms in 7 days. Very hard but I have made some progress. paul davis November 26, 2014 at 2:40 pm Recently visited Nova Scotia via tour ship. I wore my Newfoundland tam whole time….tried to buy another only to be told, “Dummy, those have been out of style for 20 years.” On board encountered entertainer who used a bodhran and became curious. Returning home acquired a drum and have followed you on the web. Doing well but seeking more. My tipper is just a 3/4 inch dowel with a rubber band and seems to work. I like your bent wrist approach. Like to play with just my fingers. Understand the down/up approach because its the same as my guitar technique.Bye the bye…that red and black outfit is “far out” as John Denver would say…oh yeah ,I’m 82! wendy tobiassen December 4, 2014 at 4:52 pm Hi Does this site provide free lessons or is it necessary to pay for Badhran lessons. thank you wendy this a free lesion site patsy dooley December 23, 2014 at 8:40 am Hi, I have tried playing the bodhran so many times some years back. I just love the sound of it and would like to try it again. Happy Christmas Patsy Don January 20, 2015 at 12:59 pm Just a beginner. Always wanted to play drums but in past have played at piano, guitar, and flute, currently learning trumpet, which I’ve had most success with. I lovev The Corrs music, also have tin whistle which I like to play. I do really like the Bodhran and am learning by watching your videos. Many thanks! Tony January 25, 2015 at 5:04 am I had my Bodhran for years laying around the house, I decided to pick it up and seen you on YouTube 7 rhythms in 7 days and with your easy teaching methods, I am hooked Tony Jules January 30, 2015 at 12:42 pm Hi Michelle, Absolutely loving these videos, and have just purchased a bodhran after playing the clipboard! I’m hooked, and this seems such a positive thing to be doing, it makes me feel great. Thank you for your easy to understand yet challenging videos. I would love to see a list of some possible music cds to practice along to, unless you mention such info and I just haven’t seen it yet. Jules Terry Wildman February 2, 2015 at 7:48 am Enjoying your videos and want to get better! George Armstrong February 10, 2015 at 4:46 am I am an amateur musician in his sixties. I play guitar (basic) mandolin (v basic) as well as other instruments. I sing with 2 bands and play bodhran. I also run a folk club in Darlington http://www.darlingtonfolkclub.com I would like to improve my musical knowledge and Bodhran playing. MichelleStewart March 20, 2015 at 3:26 am Yes, it’s quite the addictive instrument Tony. Happy to hear your drum is out of hibernation and filling your home with rhythm. ~ Michelle MichelleStewart March 20, 2015 at 3:48 am Hi Wendy, all the lessons on this site are my completely free YouTube videos. You can watch approximately 50 of them here on my website or from my YouTube channel at http://www.YouTube.com/BodhranMasterclass I also have a comprehensive bodhran course that is a paid program. It’s a one time payment for lifetime access. The YouTube videos are kind of like tasters, but my course is the full meal deal. It allows me to cover everything in far greater detail. The course has over 12 hours of instruction from me and loads of support material. If you’re interested in that I am starting a new class in just a couple of weeks – Spring 2015 People on the waiting list will get an Early Bird priority registration email. I only run the class about once a year so you can go here http://www.BodhranExpertPlatinumMembership.com to get on the waiting list if you’re interested in joining us. Hope that helps, Michelle dave hutton May 26, 2015 at 5:13 pm Have just found your website. I’m guessing from your accent that you are not a native of Crieff. Is your husband Scottish? I’m originally from Perth, Scotland (now living in Atlanta, GA) and first saw the bodhran played by the Corries folk group at Perth City Hall in the Seventies. I hope to improve my skills by going through your 7 lessons. Keep up the good work Debbie Bird July 19, 2015 at 11:50 am You are AWESOME! Thank you sooooooo much for sharing your talent! Adrian September 13, 2015 at 3:13 pm Hi michelle been playing for over 10 years. From england originally. But have found myself living a very remote corner of California at the base of the sierra nevada. Been using instructional tapes and dvds do really looking forward to getting beyond the basics . Play rhythm to a irish fingerstyle guitarist. Great fun. All the best Adrian Peter November 30, 2015 at 7:30 am Hello Michelle, love your videos, and your method of teaching is very clear. I am a novice on the bodhran and have found your videos very helpful in bringing me along to my mind quite quickly… thank you !!! I have yet to look at all your videos… do you mention Tuning a drum, or care of the drum? keep up the good work: regards peter Nantes. France. Isabel December 15, 2015 at 11:13 am Love your videos! Richard Low January 13, 2016 at 4:36 pm Hi Michelle, This is the first time I’ve taken my computer in hand (so to speak) to thank you for all the goodies you have sent since I became a member of your first bodhran class. And playing my drums does indeed make me very happy,so thanks again for all your wonderful teaching and sharing. susan January 17, 2016 at 7:35 pm Hi Michelle- Just came across your site and am quite interested in your BodhranExpertPlatinumMembership. I also realize that I’m about 4 days late. I am wondering if there is any grace in the timing and if there are any spots still available? CHARLOTTE HANLEY January 28, 2016 at 1:05 am I WANT TO LEARN THE BODHRAN BUT I NEED TO BUY ONE FIRST. I KNOW THEY ARE AVAILABLE ON LINE BUT I HAVE NO IDEA WHICH WOULD BE BEST FOR A BEGINNER. THANK YOU. Debbie March 18, 2016 at 7:33 am I’m so glad I found this on YouTube! I have been wanting to learn the basics prior to an upcoming workshop in a few months. I look forward to practicing along with your videos! Mike Lafferty March 27, 2018 at 10:50 pm Please and me the basic rythyms video. I had it bu let it. Thank you Michelle Leave a Comment Name * E-mail * Website Navigation Who I Am Photo Archive Contact Videos Jig Solo With FREE Downloadable Drum Notation Bodhran Expert 7 Rhythms In & 7 Days Bodhran Challenge Video Series Platinum Membership Is Now Open Blog Subscribe Now For your FREE report on the Basic Strokes PLUS a Bonus Troubleshooting Lesson and subscription to the BodhranExpert newsletter with strategies, tools and inspiration to quickly transform your bodhran playing enter your first name and valid email address and click "Send It To Me Now" (All information is 100% Confidential!) Recent Posts UPCOMING EVENTS 2018 TEACHING AND EVENTS 2016 Slippery Slip Jig Tracks For Practising Bodhrán My Bodhran – Size Questions Answered Touch The Sky Metronomes & Apps For Bodhran Practice I Have A Book Coming Out . . . Bodhran Tippers Of The World-Part 3 Bodhran Tippers Of The World-Part 5 Bodhran Tippers Of The World-Part 4 Bodhran Tippers Of The World-Part 2 Bodhran Tippers Of The World-Part 1 Bodhran Tipper Spotlight & Give-Away Summer Bodhran Classes At The Gaelic College Announced For 2015 My Personal Top 5 Favourite Celtic Christmas Albums I Officially Have Bodhran Tipper Envy – Part 2 I Officially Have Bodhran ‘Tipper Envy’ – Part 1 Video Library What’s Is BodhranExpert Platinum Membership Program? Practice Just Got Alot Easier 10 Minutes A Day Practice Challenge – Who’s In? How I Got Musically UNSTUCK! Every Bodhran Player Will Want One! Buying A Bodhran – Part 1 (Bodhran Makers Of The World) Summer Bodhran Courses 2010 – Gaelic College BBC Virtual Session Bodhran Solo – Jig Section Notation (Updated June 2012) Free Online Metronomes Using A Metronome As A Practice Tool Join Me At The Gaelic College This Summer Bodhran Lesson: Secret To Playing With Dynamics Part 1 Hello world! ©2012 BodhranExpert. All Rights Reserved. We take your privacy very seriously. You can read our entire privacy policy here . By entering, you agree to terms and conditions found here . By entering your email address you are also requesting and agreeing to subscribe to our free email newsletter. Design [if lte IE 8]> <div id="ie_clear"></div> <![endif] 