Andover Educators® BEGIN NAV   Home Teachers Schedule About Articles Research Recommended Reading Links   END NAV begin the body BREADCRUMB BREADCRUMB BEGIN THE LOOP Bodymap.org is the home of Andover Educators , a not for profit organization of music educators committed to saving, securing, and enhancing musical careers by providing accurate information about the body in movement. Andover Educators use an innovative and specific technique called Body Mapping to enhance musicians’ abilities and to help those in pain or discomfort. Clear, concise, and practical information about how the body moves in order to make music is presented in the course “What Every Musician Needs to Know About the Body” or you can learn more about Body Mapping in private lessons with an Andover Educator. Andover Educators train musicians and music educators to accurately support and enhance movement in practice and performance with the goal of increasing ease while reducing and eliminating injury. Andover Educators teach in colleges, universities, conservatories , and private studios throughout the world and offer professional development workshops for musicians and music educators. All Andover Educators are musicians dedicated to helping other musicians and understand the struggles, both physical and mental, that musicians face in their careers. It is the hope of Andover Educators that this method of teaching will encourage wellness and enhanced performance among musicians. Vanessa Breault Mulvey, President Andree Martin, Vice President/President Elect Cynthia McGladrey, Treasurer James Blumer & Lynne Krayet-Luke, Co-Secretaries Members At Large: Ruth Kasckow (membership) Judy Palac (research) Ex-Officio / Immediate Past President Bridget Jankowski END THE LOOP Column one end Column two start Welcome to Andover Educators® Japan . Andover Educators 9th Biennial Conference at University of Redlands “Building Bridges Through Collaboration” Redlands, California June 20 – 23, 2019 Pre-Conference June 18 & 19 Dr. Bronwen Ackermann , Keynote Speaker In the News: Congratulations to Heather Buchanan the 2017 Barbara Conable Award recipient. Past winners of the Barbara Conable Away include Kurt-Alexander Zeller (2015) and Constance Barrett (2013). Follow Us on Facebook Site Administration Update Profiles and Schedules Wild Apricot Login Login Column two end end container 1 end container 2 end the body begin the footer Copyright 1999-2016 Andover Educators®   Contact Us    Home | Teachers | Schedule | About Us | Articles | Research | Recommended Readings | Links | Site Map end the footer end container 