Bret Boyer — musician: guitarist, songwriter Home Bio Recordings Teaching Press Gearbox Contact Paintings Subscribe Bret Boyer musician: guitarist, songwriter “Songs for Everyone” now available Bret’s latest CD features original songs for children and not-completely-grown-ups. The recording is now available from CDbaby.com and iTunes . { Comments on this entry are closed } Recently “ Memories and Stories ,” Bret’s first watercolor exhibit, was hosted at The Small World Gallery in Lindsborg, KS in 2013. Bret taught songwriting for Crown of the Continent Guitar Workshop & Festival in Big Fork, MT, in 2013. Bret’s arrangement of “We Three Kings” was featured in Premier Guitar Magazine . Bret served as a guest artist along with Paul Glasse for a recent Austin Mandolin Orchestra concert. Bret participated in “The Holland Guitar Project,” a grant-funded program of concerts and educational programs in the Austin public schools that celebrated the influence of 19th Century African American guitarist Justin Holland. The capstone event was a concert featuring Kim Perlak, David Hamburger, Kirby Kelley, and Bret. As part of the Smithsonian’s traveling exhibit “New Harmonies: Celebrating American Roots Music,” Bret gave a lecture on harmonica and performed a concert of roots-inspired music with bassist Mark Foley. Bret taught for National Guitar Workshop in Austin, San Francisco, Nashville, Purchase, NY and New Milford, CT. { Comments on this entry are closed } New Release! Bret's latest CD features original songs for children and not-completely-grown-ups. Bret (vocal, acoustic guitar, harmonica, slide guitar, toys) is joined by Dan Feiszli (acoustic bass) and Phil Hawkins (drums, percussion, cooking utensils, dishes, shoes, pinecone), with special guests Darren Dyke (double second steel pans), David Hamburger (electric guitar), Marcena Hawkins (vocal), Eddie Hobizal (organ), GinnyRae Joy (harmony vocal), Dan Torosian (saxophones), and Rick White (trumpet). Get smart with the Thesis WordPress Theme from DIYthemes. WordPress Admin [if lte IE 8]> <div id="ie_clear"></div> <![endif] 