Musical Director, Pianist Keyboard Professional, Arranger and Orchestrator:Brian Farley Brian Farley Musical Director, Pianist, Keyboard Player and Music Arrangements A professional Musical Director and pianist providing backing on piano or as a keyboard player on synthesizers for musicals, cabaret and other production shows. Written musical arrangements to order. end header As well as performing as a musical director and professional pianist, I am an Arranger and Orchestrator of music creating musical arrangements, band charts and orchestrations . I write for bands and solo artistes, and for artistes and production shows on cruise ships . I am also a music writer, producer and player for recording sessions and overdubs. A solo pianist for wedding ceremonies, receptions, anniversaries and other cocktail pianist functions. Accompaniment for auditions, music degree or grade examinations, dance classes or exams. Act doctor and consultant for programming content. Highly experienced over more than 25 years as a professional musical director and keyboard player / pianist in lots of forms of music crossing media including Theatre, Musicals (incl. 5 years of UK national tour of Evita ), Studio (performance and production), TV, and Luxury Cruise Liners production shows. Based in the UK but available worldwide, I sight-read and busk just about anything in any key on piano and/or keyboards, so feel free to explore for information using the links on the left, and E-mail me if you have a specific professional contractual requirement - backing musicals, tours, cruises, cabaret accompaniment, playing for auditions, recording, written scores, etc. You have found the site to aid you in whatever your live musical requirements may be. Don't forget, if you need a reliable sight reader and a specialist leader of musical accompaniment in any of the above areas, or an Orchestrator or Arranger , then contact: Pianist, Musical Director and Keyboard Player: Brian Farley By E-Mail or Tel: 01223 893322   end content Home Experience Music Arranger Orchestrations Cruise Ship Band Charts Friends E-MAIL end lhcol end main Brian Farley - Musical Director - Band Charts - Music Arranger - Orchestrator - Pianist and Keyboard Player end footer end wrap 