Bryan Lubeck | Spanish Guitar & Urban Grooves body start html embeds start body start html embeds end © 2017 by BRYAN LUBECK | 646.354.0644 | info@bryanlubeck.com | Chicago, IL Spanish Guitar - Urban Grooves - Pop Vocals Billboard Magazine's "Critics Choice" Dec 2006 BRYAN LUBECK Bryan's Musings Year In Review aka "What The Heck Happened?" 1/25/19 It was a great year on many levels - in the infographic below there are some great highlights and photos - thanks to all that helped make it another terrific year! :) Bryan's Musings How Did I Not Know This 11/03/2018 I'm One Of Billboard Magazine's Critics Choice? Who Knew! ​ I'll admit I don't always keep track of everything that is said about me.   In this day and age with everyone having a voice in real time the noise can be deafening.   ​ Every once in a while I do take some time to see what has been published, said (or not said) about me.   I don't take any of it personally as I can only do what I do and continue to try to be myself - a better self. ​ Found this little gem (timely considering the season) about my recording of "The First Noel" from my album We Three Strings.   It has been a radio holiday favorite for years but I had no idea Billboard Magazine named it one of only 6 "Critics Choice" singles that month (Dec 2006).  Honored by that call-out especially since i've remained an independent artist. Bryan's Musings Year End Radio Play Peaks 12/26/2017 Thanks Sirius/XM Satellite Radio!    Top 10 and #2.....   The album We Three Strings was the #2 most played CD on the Sirius/XM station Watercolors this year christmas eve/day. Also appears as if I was in the top 10 of artists played during that same time period. So thankful!   A breakdown of the songs played - still on cloud 9 about this... We Three Kings - 2 spins O Come Emmanuel - 4 spins Bring A Torch Jeanette Isabella - 4 spins   And  Johannes Linstead  propelled the album over the top with 5 spins of his fantastic version of What Child Is This. ​ Considering the incredible amount of artists also vying for the airwaves (most of them my musical idols and inspirations) its a pretty amazing accomplishment. ​ Thanks to all the fans for the support it wouldn't happen without you all An Official Endorser Of ​ ​ Godin Guitars ​ Cordoba Guitars ​ Sennheiser  ​ Lute Hole Guitar Soundhole Covers ​ Bose Performance Speakers (L1/L2) ​ Ergo Guitar Straps HOME MUSIC/VIDEO SHOWS NEWS GALLERY BIO EPK CONTACT More No Footer body end html embeds start body end html embeds end 