Scott Cawthon | Actor | Artist | Musician | Engineer Actor Musician Artist Engineer Other Interests Contact Me NAVIGATION Close Actor Musician Artist Engineer Other Interests Contact Me Scott Cawthon Contact Me Actor Musician Artist Engineer An Actor Photo Gallery Acting Reel 2014 AMTC SHINE Showcases Photography Slate A Musician I am a professional Great Highland Bagpiper of 50 years. My four brothers and I attended various Scottish Performing Arts schools during the summer months over the years. Some of these also had instructions for Highland dance and drumming. We received instruction from Pipe Major John MacKenzie, Seamus McNeil, John MacFadyn, and Capt. John MacLellan.  I have completed two music projects “Pipin’ Hot” and “Leaping Ghillies. I made the original “Piping Hot” in 1981 and remastered it and swapped out some tunes in 1990. The purpose of this effort was to demonstrate the Great Highland Bagpipe in different genres. I also added effects to draw the listener into the mood of the tune. I finished “Leaping Ghillies” in late 2013. This is Highland music for Highland dancers. This project was to break down the Highland dances to their different components. So, for example, you will find the quick time for the Sword Dance by itself at different tempos with a 4-beat count in. This allows the dancer to focus on the quick time and quickly access the music because it is on its own track. The tempos differ by four beats a minute, or one less hop every 15 seconds allowing a dancer to incrementally work down to the slower tempos as their strength increases. An Artist I cartooned for as long as I remember. I did comic strips, advertisements, newsletters, college paper, caricatures for retirements and parties. I even tried a getting my “Daily Doodle” comic strip syndicated. I am particularly fascinated and enjoy cartoon animation. I still watch parts of them one frame at a time. I dabble in animation, cartooning and caricatures, oil paints, graphics, whittling, and most recent, chalk talk art. This page contains some pictures of artwork and other creative projects I have done or am working on. I hope you enjoy it. Photo Gallery Sadness An Engineer My career is about as diverse as one can be.  Here are is a listing of some things I have done.  I never expected my life to end up as it has. Proverbs 16:9, “The mind of man plans his way, But the Lord directs his steps.” Job Positions Held (in alphabetical order) Application Programmer Plastics Design Engineer BRS Database Administrator Product Launch Engineer Chief Engineer Technical Consultant Production Shift Supervisor Circuit Board Layout Engineer Professional Artist & Musician College Physics Instructor Project Engineer Finite Element Analyst Quality Engineering State Senator Candidate IT Network Security Auditor Technical Script Writer IT Department Supervisor Test Engineer Manufacturer’s Representative – Sales Engineer Training Instructor – FMEA Oracle Database Administrator Unix Administrator (HP & Sun mainframe) Oracle Performance Tuning and Application Architecture Consultant Warranty Engineer Photo Gallery My Other Interests I have many interests. Unfortunately, there are too many to pursue in depth. I especially like visiting with people and talking about the work they do and how things work. Here is a small list of some of my interests: Bible Study Music Acapella Choirs Bagpipe & Celtic Music” Barbershop Bluegrass Christian Country Swing Gospel Quartets Exercise Aerobic Swimming Weight Training Sports Fencing (UofM Team member) Gymnastics Hockey Ice Skating Soccer (HFCC Team member Collegiate District Champions) Contact Me If you have any questions, feedback, comments, or would just like to hang out over a cup of coffee, feel free to use the form to send me a message. Facebook Twitter Google-plus Youtube Copyright 2019 - Scott Cawthon. Designed by Netpaths. [if lt IE 9]> <script type='text/javascript' src='https://www.cawthonscott.com/wp-content/themes/oceanwp/assets/js//third/html5.min.js?ver=1.0'></script> <![endif] 