CAROLYN ARENDS | Singer/Songwriter/Author/Speaker Header   .mslide .mslide .mslide .mslide .meteor-clip .meteor-slides Home Tour Calendar Tickets How to Book Carolyn Arends Tickets About Carolyn Press Room Bios Images Video Sites We Like Contact Releases New Album Discography Bibliography Lyrics database Theology in Aisle Seven Shop Main catalog Music (CDs & MP3s) MP3s (Single Songs) Performance Tracks (Downloadable) Charts & Sheet Music (Downloadable) Books Theology in Aisle Seven Parenthood Christmas Other Artists (Music) Other Authors (Books) Subscribe Contact / Header Main Body Main Column Eulogy Virtues (FT July/August Column) By Carolyn Arends, on August 6, 2018, 3:24 pm. I knew Ruth was an amazing cook. She was a fixture at Barnabas Family Ministries, the family camp on Keats Island we visit every summer – a steady, friendly presence who managed to feed an endless throng of campers wholesome, delectable meals without seeming to break a sweat. In recent years I noticed her roles were multiplying – among them developing an internship program and becoming the associate director of the camp. She seemed to be flourishing. In fact when we saw Ruth a few months ago, she looked radiant. There was a glint in her eyes and a lightness to her steps that made us suspect she was holding a secret as delicious as her meals. Just as we were leaving the camp, she spilled the beans. She had fallen in love with a widower named Carson. Weeks later we heard Carson and Ruth, with the blessing of their children, were to be married in June. Then in the middle of May Ruth suddenly became ill. A cancer that had been miraculously healed eight years earlier had returned. In eight days she was gone. It wouldn’t be right for me to attempt to tell the story of Ruth’s precious life here. That story belongs to her kids, her fiancé, her siblings, coworkers and closest friends. Besides, even if the story were mine to tell, I didn’t know Ruth well enough to be able to tell it properly. But what I can tell you is this. I suspect attending the service that celebrated Ruth’s life has genuinely changed mine. At Ruth’s memorial, as person after person shared their stories – a lot of them young adults – it became clear she had enriched and altered the course of innumerable lives. Under Ruth’s unpresuming watch her kitchen had been, for many, a haven, a hospital, a chapel, a therapist’s couch, a training ground and a dance party. Her influence had gone deep and remarkably wide. Her love for Jesus had been contagious. I hadn’t known any of that about Ruth. I had spent at least a week in her orbit every year for nearly a decade, and I had missed what was right in front of my eyes. I have a good excuse. My husband and I attend that camp as the adult speakers. The job is delightful, but the teaching schedule demanding. Often we are still adjusting parts of our new curriculum onsite, and it’s all we can do to keep up. I guess that’s why I never got to know Ruth as much as I now desperately wish I would have. And that’s why it wasn’t until her memorial service she was able to mentor me the way she had so many others. Ruth’s life confronts me with the reality that, while my work truly matters, camp is not the only place where my workload tends to eclipse my relationships. Her legacy asks me to assess my priorities. Her witness reminds me that practicing the presence of other people (much the way Jesus did) is the most important work God has given any of us to do. In his book  The Road to Character , David Brooks observes there are two sets of assets we can cultivate – resumé virtues and eulogy virtues. “The resumé virtues are the skills you bring to the marketplace,” he explains. “The eulogy virtues are the ones that are talked about at your funeral – whether you were kind, brave, honest or faithful. Were you capable of deep love?” So, what to do? I’ve decided to sit down and write an aspirational eulogy – a list of the sorts of things I hope people will say about me when I’m gone. On that list, I’m going to include the two words I heard repeated most often in descriptions of Ruth – “present” and “available.” Then I’m going to ask the Holy Spirit and the people closest to me to help me order my life in such a way that I begin to move more fully toward those eulogy virtues. More present. More available. More like Ruth. More like Jesus. Tags: eulogy; virtue; david brooks; barnabas - Categories: Writings [published articles] 14 comments - be the next! / Post Close Quarters (Mother’s Day Reflections) By Carolyn Arends, on May 13, 2018, 2:16 pm. My mom, my little brother, and me, circa 1970. This Mother’s Day, I find myself equally grateful for my own mom and for the blessing of being a mom. I wrote the following piece just a little over 20 years ago, when I … Continue reading Close Quarters (Mother’s Day Reflections) … Tags: mother's day , motherhood - Categories: blogging Leave a comment / Post A New Light on a Dark Friday Cry By Carolyn Arends, on March 29, 2018, 11:28 am. Today’s Throwback Thursday is a piece I have revisited each holy week over the past few years. As we remember Jesus’ anguished cry from the cross, we are once again extended an invitation to delve a little deeper into the mystery of just what he might have meant. Psalm 22, … Continue reading A New Light on a Dark Friday Cry … Tags: Good Friday , Old Testament , Princess Bride , Psalm 22 - Categories: Writings [published articles] Leave a comment / Post A Persistent Problem (New FT Column) By Carolyn Arends, on December 12, 2017, 4:44 am. Happy Second Week of Advent, Dear Friends. This season of waiting seems like an appropriate time to share my new Faith Today column – which asks How should we pray when God seems silent? Here it is … I am the mother of two very persistent children. … Continue reading A Persistent Problem (New FT Column) … Tags: Parables , persistence , Prayer , Suffering - Categories: Writings [published articles] 26 comments - be the next! / Post A Bonafide Life Hack – Join me in the Book Club By Carolyn Arends, on October 26, 2017, 8:03 pm. Generally, I don’t believe in “life hacks” – I figure all the things that really matter take good-old-fashioned effort and diligence. I have, however, found one “life hack” that really works … If you wish you could find a way to make room in your life for meaningful reading, you … Continue reading A Bonafide Life Hack – Join me in the Book Club … Tags: Book Club , C.S. Lewis , reading , Screwtape Letters - Categories: Renovare 2 comments - be the next! / Post     Older Entries » / Main Column Right Inner Sidebar Right Sidebar Welcome. Of all the blogs in all the towns in all the cyber-world, you walked into mine...and I couldn't be happier.  If we haven't  met, my name is Carolyn.  I am a singer/songwriter, author, speaker, college instructor, recent grad school graduate, wife, mother and slightly distracted driver. (I'm working on the driver part. Road safety is important.) I am also the Director of Education for Renovaré , a wide-reaching organization that encourages and nurtures spiritual renewal. I live in Surrey, BC with my husband Mark and our two kids, Ben and Beth. I love ideas and language (and chocolate).  I'm convinced that the Kingdom of Heaven is near, and I'm rather preoccupied with figuring out all the things that might mean. This is where I blog, and where, I hope, we get to know each other. Thanks for being here. [  MORE  ]                Subscribe – two options! 1. Get the blog and the newsletter! Subscribe to Carolyn’s blog and receive an email whenever she posts – as well as periodic newsletter updates on new releases, tours, etc.! Leave This Blank: Leave This Blank Too: Do Not Change This: Your email: 2. Get the newsletter only! Subscribe to Carolyn’s newsletter and receive periodic updates on new releases, tours, etc.! / Right Sidebar / Main Body / layout / container / wrapper Full Width Footer Recent Posts Eulogy Virtues (FT July/August Column) Close Quarters (Mother’s Day Reflections) A New Light on a Dark Friday Cry A Persistent Problem (New FT Column) A Bonafide Life Hack – Join me in the Book Club   Archives August 2018 May 2018 March 2018 December 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 May 2017 March 2017 December 2016 August 2016 June 2016 April 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 September 2015 July 2015 June 2015 April 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 October 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 February 2014 January 2014 October 2013 September 2013 July 2013 June 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 September 2012 December 2011 Categories blogging Free Stuff music Musings Renovare Uncategorized Writings [published articles]             Tags 20th Anniversary Project Advent Amy Grant Andrew Peterson Billy Graham Blasphemy C.S. Lewis Carolyn Arends Christianity Today Christmas Christmas: The Story of Stories Christmas Music church church calendar community Creation Creative Process Discernment Easter Eugene Peterson Evolution Frederick Buechner Good Friday Just Getting Started kickstarter Lent live music Lord's Prayer Old Testament Prayer Princess Bride Psalm 22 Regent College Rich Mullins Ronald Rolheiser Sesame Street Shaw songwriting Spencer Capier Suffering TexMex Theodicy Transfiguration Witness Worship Recent Comments Donna Safley : Thank you for the thought- provoking sharing and idea. Chris and Katie Hunter : Heaven is a wonderful place. We all can’t wait to see our Sa Judy Boyles : Very touching Carolyn and instructive. When I was young and Steve : Such a great article Carolyn, and I will always love your mu Holly Krantz : What a wonderful tribute to Ruth. All of your words speak wh Michael Hart : I was onsite @ Barnabas that holiday Monday when the news br Carolyn Arends : We're on the same page, Sandy. Love to you and yours. Copyright © 2019 Carolyn Arends - All Rights Reserved Design by webchyk . This website uses Linkable Title Html And Php Widget v1.2.6 Wordpress plugin developed by PepLamb (PepLamb.com) Powered by WPtouch: 4.3.37 mabv2.17.2 / Full Width Footer 