Celtic Rathskallions index We know what you’re probably thinking… “Not ANOTHER educational-family-folk-classical music duo where the performers play oboe, steel-string guitar, Celtic harp, autoharp, ukulele, mandolin, electric bass, bodhran, djembe, banjo, English horn, tin whistle and bagpipes, plus stepdance, dramatize original stories set to music, and do a whole bunch of humourous songs as well as lots of music.” Performance at PortLaoise Library, Ireland Well, if that’s the case, you’d be wrong, because honestly, this group is different!  Versatile musicians whose goal is to bring Celtic-rooted music, song, dance, drama, stories and culture to audiences of all ages, the Rathskallions have a special focus on working with schools and within communities, and have earned kudos for their concerts, workshops and collaborations. We invite you to explore, listen and check out our educational and musical merchandise. entry post Recent news Click on a title or image below to read more or click here to see even more entries from the Rathblog! Our May 2019 tour of the Maritime provinces is full: 15 shows in two weeks. Really looking forward to meeting new people and reconnecting with old friends. 23 Apr 2019 / Read more .entry .post We’re coming to The Maritimes We’re coming east from May 5 to May 18 and Wendy and I are VERY excited. It’s our favourite place to tour. We’ve got a full schedule of 15 shows. The schedule will be posted very soon when we confirm all the details. Meanwhile, we also offer evening house concerts for grownups as Moore & […] 28 Feb 2019 / Read more .entry .post The Rathskallions Ukulele Workshop 28 Feb 2019 / Read more .entry .post .news-home #mainOneContent #mainOne On the site Home The group Programmes Programme fees Calendar Listen Store Music lessons Tools Clippings Videos Fun stuff RathBlog Contact us #menu Up Next More show updates coming shortly! Generated by GigPress 2.3.23 See all dates » #subOneContent #subOne end #wrap ©2019 Celtic Rathskallions / celticrathskallions.ca #credits #footer google analytics 