 Menu Skip to content Home How to Join Information The Choirs Directors and Staff Our History Board of Directors Music Samples Events 2019 Spring Concert All Female Choral Festival Tours Past Tours Members Area Parent Portal Contact Us #masthead .site-header .entry-header The mission of the Chattanooga Girls Choir is to help girls become extraordinary young women through choral music education and artistic performance experiences. Chattanooga Girls Choir provides an exceptional musical education for girls in the greater Chattanooga area from 1st-12th grades. NOW ACCEPTING STUDENTS for our 2019-20 Season! If you have a daughter that is interested in becoming part of this wonderful organization click on “How to Join” above or email the  choir office for information. Make sure to sign up for our email list to be notified of  choir performances and happenings. How to Join the Chattanooga Girls Choir   Saturday, April 6, 2019 Performance 6:30pm – First Baptist Downtown (Gateway) CLICK HERE for More Information   Begin DWUser_EasyRotator Welcome To Chattanooga Girls Choir 2014 Summer Tour-Carneige Hall 2014 Summer Tour Choir 2012 - Winter Concert 2012 - World Choir Games (Cincinnati, Ohio) 2011 - Schönbrunn Palace (Vienna, Austria) 2011 - Blowing kisses at the Castle Guard! (Prague, Czech Republic) 2010 - Cantilena Singers rehearse 2008 - Tour choir with Dr. Rollo Dilworth (West Virginia) 2007 - Bella Voce Choir in Winter Concert modify the float on this element to make left/right/none=center aligned.       This jQuery slider was created with the free EasyRotator for WordPress plugin from DWUser.com. OK EasyRotator for WordPress End DWUser_EasyRotator     Our Supporters The Chattanooga Girls Choir is extremely fortunate to receive support and grants from these wonderful organizations and corporate donors. CGC is a funded agency of the Tennessee Arts Commission Save Save Save Save Save Save Save Save Save Save Save Save Save Save Save Save Save Save Save Save Save Save Save Save Save Save Save Save .entry-content .entry-meta #post-35 #content #primary .site-content EDELWEISS CAMPAIGN Please Consider a Monthly Recurring Donation EMAIL SIGN-UP Keep up to date on Girls Choir events and special offers. Sign Up Here #secondary .widget-area #main © 2019 | Proudly powered by WordPress | Theme: Skirmish by Blank Themes .site-info .site-footer .site-footer #page .hfeed .site 