Chesapeake Silver Cornet Brass Band - Entertain, Educate, Inspire Chesapeake Silver Cornet Brass Band       Home   Upcoming Events Gallery In School Programs Meet our Musical Director Listen to the Band Sponsor a Banner About Brass Bands Meet the Band Sponsors Musician Openings Favorite Links Press/Media Kit Current Officers MEMBERS ONLY Site Map Chesapeake Silver Cornet Brass Band PO Box 172, Hockessin, DE 19707 302-530-2915 chesapeakebrass@aol.com Check us out on FACEBOOK                                                                                                         Philip J. Hessler, age 76, of Newark, DE and Elkton, MD passed away surrounded by his loving family on May 10, 2019. Born in Wilmington, DE, Philip was the son of the late Dorothy (Carpenter) and Paul C. Hessler, Jr. He graduated with his bachelor’s and master’s degrees from the University of Delaware. Phil was a teacher at William Penn High School, North East High School, and Padua Academy. Aside from teaching, he was a talented woodworker, chef, and brass musician, performing with the Chesapeake Silver Cornet Brass Band, Johannes Brass Band, Navy Alumni Band, Newark Symphony, and the Swing City Band, among others. Phil was a veteran of the United States Navy serving during the Vietnam Era. xml:namespace prefix = "o" ns = "urn:schemas-microsoft-com:office:office" / Phil is survived by his wife of 42 years, Lynn N. Hessler; his daughters and their spouses, Jennifer H. Dillard and Michael J. Dillard of Phoenix, MD and Dr. Jessica L. Hessler and Kenneth J. Sturniolo of Clinton, NJ; his siblings, Dr. Paul C. Hessler, III, Dr. Stephen Hessler (Susan Gramling), Ann Winston (Robert) and Robert Hessler (Melinda). A Celebration of Life will be held at a later date. In lieu of flowers, the family suggests donations in Phil’s memory to the Chesapeake Silver Cornet Brass Band, P.O. Box 172, Hockessin, DE 19707.   Welcome to the Chesapeake Silver Cornet Brass Band Home Formed in 1996, the Chesapeake Silver Cornet Brass Band is comprised of amateur and professional musicians from New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Maryland, and Delaware. Following the brass banding tradition, we are an all-volunteer organization. The band performs a varied repertoire of contemporary and traditional brass band music throughout the Mid-Atlantic region. On April 13, 2013, the band won   First Place   in our division in the North American Brass Band Association Competition held in Cincinnati, Ohio. On March 30, 2012, the band won Second Place in our division in the North American Brass Band Association Competition, held in Cincinnati, Ohio. On April 17, 2010, the band won Second Place in our division in the North American Brass Band Association Competition in Raleigh, North Carolina.  On March 24, 2018, and again on March 23, 2019, the band won Runner Up in both years, in our division at the Dublin Festival of Brass in Dublin, Ohio   If you are an accomplished brass player or percussionist looking for a new challenge, we would like to talk to you. The Chesapeake Brass Band, a 30-piece, British style brass band located in Northern Delaware, has openings. Contact us at chesapeakebrass@aol.com or call 302-530-2915.   Copyright © Chesapeake Brass Band. All rights reserved. 