Cigar Box Guitars - Join the Revolution Home About History First Annual Cigar Box Guitar Festival Hall of Fame Museum Resources How To Build A Cigar Box Guitar How 2 Play a Cigar Box Guitar Tunings Strings n Things Other Plans/Links Pickup Workshop Piezo Transducer Workshops How to Make A Bottleneck Slide How to Make a Diddley Bow The Frugal Luthier 24.5″ Guitar Fretboard Scale Cigar Box Amp Musicians Ian Scott Shane Speal Seasick Steve Moreland & Arbuckle Elliott and the Untouchables Community Live Show Blog Videos Contact Advertise Comments Posts Home About History First Annual Cigar Box Guitar Festival Hall of Fame Museum Resources How To Build A Cigar Box Guitar How 2 Play a Cigar Box Guitar Tunings Strings n Things Other Plans/Links Pickup Workshop Piezo Transducer Workshops How to Make A Bottleneck Slide How to Make a Diddley Bow The Frugal Luthier 24.5″ Guitar Fretboard Scale Cigar Box Amp Musicians Ian Scott Shane Speal Seasick Steve Moreland & Arbuckle Elliott and the Untouchables Community Live Show Blog Videos Contact Advertise If you find this site helpful, please help and support us by making a donation. CigarBoxGuitars.com Welcome to CigarBoxGuitars.com The home base for the CIGAR BOX GUITAR community. This is the coolest music site on the net!!! All things Cigar Box Guitars. The home base for the Cigar Box Guitar community, Instruments, Players, Music, Members, Techniques, Festivals, Resources, Museum and More! The home base for the CIGAR BOX GUITAR community and Prim-Rock (primitive rock) movement. This is the coolest music site on the net!!! Download various plans for cigar box guitars in the “Files” section. Share building secrets, stories, history and more. Discuss playing techniques, too. We’re open to cigar box guitars, ukuleles, dulcimers, banjos and whatever else you can create. We always have a ton of mp3’s and pictures to download, too. THE REVOLUTION BEGINS HERE!!! Frequently Asked Questions! What is a cigar box guitar? Simply put, it’s a stringed instrument that uses an empty cigar box as it’s resonator. They are not necessarily of the same design as a normal 6-string acoustic guitar. For example, some cigar box guitars have only 1 or 2 strings. Many do not have frets up the neck, but are played fretless or with a slide. Who made cigar box guitars and why? The origins of most cigar box guitars stem from poverty. Many times, the builder was just a child who desperately wanted to rock out, but had no money to buy an instrument. Are there any rules to making and playing a cigar box guitar? Absolutely not! This is perhaps the most enduring trait of the instrument. This is not like a violin or piano that have snooty traditions attached. Creativity rules in cigar box guitardom. Remember, it was intuitive children with open minds who made the majority of these suckers. So why did the cigar box guitar lose it’s popularity with children? You’ve got to remember, most of these were made in the Depression Era. Kids (and adults) had no other choice but to invent the things they wanted. Workshops These are easy-to-follow plans that started the Cigar Box Guitar Revolution. Build a simple 3-string CBG using an empty box, a plank of wood (easily found at your local) some strings and tuners. more details. Find essay help online at UsEssayWriters.com Essay Mill – essay writing services. Shop the huge selection of electric guitar for sale at dhgate.com and get the guaranteed lowest prices and service. Established dissertation writing company MastersThesisWriting.com for graduate school students. Check AW here – a US Brand for Popular Wedding and Bridesmaid Dresses Top Seller Deal of the Day Amazon.com Widgets Resources Not only do cigar box guitars have a great history, these little guys deliver that authentic primitive blues sound...not to mention they're a heck of alot of fun to play! Build Your Own CBG THE REVOLUTION BEGINS HERE!!! - How To Build A Cigar Box Guitar - How 2 Play a Cigar Box Guitar - Tunings - Strings n Things - Other Plans/Links - Pickup Workshop - Piezo Transducer Gallery Check out the Cigar Box Guitar Gallery "Hall of Fame" Cigar Box Guitar of the Month Want to show off your latest Cigar Box Guitar project!. Email: Scotty with a hi-res photo/s and a brief description and I’ll add your creation the the Cigar Box Guitar Gallery. Recent Posts Cigar Box Guitar with Hidden Whiskey Mini-Bar Bohemian Guitars – Vintage Oil Can Guitars Seasick Steve one off gig in New Zealand in December Rant & Roll – Cigar Box Guitar “Cigar Box Guitars” author David Sutton Interviewed on FOX Chicago Nickel Cigar Box Guitar Punch 4 String Fretted Acoustic/ Electric … Follow CigarBoxGuitars.com Place this tag in your head or just before your close body tag Place this tag where you want the +1 button to render Support CigarBoxGuitars.com Tags blues cigar cigar-box Cigar box guitar electric fernando-amorim finecey first first-build- for-pups frank-paul free french gibson group guitar guitar-making guitars henry homemade instrument howto & style how to music instructions instrument instruments jazz juju lesson luthier make making mitchell morin most music neck nut-height peter-jackson radio rock rodney-fruits roger-morin scale-length scales see-playing Cigar Box Guitars © 2019 Cigar Box Guitars. All rights reserved. ngg_resource_manager_marker Global site tag (gtag.js) - Google Analytics 