Welcome | CNMAT Sign up for our list! Home New Music Research People Events Downloads Archive About Home New Music Research People Events Downloads Archive About cnmat_wordmark Welcome Recently on CNMAT News PLANETARIUM DOME AUDIOVISUAL INSTALLATION PLANETARIUM DOME AUDIOVISUAL INSTALLATION Date and Time: Friday, August 2nd, 8-10pm Location: Chabot Space and Science Center Planetarium https://chabotspace.org/light-first-friday-schedule/ Artist: Andrew Blanton read News News CNMAT partners with the TENOR Network The Center for New Music and Audio Technologies is pleased to be a partner in the Technologies of Notation and Representation (TENOR) Network and will be hosting related events at UC Berkeley in the 2019-20 academic year.   read News News Alice at Christie's Rockefeller Plaza NYC June 25-28, 2019 Alice is a four channel XR piece created by Media Artist Claudia Hart for exhibition with a Vive VR environment. This version was produced for The Transfer "Download," curated by Kelani Nichole, for a special presentation at Christie’s Rockefeller Plaza in conjunction with their ART + TECH Summit on AI from June 25–28, 2019. Music by Danielle DeGruttola Recording and Audio Mix by Edmund Campion Editing by Meredith Leich read News News ODOT IMMERSION COURSE   ODOT IMMERSION COURSE August 19-22, 2019 CNMAT, 1750 Arch St., Berkeley Instructors:  Jeff Lubow and John MacCallum, guest speakers Fee: $250 This course will guide students through the odot (o.) programming toolkit for Max/MSP. Odot was designed to support the rapid and robust development of time-based media / arts applications. This course is tailored to artists and developers from any background working with time-based media. read News News Workshop on Surface Transducers and Reembodied Sound Composition and Installation Workshop on Surface Transducers and Reembodied Sound Composition and Installation August 17-18, 2019 CNMAT, 1750 Arch St., Berkeley Instructor: Matthew Goodheart Fee: $150 A hands-on introductory workshop on the use of surface transducers/speakers. The workshop will cover current practices in composition and sound installation, technical issues surrounding transducer usage, and a practical introduction to techniques and processes. Topics: read News News Berkeley Rain at Berkeley BART Plaza Downtown Berkeley Running from April 18 through July 17, 2019, between 7 a.m. and 9 p.m., the downtown BART plaza will feature a new immersive sound installation called "Berkeley Rain" by composer and sound artist Edmund J. Campion. read News News LECTURER – Music Technology and Music Perception – Department of Music The Department of Music at the University of California, Berkeley invites applications for a pool of qualified temporary instructors to teach any of the following areas: Music and technology involving CNMAT technologies and Max/MSP programming. Special topic courses involving software programming for musical applications of computers. Music courses focusing on music perception and cognition. Music appreciation courses with an emphasis on music software and lab-based learning. read News People Carmine Emanuele Cella Carmine Emanuele Cella, is a composer and a researcher in applied mathematics. He studied at Conservatory of Music G. Rossini in Italy getting diplomas in piano, computer music and composition and then studied composition with Azio Corghi at Accademia S. View Profile Project Tone Tone is an analog audio feedback circuit with a tree-like array of three electret condenser microphones, a resonant loudspeaker, 9V amplifier, and a waveguide. This circuit is configured with the loudspeaker pointed upward at the mic array which produces audio feedback. The pipe configuration is situated above the loudspeaker/resonant chamber. The loudspeaker consists of a single 4Ω coil and raised glass sphere. When a participant walks around the device a Helmholtz-like standing wave is disrupted and produces different frequencies as a result. view Project Project Magnetic Resonator Piano In Spring 2019 Jeremy Wagner set out to build a piano resonating device for upcoming research projects and performances by CNMAT composers.  This work draws heavily on prior design work by Per Bloland, et al. with some improvements specific to upcoming CNMAT projects.  The design brief called for a device meeting the following criteria: view Project Project Bloom Bloom is a flower-like analog oscillator on a transparent substrate comprised of three piezoelectric transducers, one transistor, one 3V battery, three LEDs, three photoresistors, and three resistors. This circuit is configured in a feedback loop which allows it to self-oscillate and produce variable light/sound sequences. The transparent substrate and stem-like conductive trace design gives each component an aesthetic quality. Photoresistors on the piezo elements provide subtle interaction by changing the electrical resistance when light is more or less present. view Project News Cella selected as finalist in 2019 Basel Composition Competition UC Berkeley faculty composer Carmine-Emanuele Cella was selected as a finalist in the 2019 Basel Composition Competition . His piece "Verso la fine del Giorno" was performed on 22 February 2019. read News Upcoming Events begin feed container Event Workshop on Surface Transducers in Music and Sound Art Sat, August 17, 2019, 10:00am to Sun, August 18, 2019 8:00pm CNMAT 1750 Arch St , Berkeley , CA , 94709 US view Event Event ODOT IMMERSION COURSE 2019 Mon, August 19, 2019, 10:00am to Thu, August 22, 2019 8:00pm CNMAT 1750 Arch St , Berkeley , CA , 94709 US view Event end feed container Browse More Events CENTER FOR NEW MUSIC AND AUDIO TECHNOLOGIES 1750 Arch Street Berkeley, California 94709 General Links University of California, Department of Music University of California, Berkeley Berkeley Arts + Design Member Services Login All contents © CNMAT unless otherwise specified. Site designed by Agile Humanities in association with Intelligent Machines . badge_full 