Craig Anderson Guitars - Home ﻿ Craig Anderson Guitars United States craig @craigand ersonguit ars .com Home Music / CDs Music Samples Guitars For Sale News and projects Guitars/pricing About me Contact me Home I am very excited to announce that Lars Whitman will be carrying on the torch for Craig Anderson Guitars! I have handed over everything to Lars and he will be building his own guitars starting with the same models I have built.   Lars will be announcing his new business (including a new brand name) in the upcoming months.  Stay tuned to this website for links to see and hear more as things develop.   Meanwhile, I have been concentrating on playing guitar (my first love) and I have produced my first CD!  You can buy it online at the link below.   Buy my new CD. Click here!   See the review of my CD by Dan Bolles of 7 Days! It features 3 of my instruments as well as all original songs. ﻿       Thanks to everyone for helping to make this a great guitarmaking  journey.   Thanks, Craig     Here's a 22 fret, 20" scale, 8 string mantar I made that is tuned the same as the highest 4 strings of a 12 string guitar (at the moment I have it tuned to the highest 4 strings of a dadgad tuning - dgad)   Check out this archtop/flatback guitar.  It has great sustain and a big flattop bass with the sweet archtop highs.   BARRY CLEVELAND ﻿ of Guitar Player magazine did an article featuring 10 luthiers and I was among them. Here is a link to the article. http://www.guitarplayer.com/article/ten-forward-thinking-luthiers-at-the-2011-montreal-guitar-show/5305﻿   The article was also in the October issue of Guitar Player.                 I used recovered Vermont covered bridge beams in all my guitars!  The spruce that comes from these bridges is just beautiful.  All my bracing  and some tops came from this unique and earth friendly source!     Below is a link to Premier Guitars' video of Don Ross playing my guitar at the 2010 Montreal Guitar Show. Check it out! http://www.youtube.com/user/premierguitar?blend=7&ob=4#p/u/44/efpk-9fBDp4   Enjoy my site and stay in touch.  Craig . Click the image above to buy my new CD! Copyright 2010 Craig Anderson Guitars. All rights reserved. Web Hosting by Yahoo! Craig Anderson Guitars United States craig @craigand ersonguit ars .com 