Cubensis - Live Grateful Dead Music Home About Cubensis Current Band Members Cubensis History & Alumni Show Calendar News & Reviews Media LIve Music Vault Photo Gallery Video Gallery Contact Home About Cubensis Current Band Members Cubensis History & Alumni Show Calendar News & Reviews Media LIve Music Vault Photo Gallery Video Gallery Contact Another road trip! Join us Friday July 25 at Michael's on Main in Soquel, CA and Sat July 27 at Terrapin Crossroads Saturday July 27 at Terrapin Crossroads with Jerry's Middle Finger and the China Cats. Gate open noon. All ages What a long, strange trip it still is!   There's a band out on the highway  -- For 32 years, and  over 4000 performances,  Cubensis has brought the sights and sounds of Jerry Garcia and the Grateful Dead to Southern California and beyond! Join us for a family celebration of the music and culture that continues to strengthen the bond between the members of our community. Cubensis is now recognized as the longest continually-performing Dead tribute in the nation! Cubensis has been acclaimed for giving new life to the Grateful Dead's material, bringing in new styles, new innovations, and new jam band enthusiasts, while at the same time remaining loyal to the original music and the original fans. Below you'll find a quick-access main calendar, plus a section with significant upcoming shows highlighted and detailed. Check back often for updates, and feel free to explore the rest of the site! As a fan once said, "There ain't no place I'd rather be!" NEXT up... Fri July 26 Cubensis at Michael's on Main in Soquel Fri July 26 High praise “ Cubensis -- Los Angeles’s Deadhead heart for thirty years ” — Dennis McNally (Grateful Dead publicist) “ Cubensis plays with the same laid-back mastery as the real McCoy” — LA WEEKLY “ These guys were on phire as usual...they were high-steppin' into town!” — Alan Holden fans have their say on facebook BEGIN: Constant Contact Email List Form Button Join Our Mailing List! Design by Web Precision Internet Services  for Cubensis 2017 Powered by Bandzoogle Google Analytics 