Delaware Master Luthier Guitar Repair – Master Luthier, Instrument & Electronics Repair, Custom Instruments Master Luthier Instrument & Electronics Repair Contact Dana 302 439 3677 dana@danamusic.com Home About For Sale Testimonials Services Contact Blog "Dana has my restored and repaired many instruments for me. He is honest and thorough. He has brought back some instruments from the dead." - Michael "Dana is simply the best, nobody comes close." "I'm a professional guitarist and need my guitars to be set up perfectly. I won't allow anyone but Dana to touch my guitars. He's done set ups and refrettings for me for years with perfection. I highly recommend Dana for any work you need whether it is just a set up or an extensive repair." "Dana's work is the best I've ever encountered." "Dana's work is absolutely unparalleled. Knowledge, passion, craftsmanship, artistry are just the tip of the iceberg in explaining his work. Dana Is the only person who touches my guitars, period. His work is nothing less than true art at it's best." - Chris "In my opinion there isn't a more skilled craftsman for stringed instruments anywhere. His attention to detail, virtual encyclopedic knowledge and passion for his work make him the best." - Mark "I played Dana's guitars for 18 years. The guy is one of the nicest guys in Rock; he just flat out rocks. Oh and by the way, his guitars are the shizzle too. And you can take that to the bank." - Jon E. Love "He is a true Master Luthier and a great guy too! He even picked up and delivered! And he did the repairs in a most timely manner. Highly recommend him for guitar service large and small." - Erica Previous Next Dana's March 2017 Vintage Guitar Magazine Interview Dana has an interview in the Current March 2017 Issue of Vintage Guitar Magazine. To read it online, click here <h1>About Dana Sutcliffe</h1> <p>In the beginning, musically speaking, Dana Sutcliffe was a classically trained pianist, a fledging drummer and painfully poor saxophone player. And, he played the guitar, which eventually won out over all the other instruments.</p> <p>Throughout his 30-plus year career, Dana has dabbled in and mastered many aspects of the world of guitar construction, customization...</p> <a class="btn" href="about">Read More</a> The Loar! Click here to read about Dana’s experience with an original Gibson F-5 Loar! Services Electric Guitar & Bass Repair Acoustic Guitar & Bass Repair Mandolin, Banjo, Ukelele, Baglama & Dobro Repair Strict Historic Restoration Protocal Tube Amplifier Repair Vintage Amplifier Restoration Custom Guitar Electronics Pickup Repair & Design Read More Make an Appointment Testimonials Read Dana's reviews at RepairMyGuitar.com Here's another voice in the choir of voices happy with Dana's work. My Gibson J100 was un-tunable due to neck warp. Dana replaced the frets, straightened the neck, and otherwise fixed the guitar so that it sounds great (at least when played by others). Thanks Dana. Chris K dana is simply the best. nobody comes close Jones Purcell My guitar was snapped in half. Crushed. I was in a car accident back in 2006 and I was put in the hospital for several days. My guitar that i had since 1989 was destroyed. I went to Dana and asked him if there was anything that could be done. He looked at it briefly and said...'I can fix this no problem.' I have to admit I teared up a bit when he said that. I recently saw the pic of my guitar on his website & I am amazed and absolutely blown away. She looks fantastic. She ('LIZ') is back!!! After a tear or two I sent him an email thanking him. Thank you Dana from the bottom of my heart. You are in a league all by yourself. Your work is unsurpassed. Paul Lewis Dana is the best!!! His work is very high quality and he goes out of his way to provide excellent customer service. He has worked on three guitars and a mandolin for me, and they always play better when he is done. One reason I attribute to his great work is that he is an outstanding player. He can pick up your guitar and tell you how he recommends setting it up, or set it up to your preferences. Why else would he have 18 top ratings (and more to come)!!! Mark K Sounds like you have the reputation and experience. That is one thing that I dont have, entirely self taught and know nothing about other guitars etc. I admire those who have taken the time and effort to acquire this kind of skill. Kudos Brian Brian Sutcliffe I have a pretty large collection of high end and vintage basses, and I'm pretty picky about the setup and condition of my instruments. Dana is the only person I trust with my basses. One quick story: I had a Gibson Ripper with a bad pickup. Ripper pickups are potted in epoxy, and I had several pickup experts around the country (including some who you have heard of) tell me that it was impossible to fix them. Dana told me "no problem" and did the job in 2 weeks. He is THE MAN. Steve Wood Dana while working at his own repair shop in Christiana De, always re-dressed frets set intination,no one was better.He also created his own pick-up called the Detenator. The best by far in guitar repair in the region. Brian Bluman Dana is the ONLY guy I take my guitars to. He works with you and around the style you play to get the best sound, playability and quality out of your instrument. He regularly works on my Martin 000-16 and recently restored my 1938 Epiphone Deluxe. This job was a TOTAL restoration and included everything you can think of. This baby sings now and can't imagine of taken it somewhere else. You won't find better work than Dana. 5 Stars. Rory Sullivan I've used Dana, for maintenance and repair. Always a quick turnaround, which is important when you need your guitar, every weekend. Simply the best. Keith Ayars Dana's work is absolutely unparalleled. I've known Dana over 22 yrs. In that time he's built and or "Bettered" every Guitar I own. Knowledge, Passion, Craftsmanship, Artistry are just the tip of the iceberg in explaining his work. Dana Is the only person who touches my guitars period. And his is the only name I give to anyone who wants to maintain or improve their instrument or amp. Instead of Master it should be PHD Luthier. His work is nothing less than true art at it's best. Chris Gray Home About For Sale Testimonials Services Contact Blog ©2019 Delaware Master Luthier Guitar Repair Website Design and Development by: 