 Dancing Feet Ceilidh Band. Dancing Feet Ceilidh Band: Funky two piece band in Angus/Perthshire/Fife Home About Wedding Packages Our Music Your Ceremony Testimonials FAQ Booking Info CONTACT US! "We loved the music, your style and friendliness." Dancing Feet Ceilidh Band  Professional Ceilidh Band based in Kirriemuir, Angus. Available to play in Perthshire, Fife, Edinburgh, Highlands, Aberdeenshire and throughout UK! Scottish Ceilidh Wedding Band, Great for all functions, parties festivals and events! "You made it very special: your musicianship and style were absolutely outstanding." St Andrews Day Street Ceilidh 2014 Photo credit Jane Barlow/St Andrews Partnership If you are looking for a ceilidh band with energy and enthusiasm to fill your dance floor then you have come to the right place! When Dancing Feet Ceilidh Band are unleashed, you are in for a night of wild dancing and intoxicating music. They’ve taken the music back to its roots and breathed new life into it with a unique lineup of fiddle, pipes, flute, sax, guitar, and cajon. Their creative use of live looping creates a sound that is both great to dance to and listen to! Watch our new Video here! Here is a band to host your night with warmth, humour and approachability - Their relaxed stage presence and friendly approach to calling puts everyone at their ease, ensuring a full dance floor for the night Check out our wedding packages - choose one of our suggestions or design your own, from ceremony (including highland pipes), drinks reception, wedding breakfast, and of course your evening ceilidh, with the option of your own DIY disco. Photo credit Paul Watts/St Andrews Partnership Dancing Feet ceilidh band also play in Europe, and regularly tour in France, Germany and Spain - calling in French and German! Balfolk can also be included. To book contact us now for Dates & Rates. Come and see us live - go to our FB page for dates of our public performances, like our page to keep updated! Get in Touch!  Email: mail@dancingfeetfolkarts.com     Call: 01575 574980 or 07747 811432 Like our Page! Copyright © 2019 Dancing Feet Ceilidh Band. All rights reserved. 