Dan Dugmore Stephanie Chapman wrote this song about Dan! Originally from California Dan Dugmore worked as a member of Linda Ronstadt's Band for 14 years as well as being an active member of James Taylors Band for 11 years. Dan is a multi-talented musician playing Pedal Steel, Lap Steel, Dobro, Electric and Accoustic Guitars, Banjo and Mandolin. In addition to his work with Linda and James, Dan has a very large discography of work with other artists. Including David Crosby, Trisha Yearwood, Deana Carter, Tim McGraw, Nitty Gritty Dirt Band, Neil Diamond, Matraca Berg, Suzie Bogguss, Faith Hill, Patty Loveless, Stevie Nicks, Billy Ray Cyrus, Kim Richey and many many more. Dan enjoys collecting Vintage Guitars, Horseback Riding, Bicycling and spending time on his 66 acres farm just outside of Nashville, Tennessee where he has lived with his family since October of 1991. He is currently working in Nashville as a Studio Musician and for the past two years has received nominations by Leadership Music's Nashville Music Awards. For Stringed Instrumentalist Of The Year. Below are some photo's and information of some of his work and travels as well as his new CD, and you can order yours here. More will be added soon! So stay tuned! Gibson Southern Jumbo 1949 / Gibson LG2 1949 Fender 1000 1957 I like Vintage Accoustic Guitars better because the wood they used back then was aged longer. The Luthiers, which are Guitar Makers, took more time building each guitar, so the craftmanship is outstanding. When Guitars are played it breaks down the the interior wood fibers and the tone improves. The Tone is magnified when you record it so you get really great sounding records. Vintage Electric Guitars had a Nitro Cellulose finish, which actually allowed the wood in the guitar to breath. But now because of the Ozone Dangers the guitar manufacturers are no longer able to use that finish. The old Pickups were hand wound. The present day pickups are wound on machines so here again you get a different tone quality. You are the counter Friend to stop in! Come back again! ©2019 / Dan Dugmore Please do not take anything from these pages without the owners consent. Thanks. This page was created by 