David Gilmour | The Voice and Guitar of Pink Floyd | Official Website     Saturday 22nd June 2019 David on the Today Programme David appeared on BBC Radio 4's Today programme this morning at 8.22am, along with ClientEarth CEO James Thornton. Click here to listen (UK only). Friday 21st June 2019 David's Guitars Break Records in Combating Climate Change Yesterday's auction, by Christie's in New York, of David's guitar collection raised millions for ClientEarth, the organisation pledged to combat climate change, but the result was even better than expected. The highly anticipated auction of more than 120 instruments and artefacts from David's personal collection created great excitement in the auction room as new record prices were set for contemporary musical instruments, achieving a final total of $21,490,750, including buyer's premium. Described as 'the most valuable collection of musical instruments ever sold at auction', the auction attracted astronomical bids from 2,000 bidders from 66 countries. As predicted, the instruments most closely associated with iconic recordings such as Wish You Were Here and The Dark Side of the Moon achieved high prices, the highest being the $3.9 million paid for David's 'Black Strat' Fender Stratocaster, setting a world auction record for any guitar. David described the result as "brilliant and unbelievable", reiterating his support for ClientEarth in their cause to use the law to bring about real change. ClientEarth, a charity that uses the power of the law to protect the planet and its people, comprises lawyers and environmental experts who are fighting against climate change and to protect nature and the environment. ClientEarth CEO James Thornton said: "This is a truly humbling and extraordinary gift, which goes beyond our wildest expectations. It's difficult to express just how deeply grateful we are to David for choosing ClientEarth as the beneficiary of this historic auction. The law is one of the most powerful tools we have to tackle the world's increasing environmental problems. This gift is a phenomenal boost to our work using the law to tackle climate change and protect nature. It will allow us to play an even greater role in addressing the climate crisis and securing a healthy planet for future generations". Click here for more information on ClientEarth. The excitement around this guitar sale was expressed in some of the records broken. David's acoustic Martin D-35 sold for $1,095,000 – a new world auction record for a C.F. Martin guitar. The 1954 White Fender Stratocaster #0001 used on several recordings, including Another Brick in the Wall (Part 2) , sold for $1,815,000, while the 1955 Gibson Les Paul, also famous for the solo on Another Brick in the Wall (Part 2) , sold for $447,000, a new auction record for a Gibson Les Paul. A rare Gretsch White Penguin 6134 purchased by David in 1980 realised $447,000 – a new auction record for a Gretsch. Christie's declared all to be "world musical instruments auction records". In the months leading up to the auction, over 12,000 fans booked hour-long time slots at the tour stops in London, Los Angeles and New York to see the guitars in person. More than 500,000 people having viewed the content of the sale on Christies.com, the start of the sale had to be delayed for an hour to accommodate the unprecedented number of bidders who queued around the block to attend. Wednesday 19th June 2019 Christie's Guitar Auction – A Message From David Friday 14th June 2019 Christie's Guitar Auction – Open For Viewing Discover The David Gilmour Guitar Collection in New York until Wednesday 19th June. Book your free entry ticket here . Wednesday 12th June 2019 Christie's Guitar Auction – Answers To Your Questions Our thanks to everyone who sent in questions on social media for David about the upcoming #GilmourGuitars charity auction at Christie's on Thursday 20th June. You can read David's answers here . Friday 7th June 2019 Christie's Guitar Auction – Are You Ready? The David Gilmour Guitar Collection opens in New York on Friday 14th June. Book your free entry ticket here . Thursday 30th May 2019 Christie's Guitar Auction – 'The Black Strat' Of all the instruments in The David Gilmour Guitar Collection, it is an off-the-shelf standard model black Stratocaster that has served him the longest as both a performance and a recording tool, appearing on every Pink Floyd album from 1970 to 1983 and all four of his solo albums to date. Read about 'The Black Strat' – a rock icon here . Monday 27th May 2019 David Gilmour Podcast Ahead of The David Gilmour Guitar Collection auction at Christie's in New York on Thursday 20th June, David is releasing three podcasts featuring conversations with Matt Everitt about the guitars. Subscribe to the podcast here . Tuesday 7th May 2019 Christie's Guitar Auction – LA Preview In advance of the New York sale, select guitars from The David Gilmour Guitar Collection are now on view in Los Angeles until Saturday 11th May. Entry is free and there's no need to book. Tuesday 30th April 2019 Christie's Guitar Auction – Favourite London Moments The David Gilmour Guitar Collection exhibition in London saw many people rock out on the Signature Black Stratocaster; click here to view a compilation. Select guitars will be on display at Christie's Los Angeles gallery from 7–11 May. Entry is free and there's no need to book. Thursday 25th April 2019 Unplugged – David Gilmour and his acoustic guitars As the tour of The David Gilmour Guitar Collection hits Los Angeles (Tuesday 7th May), you can discover the acoustic guitars that have played such an important part in David's development as a musician, and in some of his most famous songs. Click here to find out more. Friday 12th April 2019 David Gilmour: Live in Gdańsk on YouTube David's DVD playlist for Live in Gdańsk is now available on his YouTube channel. You can visit the playlist here . Friday 5th April 2019 David Gilmour: My life in guitars – Updated David Gilmour plucks some pearls of wisdom from his long history with guitars in a special story on Christies.com that showcases The David Gilmour Guitar Collection in full. Discover the stories behind guitars ahead of the auction in New York on 20 June, as well as anecdotes about his first guitar, his early heroes, and a little-known fact about David Gilmour's role at the 1970 Isle of Wight Festival. The full catalogue of the collection is available to view on Christies.com. Thursday 28th March 2019 Virtual Tour: The David Gilmour Guitar Collection Explore the London exhibition of David's guitar collection via the virtual tour on Christies.com. Click here to visit. Wednesday 27th March 2019 The David Gilmour Guitar Collection with Matt Everitt Live from London: Take a guided tour of The David Gilmour Guitar Collection with BBC Radio 6 Music presenter Matt Everitt. Wednesday 27th March 2019 David Gilmour: My life in guitars David Gilmour plucks some pearls of wisdom from his long history with guitars in a special story on Christies.com that, for the first time, showcases The David Gilmour Guitar Collection in full. Discover the stories behind guitars that will be on display in the exhibition at Christie's London (27-31 March) ahead of the auction in New York on 20 June, as well as anecdotes about his first guitar, his early heroes, and a little-known fact about David Gilmour's role at the 1970 Isle of Wight Festival. The full catalogue of the collection is now available to view on Christies.com. Tuesday 26th March 2019 Christie's Guitar Auction – Trailer Christie's have just released this trailer for The David Gilmour Guitar Collection. Friday 15th March 2019 Christie's Guitar Auction – London Preview Exhibition In advance of the New York sale, the entire David Gilmour Collection will be exhibited at Christie's London followed by highlights in Los Angeles and will conclude with a full preview in New York. The world tour of The David Gilmour Guitar Collection will launch at Christie's London (8 King Street, London SW1Y 6QT) on Wednesday 27th March , where you can preview David's personal collection of over 120 guitars, to be auctioned later this year in New York – including the legendary 'Black Strat' played on The Dark Side of the Moon , Wish You Were Here , Animals , and The Wall . The sale is the largest and most comprehensive collection of guitars to be offered at auction, with proceeds to benefit charity. The exhibition is free and open to all, but reservations are required – please book your preferred date and time via this link . Wednesday 6th March 2019 Christie's Guitar Auction Catalogue available for pre-order In what is bound to be a heavily-subscribed issue, Christie's the auctioneers have announced that they are making available for pre-order the catalogue for David's charity guitar auction. As you would imagine for a sale of this importance, the catalogue will feature a photo of each of the 120+ guitars under the hammer, each with a description of the guitar's provenance and history. The descriptions vary in length, with some going into much detail, including previously unpublished anecdotes. Pre-order the catalogue at this link to get an item that is certain to be appreciated by guitar lovers around the world, whether or not participating in David's historic charity auction. Please note that catalogues will not be despatched until the week commencing 13th May . Tuesday 29th January 2019 Christie's to Auction more than 120 of David's Guitars for Charity in New York on Thursday 20th June 2019 – https://www.christies.com/auctions/the-david-gilmour-collection David playing 'The Black Strat' for the 'Live at Abbey Road' series, 29th August 2006. Photo: Polly Samson. Christie's auctioneers will be hosting an auction of some of the highlights of David's personal guitar collection on Thursday 20th June 2019 in New York. Focussing on a selection of David's guitars, including Fenders, Gibsons and Martins, amongst others, the auction will be led by David's historic 'Black Strat', his 1969 black Fender Stratocaster, with which he is closely associated. The sale will be the largest and most comprehensive collection of guitars to be offered at auction, with all sale proceeds benefitting charitable causes. A global tour of the collection will launch in London at Christie's, King Street, from March 27-31, 2019, where the full collection will be on display, followed by highlights in Los Angeles May 7-11, and then the New York sale preview ahead of the auction from June 14-19. During the exhibitions, sound experience will be provided by Sennheiser. David said: "These guitars have been very good to me and many of them have given me pieces of music over the years. They have paid for themselves many times over, but it's now time that they moved on. Guitars were made to be played and it is my wish that wherever they end up, they continue to give their owners the gift of music. By auctioning these guitars I hope that I can give some help where it is really needed and through my charitable foundation do some good in this world. It will be a wrench to see them go and perhaps one day I'll have to track one or two of them down and buy them back!" Gavin Elder has directed a short film of David talking about his guitars. View it here . For more details, please visit: https://www.christies.com/auctions/the-david-gilmour-collection Thursday 7th June 2018 We are very happy to announce that Polly Samson has been made a Fellow of the Royal Society of Literature. For nearly 200 years, the RSL has celebrated and nurtured all that is best in British literature, past and present. Polly's current fellows include Margaret Atwood, Martin Amis and Rose Tremain. Fellows are given a choice of pens with which to sign the register from TS Eliot, Lord Byron and George Eliot. Polly signed using a pen that once belonged to one of Britain's greatest ever poets, Lord Byron. Follow Polly Samson on Instagram here . delicious digg facebook reddit stumpleupon     This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. Find out more . Privacy | T&Cs | David Gilmour Privacy Policy | Copyright David Gilmour Music Ltd. All rights reserved. Google Code for David Gilmour Tag Remarketing tags may not be associated with personally identifiable information or placed on pages related to sensitive categories. For instructions on adding this tag and more information on the above requirements, read the setup guide: google.com/ads/remarketingsetup 