Desktop Music Service-Music Typesetting and Editing. '"AWS"' Auto Banner Insertion Begin Sign In Sign-Up Welcome! Close Would you like to make this site your homepage? It's fast and easy... Yes, Please make this my home page! No Thanks   Don't show this to me again. Close Auto Banner Insertion Complete THANK YOU Logo DESKTOP MUSIC SERVICE Music Typesetting and Editing Navigation below Title Home Music Typesetting Music Editing Obtaining Service Links Contact Us Large copy      You spent 8 hours at work, an hour stuck in traffic, and they gave you the wrong order at the drive-up window. Which music would you rather read? Graphics in center of the page This? Or this? Click here to see a multi-measure comparison Main copy    An illegible manuscript doesn't do anybody any good... ...and no matter how careful you are with your notation, reproduction can still be a problem.    At Desktop Music Service, we believe that your music is important. That's why we specialize in music typesetting and music editing, so that your instrumental, vocal, or choral music can be performed and enjoyed by others.    Whether you are a music publisher, or a budding tune smith, your manuscripts can be transformed into clean, typeset copy that looks, and reads, just the way you want it.    Using Finale ™ , we can supply you with specialized fonts for titles, music editing marks, and alternate music notation.      Best of all, your finished score can be produced at any size you desire and will be camera ready for best reproduction.    Don't have another rehearsal bog down while the performers try to decipher what they should do next... Contact Desktop Music Service today. Page links For further information: Music Typesetting Obtaining Service Music Editing Links Footer DESKTOP MUSIC SERVICE Music Typesetting and Editing E-Mail:   Postmaster@deskmuserv.freeservers.com URL:   http://deskmuserv.freeservers.com Entire Contents ©1999-2005 Bob Gay Last Updated 05/05 For site questions, contact:   webmaster Counter and Credits 38807 Website Design and Maintenance by Desktop Webworks CLOSING PrintTracker Insertion Complete Google Analytics Insertion Begin Google Analytics Insertion Complete 