Dont Look Now Party Band for Hire Berks | Live Wedding Music Bracknell body start html embeds start body start html embeds end DONT LOOK NOW PARTY BAND Rock 'n' Roll, Pop & Soul Welcome to the Don't Look Now Band website!  We are the go-to band for providing live entertainment for weddings, parties, anniversaries and private functions in Berkshire, Surrey, Hants, Bucks, Middlesex, the South East, and nearby areas. We have over 24 years of experience playing professionally at various events, and we have over 200 SONGS  in our repertoire ranging from the Rock & Roll of the mid-50’s, British Rhythm & Blues from the 60's, classic rock of the 70’s, New Wave music of the 80’s, Indie Rock and Britpop of the 90's, and the very best of what the 00’s has to offer. From The Beatles to Pharrell Williams, you'll have a veritable jukebox to liven up your parties! We are a band of talented and experienced musicians who can adapt our performance to whatever the audience demands, regardless of the age, venue, or theme of the event & we know we have  just what it takes to get everyone from toddlers to granddads up on the dance floor & make sure that your special event is a night to remember! ​   Our repertoire includes tracks from every year from 1954 up to the present day & we can tailor our show to suit customers needs, providing a musical journey fit for any occasion. If you take a look at our  TESTIMONIALS  page you will see that we have had some great feedback from many satisfied customers who have enjoyed our mix of classics from acts such as:- Elvis, The Beatles, The Rolling Stones, The Kinks, T-Rex, Stevie Wonder, Robert Palmer, Madness & The Jam, as well as more recent acts like Oasis, Stereophonics, Snow Patrol, David Gray, Coldplay, The Killers, Olly Murs, Gnarls Barkley, Pharrell Williams & Ed Sheeran.   We are easy to work with, carry ourselves very professionally on and off-stage, and we deliver an engaging and crowd-pleasing performance. We will even carry on playing until the early hours of the morning if required! If you would like to discover more about our services or just have a quick chat to know the band more, please don’t hesitate to give us a call. We will always be happy for an opportunity to play at your next event. You can get in touch by phone, email, text or fill out the form on our CONTACT US page.  We'd love to hear from you!  ​ Contact Martin on:- 07808 455860 martin.montague@virgin.net HOME SONG LIST TESTIMONIALS SHOWS VIDEOS MUSIC GALLERY CONTACT More No Footer body end html embeds start body end html embeds end 