The Exclusive Strings Skip to main content Home About us Concept Production Team Support References Photos Videos Agenda Info show Formulas Contact The Violin Sensation of the year Power Passion and spirit Performed more than 1.000 shows worldwide Winner of the music category "Beat the Best " Yamaha exclusive string quartet worldwide From Dubai to Monaco, Amsterdam to Biarritz. A concept of Music, Fashion and Entertainment. Based in the capital of Europe (Brussels) The Exclusive Strings concept was launched in 2006, not a one-hit wonder but a uniquely strong combination of "MUSIC, FASHION & ENTERTAINMENT" a concept which  worked brilliantly  by offering quality and consistency. Performed more than 1.000 concerts worldwide From Dubai to Monaco, Amsterdam to Biarritz Winner of the music category “Beat the Best” Yamaha exclusive string quartet worldwide Based in the heart  of Europe (Brussels) The Power And Passion Of Strings Four Nationalities Four Different Cultures Four Daring Divas Four Rebellious Strings When these 4 elements blend, it creates something that nature has overseen, …a  perfection based on magic. Don’t feel left with just an illusion, but be amazed by their looks and sounds as ‘The Exclusive Strings’ hit centre stage. When daring street-looks are taken to a catwalk level and sensuality is being elevated to the highest level of couture fashion by their own designer, Nicky Vankets, you haven’t seen anything yet… a  stage set by the most remarkable people in the business  underlines the professional view of the spine of this creation. Curious Who They Are? The Exclusive Strings Present Their Brand New show "Let It Storm" Their most exciting and dynamic show ever will bring a WOW factor to your top events in the  world  of culture and business, and leave your guests with lasting memories.  Musical synchrony taking the traditional school of Arts into the world of modern-day music. <a href="https://www.youtube.com/embed/scN-VKczRbU?rel=0&amp;wmode=opaque">Embedded video for Curious Bottom Text</a> The outstanding and ongoing positive response from our guests demonstrates the brilliant impression of your performance. Kind regards Michael J. Kloep Marketing Manager SIEMENS DUBAI Contact Tel: +32(0)475620462 Email: info@exclusivestrings.com Site by   Moonworks Facebook Youtube Instagram 