Fake Bands , live band music, entertainers, event supplies, tribute bands, soundalikes, artists   Home   Contact   Tribute Bands   Cover Bands   Bands Wanted   Add My Band   About   Testimonials   Links search:     The UK's Leading Tribute Band & Cover Band Agency Welcome to the new Fake Bands website designed with speed and efficiency in mind. This website will instantly give you a quotation for your bands request, whether it is for just one or multiple Tribute Band or a Cover Bands, it is instantly available here at the click of your mouse.   In today's business you want quick results and quick service so welcome to the new Fake Bands website designed with speed and efficiency in mind. This website will instantly give you a quotation for your bands request, whether it is just for one a Tribute Band or a Cover Band it is instantly available here at the click of your mouse. We have a copyrighted formula to calculate all your entered details which will give you an instant quotation that includes all expenses so you are just left with knowing exactly what the final price is. There are no hidden costs with Fake Bands. No more waiting for agencies to get back to you with prices, no more waiting for bands availability, no more waiting for contracts to arrive in the post, this website gives you it all instantly. About Fake Bands Fake Bands is a modern Tribute and Cover Band agency with an understanding that times are changing not only in the entertainment world but also in the technology world and how businesses operate between each other. With access to the latest computer technology and mobile communication systems Fake Bands is the UK's leading Tribute & Cover Band Agency.   All New Bands Most Viewed Bands All Tribute Bands All Cover Bands Rock Bands Pop Bands Indie Bands Soul Swing Bands 60's Bands 70's Bands 80's Bands 90's Bands 00's Bands Popular Bands All Bands IndieRoX band Oasis band Beatles band Oasis band U2 band Coldplay band Queen band Kingtastic band Silent Film Project band Arctic Monkeys band   Home  | Contact Us  | Tribute Bands  | Cover Bands  | Bands Wanted  | Add My Band  | About Us  | Testimonials  | Links  | Online Booking Terms & Conditions Copyright © 2007 Fake Bands   |   Web design by Koder Fake Bands is a division of Fake Faces Ltd Registered in England & Wales No. 562 7895, VAT Reg No. 853 0482 33 Begin Cookie Consent plugin by Silktide - http://silktide.com/cookieconsent End Cookie Consent plugin 