Gorge Winds Concert Band - symphonic, jazz, concerts, music, community band, symphonic band, Columbia River Gorge, Mid-Columbia Gorge, Oregon, Washington Home Concerts 2018 October Concert Music 2018 Spring May Concert Music 2017 Spring Concert Music About Us Members Board of Directors Performance History Conductors Book Us Donate Contact Us Our Vision Straddling two states, Oregon and Washington, the Gorge Winds Concert Band strives to musically grow together and provide the best possible music in the Mid-Columbia Gorge. Read What People Are Saying! Christmas 2014 ~ "Have never missed a performance. This (Christmas concert), by all means surpassed all". "Great job", "Great selection", Great Performances!"   Spring 2013 ~ "What a wonderful concert I attended last Sunday afternoon (May 11, 2014) as the The Gorge Winds sponsored their annual Spring Concert at the Civic Auditorium. The Dalles is so fortunate to have such a wonderful asset in our community..."   "I really enjoyed the selections of music that the band played today. It was a wonderful concert. It was interesting to have such a variety, and I liked the pieces you played, especially the Leroy Anderson piece with the trumpets. And I most especially felt charmed by your unannounced encore. It was delightful to be surprised! And by a piece of music that is so pleasing and familiar! It was like a fabulous present!" Welcome to the Gorge Winds Concert Band! The Gorge Winds Concert Band is a volunteer organization comprised of over 50 men and women in the Mid-Columbia Gorge area who are dedicated to making a unique musical and cultural contribution to our community. Founded in 2000, the Gorge Winds Concert Band performs in many venues throughout the Mid-Columbia Gorge, i.e. Hood River, The Dalles, Trout Lake, Goldendale.  Current News Upcoming 2019 4th of July Concert The Gorge Winds Concert Band will be playing an outdoor concert in White Salmon, WA for the 4th of July in White Salmon, WA. Stay tuned for time! Interested in Joining Us? Join us and experience the joy of making music for audiences in the Columbia River Gorge! We meet weekly on Thursday evenings, 7pm to 9pm, at The Dalles Middle School. Physical address is: 1100 East 12th Street, The Dalles, OR. You can reach us by contacting our Conductor on our  Contact Us  page. Gorge Winds Concert Band is now on Facebook! Click here to go to our Facebook page ... Like us! begin nostyle begin nostyle content ©2019 | Gorge Winds Concert Band | All rights reserved The Gorge Winds Concert Band is a nonproft 501(c)(3) organization end nostyle content end nostyle begin nostyle begin nostyle content Panel top Login button Log in Registration button content dropdown/modal box Form login if not integrated any component Login to your account Username * Password * Remember Me Forgot your password? Forgot your username? if integrated with one component end nostyle content end nostyle Designed by Frazier Business Services, LLC . 