Greggy skip links for text browsers skip to main | skip to sidebar Welcome to GREGNEUFELD.BLOGSPOT.COM Try playing all the videos at once, if you don't have anything to do. It's eleven times better than only one at a time. Personally the best part of his performances is at the end, when he stares into the camera, licking his lips--seriously, the kid has some distinction with a smoky, emotive voice honed by over four years of gigging Lower Mainland Vancouver with his former four-piece acoustic band. If this is the first you've heard of Greg, check out Di Marco's website . The blogroll consists of Music Musings , Randomly Yours Bouffe and the MySpace , with over a trillion friends. Latest news articles Loading... Greg Neufeld - You Came With A Kiss Somebody took the trouble to whip out their cellphone for a couple seconds of the opening act for Lukas Rossi in Mission, and this is the admittedly less than stellar result. Technology won't always deliver, but the video's subject highly compensated with his intimate acoustic arrangements. Click zoom for a full-screen version. Greg Neufeld - Rewind Skittery chords infused the reggae vibes of this group original at a sold-out show in September. Sound quality is slightly lower, considering one of the notes Greg hit was a little too much for the recorder. Click zoom for a full screen version. Greg Neufeld - Finale Reprise His return to the stagelights for season's close came with a return to his choice for the top twenty-two, from his favourite band. Click zoom for a full screen version. Greg Neufeld - We Are the Champions Lending his silky pipes to a refreshingly effective arrangement of this rock anthem, Greg captivated the entire theatre with polished professionalism. One of the greatest unjustified conclusions to a competitor's tenure the show will ever see. Greg Neufeld - I'm Ready Audience and judges alike were moved by Greg's skillful interpretation of this driving ballad, and for well-founded reason. Click zoom for a full screen version. Greg Neufeld - Long Black Veil A sensitive and subdued delivery of this classic suited not only Greg's vocal values, but the sentiment behind the song in addition. Click zoom for a full-screen version. Greg Neufeld - All These Things That I've Done This was Greg's first performance in the top ten. Apparently he and his band play this song on a regular basis back in Vancouver. Click zoom for a full-screen version. Greg Neufeld - Daughters Although he's proven his singing abilities on several occasions, Greg turned his charm on full force for this performance as well. Click zoom for full-screen version. Greg Neufeld - Geek in the Pink With the help of his guitar and husky voice, Greg sang this lighthearted tune in a perfectly playful manner for the top eighteen. Click zoom for a full-screen version. Greg Neufeld - This Love This typically energetic rendition impressed all, and Greg's enthusiasm for the music radiated through his upbeat performance. Click zoom for full-screen version. Greg Neufeld - The Remedy Surprised by his return to the show, followers of Greg's artistically agile ventures received a glimpse of well-tuned abilities with this audition. His command of the lyrics suggested a rare songwriting savoir-faire. Click zoom for full-screen version. Home Latest blog entries 16.01.08 Greg Neufeld UPDATE Hey Everyone!!!! Its Greg Neufeld here just giving everone an update of whats going on!!! I am in the process of recording my debut album with highly acclaimed producer Ryan Mcallister. The songs that I am recording have been a colaberation with a few people, I was contacted by huge song writer Amy Foster (Micheal Buble, Josh Groban) to fly down to Nashville and write some songs with her! The trip was a huge success and the songs will be on the new album!!! I have also done some co writes with Ryan Mcallister (lead singer Dakona) And then some of my own songs. Coming soon is the greatest website of all time www.gregneufeldmusic.com and very soon to preview the new songs you can go to www.myspace.com/gregneufeldmusic I would love to hear back from you guys!!!! 05.12.07 Dear Friends and Fans, This is a little note to let all our friends and fans know that as of today-officially DIMARCO is no more (ha...as i typed that I realized it's one our song titles...no pun intended.) Lots of time and energy went into the decision, but it is the right thing for us. Thank you so much to anyone who ever supported us by coming to (or staying at) a show, buying CD's or T-shirts, or writing to us and letting us know how much you loved the music. It's nice to know there are rabid fans all over the country. The DIMARCO EP is still available on iTunes, but as for the band... that's all she wrote!!! Rob and I wish Greg success on his solo musical endeavours, his new stuff is really good. Cheers, and thanks again!!!!! 03.11.07 DIMARCO ---------- iTunes. DIMARCO's self - titled EP is now available on iTunes. Go check it out! The album is also now or son to be available on Napster, Rhapsody, eMusic, amazon mP3, and the British, Aussie, and Japanese versions of iTunes as well. Cheers! 24.9.07 DIMARCO T-Shirts NOW AVAILABLE!! Hey everyone!! We keep getting compliments on the tshirt design and now they' re available. Please send a $25 money order (includes S&H- sorry, shipping is expensive!!!!!!!) to DIMARCO MUSIC 8849 214b st. Langley BC V1M 2H9 We have Small, Youth Large, Medium, Large, X large 17.9.07 DIMARCO YouTube Clips Hey Everybody!!! We had a great sold out show at the Abbey Arts Center on Friday. Thanks to everyone who came out to support us!! Thanks to all of you who would have been there if they could! This is a note to ll who weren't there that you can see a few songs on YouTube and I'm sure there are more to come!! Hey everybody. This is Noland from DIMARCO. We are so pumped to do the show tonight... thanks to everyone who bought tickets and to all of those who are buying at the door. Please feel free to bring a videocamera to the show so that you can post some good footage on 'you tube'. We will send a free DIMARCO tshirt that just came off the printer today to the person who posts the best video. Hey animals!!!!!! Tuesday morning we did an in-studio with Shane Foxman from CFUN. We performed "You came with a Kiss" and had a pretty relaxed interview! Check it out. Hey DIMARCO fans- New recent pics posted on our profile! 07.9.07 We Are All Back!!!!!!! Hey Everyone!!!!! So the Top 10 is all back for the first time in 9 weeks and we are all having a blast. We have such a great show planned for you guys, we have been up really early every day getting ready for the big finale, its going to be a great show. The show is going to showcase all the Top 10 competitors with the highlights of the entire season. It's really cool. It's going to be really awesome seeing all my fans again. You guys were the best. I think I miss you guys as much as you miss me. It was really cool sitting at home watching weeks after I was voted off and seeing "Bring Greg Back" and "We miss Greg." Those kinds of things really mean a lot to me. It shows me that you guys (even though I was voted off) were still there for me and that is amazing. I can't wait to get on the big Idol stage for the last time this season and sing to the nation. Miss You Guys!!!!!!!! Latest showlistings 31.1.08 8:00 PM - Park Theater 698 Osborne St, Winnipeg, Manitoba Lukas Rossi Live! With acoustic opening act Greg Neufeld. Greg Neufeld releases his brand new album on the tour across Canada 01.2.08 8:00 PM - Park Theater 698 Osborne St, Winnipeg, Manitoba - SOLD OUT 02.2.08 8:00 PM - Kilroy’s 37 Cumberland St South, Thunder Bay, Ontario 05.2.08 8:00 PM - Coulsons Nightclub 52 Larch St, Sudbury, Ontario 06.2.08 8:00 PM - The Foundation Nightclub - 34 Dunlop St East, Barrie, Ontario 07.2.08 8:00 PM - Horseshoe Tavern 368 Queen St West, Toronto, Ontario 08.2.08 8:00 PM - The Roxy 671 Ouellette Ave, Windser, Ontario 09.2.08 8:00 PM - The Dungeon 44 Bond St East, Oshawa, Ontario 09.3.08 8:00 PM - The Roxy Vancouver, British Columbia Greg Neufeld live full band @ the Roxy, help fight Cancer at this bennifet to raise money for Cancer research! Latest merchandise Di Marco (2005) From the melancholy reluctance evoked in Fire to the flittery harmonica of You Came With a Kiss, the band's premier recordings of steel charged artwork resonate far beyond the monotony of mainstream. Soon available online at their official store , the release also features cuts of Courtyard, Rewind, and At Your Door. Greg can't hold any formal contract meetings until early December--Sony presently has the exclusive option of signing him. To receive a copy of the album through mail, send a money order for fifteen dollars including shipping to: Dimarco Music 1651 Jackson St Abbotsford BC V2S 8B4 Canada Latest downloads You Came With a Kiss Illustrating Di Marco's harmonic accentuation of acoustic licks, this track opened the group's debut album. Right-click link. So Far Thoughtful lyrics combine with the band's signature stripped sound to conceive this smooth yet whimsical melody. Right click link. False Accusations Live bootlegs commonly showcase how high-powered Greg's driving vocalizations can be; no exception here. Right-click link to save. Fire Steadily strummed strings backdrop fluctuating pitches of lead guitar as pendulum like rues of the past are released with longing vocals. Wasn't That Simple Originally titled Peter Pan, this roughly unmixed demo explores different states of mind. Turn the speakers up, right-click link to save. Best viewed with Firefox, original text size. All content is copyrighted to its owners. spacer for skins that want sidebar and main to be the same height   end content-wrapper end outer-wrapper 