Groove Drummer Home Facebook ReverbNation Home Audio Video Gallery Gear Contact /nav /header The Joint Las Vegas Star Princess Tahiti Hard-Rock Hotel Las Vegas The Joint – Vegas Beatles Festival Belarus Home L.A drummer Angelo Frisina Angelo has performed in over 40 countries around the world with a variety of musicians, groups and entertainers. He currently performs, writes and produces with local L.A jazz funk group  PhunkYard Angelo has performed with the  Nelson Twins ,  Liquid Blue , and a variety of theme bands from southern California. He has performed at  The Cow Palace ,  Playboy Mansion , House of Blues ( San Diego,   Los Angeles ,  New Orleans ),   Disney Land Anaheim  and  Disney World Orlando FL  with live television performances on  CCTV China,  and the  Ten Network Australia . Angelo was the original house drummer on popular music, art & culture show Noise TV, which ran for several seasons on channel 31 in Melbourne, Australia. He has also performed with a variety of talented Australian artists and media personalities including Flood, The Noise,  Marie Wilson ,  Frank J Holden ,  Denise Drysdale , and  Tracey Bartram . In the USA Angelo has been fortunate enough to work with some of America’s finest Grammy award winning musicians, including: bassist  Kevin Cooper  and saxophonist  Rick Rossi . He has also been a proud endorsee of Sabian Cymbals since 2001. Contact Angelo  for live shows, studio sessions or short tours. PhunkYard 1 month ago Please subscribe to our YouTube channel. Hot new original music coming out soon. www.youtube.com/channel/UCQZcRxAbWV8kEsdGshqeh4A ... See More See Less Photo View on Facebook · Share PhunkYard is with Angelo Frisina and 4 others at Molly Malone's Irish Pub. 1 month ago Recorded live at Molly Malone's Irish Pub on September 28, 2018. Written by Menno de Boer. Featuring Al Garcia - Bass, Angelo Frisina - Drums, Ben Weiss - Guitar, Menno de Boer - Keys, Rick Rossi - Saxophone. #jazz #jazzfusion #livemusic #losangeles ... See More See Less Video View on Facebook · Share View on Facebook 1 Butterfly 2 Detroit 3 Hottentot 4 Lobotomy Stew 5 Rattletrap 6 Sponge-Hip Custom Facebook Feed JS 