Harpist Sheila Watts – Harp music for Weddings, Funerals, Christenings, Corporate & Charity Events Skip to content Harpist Sheila Watts Harp music for Weddings, Funerals, Christenings, Corporate & Charity Events .site-branding Menu Home Weddings Funerals Events Music Repertoire Testimonials About Me Résumé Dresses Venues Contact .main-navigation .site-menu #masthead Harpist Sheila Watts .entry-hero-wrapper .entry-hero Harp music will enhance your guests’ enjoyment of your event Whatever the mood of your special occasion, I can provide the perfect musical setting. I entertain at weddings, civil and humanist ceremonies, civil partnerships, Jewish blessings, family occasions, anniversary celebrations, birthday parties, christenings, garden parties, funerals, product launches, private viewings, press shows, corporate and charity events, promotions and award ceremonies. I play to welcome the guests arriving at the venue and continue through the drinks’ reception. I also play for the meal and usually finish at the speeches. I work in London and the South East, including all the Home Counties.   At St James’s Palace My harp I play a large concert harp; it is 1.8m tall, and I need a space of 1m x 2m, plus a nearby corner for the Bose column. My sound system is not large, but helps when there are more than 40 diners. Inside my instrument is a pick-up, which feeds my sound reinforcement. Large functions take this feed into their public address system. Find out more My résumé describes how I work and highlights some special events from the full list of venues . Browse my repertoire for musical inspiration, or listen to my music . Presentation is important – I always wear a long, coloured silk dress. You can choose from about 20 colours to suit your theme or occasion. See my dresses for inspiration. Booking me Please discuss your event with my manager Philip Sefton, advising him of the preferred dress colour, chosen music and the number of guests you have coming. I require half my fee to book, by cheque or bank transfer, and upon booking I generate a paper receipt which I send out through the post. The balance of my fee is due seven days before your event. Get in touch Please use the contact form to get in touch, email me at sheilawatts@me.com or call on 020 8883 8961 with questions. Or send me your address and I will pop a leaflet and repertoire list in the post to you.   Save Save Save Save Save Save Save Save Save Save Save Save Save Save Save Save Save Save Save Save Save Save Save Save .entry-content .hentry-wrapper #post-## #main #primary Harpist Sheila Watts Sheila Watts is a professional harpist who can play live at your wedding service, civil ceremony, reception, corporate event, charity event or party; Sheila also plays at christenings and funerals. Sheila's repertoire includes traditional wedding music, favourite standards and Disney tunes. Sheila will travel to London and the Home Counties. See Venues page for a list. Advertisements .widget-area-wrapper-area .widget-footer-full-width Please note: If through illness or circumstances beyond my control I am unable to fulfil the engagement in person, I shall endeavour to supply a deputy of equivalent ability. My liability is limited to the fee. No contingent liabilities are accepted. Cancellation forfeits all payments. Partnership: S A Watts, P C Sefton .widget-area-wrapper .widget-footer-area #tertiary #content Facebook Twitter .jetpack-social-navigation Powered by WordPress.com . .site-info .site-footer-wrapper #colophon #page Post to Cancel Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here: Cookie Policy 