Harps International - Home                                Ph: 860 463-8149 Search ... Go Home Our Harps Camac Pedal Camac Lever Pratt R Harps Triplett Electric Harps Other Harps Rent/RTO Rent RTO FAQs Contact Contact Us About Us Hook up the FlexSlider The choice is yours ... Harps International offers a selection of pedal and lever harps. Visit our showroom Give us a call and see our magnificent harps. We are here to serve you Personalized, high quality customer service is what you can expect from Harps International. Come and try our exquisite harps Experience the silvery, clear tones of the harps in our showroom. Contact us to make an appointment today. Our Harps Camac Pedal Harps Camac Lever Harps Pratt R-Harps Triplett Electric Harps Other Harps   Where the harpist comes first If you already know what harp you are looking for, click here:  New to harps? Buying a harp can be an overwhelming decision. We’ve helped hundreds of people just like you find the right harp at the right price. We are experienced in advising customers. The easiest way to cut through the confusion is to call us. We can explain what your harp options are and how we can help make it affordable for you. For expert guidance email us at This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.    or call us at (860) 463 8149. If you would like to learn more about harps, our website is here to help. We started supplying harps to our customers in 1985. It brought us much happiness seeing dreams fulfilled. We have shared the joy our harps have brought others – the harp recipient, their families and those who have enjoyed and benefited by their music. Our goal - our mission – is finding the right harp for our customers and providing it within their budgets. For expert guidance click HERE to contact us . Eco-friendly harps Kids on Harp Professional Quality Copyright © 2019 by Harps International. Webmaster  Black Swan IT . Terms  |  Privacy Policy  |  Harps International Payment Center  