Andrea Hoag, Loretta Kelley, Charlie Pilzer | Andrea Hoag * Loretta Kelley * Charlie Pilzer | Hoag Kelley Pilzer Andrea Hoag * Loretta Kelley * Charlie Pilzer title Site Navigation [Skip] Home Who we are Andrea Hoag Loretta Kelley Charlie Pilzer Our recordings Press Contact us Calendar /sitemenu-content /sitemenu sitemenu-container page-top Sidebar [Skip] Andrea Hoag Loretta Kelley Charlie Pilzer “In the end, we are the lucky ones, because we can listen and watch as they tune up, release their bows and transport us to the Lands of the Midnight Sun and Luminous Winters.”—Carolyn Anderson Surrick “Wonderful musicians all! Haunting melodies, rousing dance tunes... ageless timeless evocations of forests and communities in celebration. The children were bouncing in their seats and the grown-ups feeling nostalgic for places they may have never been!”—Roberta Gasbarre, Director, Discovery Theater, Smithsonian Institution  “Hambo in the Snow is a CD that is both tender and jovial. It’s music with a smile on its face and a tear in its eye.”—Bob Boilen, All Songs Considered, National Public Radio sidebar-content sidebar sidebar-container o, what happens when you put together one of the finest American-born Swedish fiddlers with one of the finest American-born Norwegian fiddlers and add a guy who has traveled the northern countries of the world playing, well, yes, Scandinavian music with a multi-national band? You get music that is anything but ordinary. Strings. Vibrating strings. Lots of them. One fiddle, one hardingfele, and one contrabass. Rich deep fundamental notes and ethereal haunting overtones. The scales twist your ears and the rhythm has a life of its own. From the tale of its origin to the names of the players who passed it along, each tune speaks of a land and a tradition. None of this explains the raw life that fills the room when Andrea, Loretta and Charlie play. Perhaps it is the decades of experience and passion that each musician brings. Or maybe it is that they are playing music that fills their souls to overflowing. Andrea, Loretta and Charlie’s CD, Hambo in the Snow , was nominated in the Best Traditional World Music Album category for the 49th Annual GRAMMY® Awards. It was an honor to be nominated and they had a lot of fun at the Grammys! /article-content /article-info /article main-content main content © Hoag Kelley Pilzer 2012 [Back To Top] page-bottom container specific body type 