Hooked On Bands, Inc. | You are never too old for music! Home Our Music About Us Who We Are Our Directors Glenn Nielsen | Director, Madison New Horizons Band Mark Saltzman, Director, Madison New Horizons Band Calendar 2019 Band Camp HOB Board Media Photo Gallery Madison New Horizons Band Band Camp 2010 Band Camp 2008 Photo Archives Molly the Dog Videos Contact Us Contact HOB Request Appearance Join the Band Join HOB Tax Deductible Gifts Navigation end #search-form end .container end #main Hooked on Bands, Inc. is the evolution of the original “booster organization” for the Madison New Horizons Band that was first established in the fall of 1996. Membership in what we call HOB for short, is open to current and former band members.   Every fall, on the weekend after Labor Day, Hooked on Bands, Inc. hosts a Band Weekend that we lovingly call “Band Camp.” The three-day, total immersion weekend event is held in Bailey’s Harbor, Wisconsin in beautiful Door County, at Bjorklunden, the secluded, 425 wooded-acre Lawrence University... The Madison New Horizons Band is part of the International New Horizons Organization and is the second oldest New Horizons band in the world. When they were younger, many older adults played in high school and college bands but after graduation, the opportunities to play in group ensemble dwindled and instruments collected... end .slides 0 1 2 end #controllers-wrapper end #featured end .flex-container Music is the language of the spirit. It opens the secret of life bringing peace, abolishing strife. ― Khalil Gibran end #slogan end .container Latest News 2018 Door County Band Camp   Limited Spaces Left for World Famous Music Camp!   The annual New Horizons WIsconsin Band Camp is just around the corner:  September 7-9th.  It's a fabulous opportunity to make music, share friendship and fun with like minded musicians from around the country and even the world. There are limited spaces left so hurry with your reservation.  For more information and a camp brochure, contact:  pvorlander @gmail.com.   Love Music? Then Join The Band!   The Madison New Horizons Swing and Concert Bands have openings for a variety of instruments.  If you are interested and would like to learn more about this opportutnity to make music, please contact us  at  [email protected] .  We will glady answer questions and invite you to visit us or sit in at a rehearsal or two. Because it's all about the music, which means it's all about the way each band member, whether concert or swing band, adds their sound to the whole. Get to know the band members in these brief profiles, which are posted from time to time as part of the series,  Getting to Know the Band . Read More end #about Recent Blog Posts end .thumb July 17, 2019 | Welcome Enid Williams On Behalf of the Madison New Horizons Band and Hooked on Bands, Inc., we would like to welcome Enid Williams as... end .r-post end .thumb November 6, 2017 | Arturo Sandoval Turns 68 Today He began playing on the streets of his native Cuba at age 12, and became one of the most technically accomplished and versatile trumpet players of his time. end .r-post end .thumb October 30, 2017 | Clifford Brown Born This Date in 1930 Though he died young, leaving behind only four years worth of recordings, he was a major influence on later jazz trumpet players, including Freddie Hubbard and Lee Morgan. end .r-post end .thumb October 23, 2017 | Jean Absil Born This Date in 1893 Despite his early interest in Richard Strauss and Wagner, Absil wrote numerous chamber works, often employing polymodal and polyphonic language. end .r-post end .thumb October 13, 2017 | Celebrate Art Tatum’s Birthday His performances were hailed for their technical proficiency and creativity, setting a new standard for jazz piano virtuosity. end .r-post end .thumb October 6, 2017 | Paul Badura-Skoda Turns 90 Today Best known for his performances of works by Mozart, Beethoven and Schubert, the Austrian pianist was part of the so-called “Viennese Troika.” end .r-post Read More end #recent-posts end .container end #main-area end #page-wrap Designed by Elegant Themes | Powered by WordPress end .container end #main-footer ngg_resource_manager_marker 