Wedding Bands | Bands for Hire | Bands to Hire Jamtastic are the most frequently recommended wedding band and function band in the UK Jamtastic are a fun and seriously funky live professional function band. With a wide repertoire of perfectly selected music from the 60s to the very best of the present day, outstandingly tight musicianship and undoubtedly the finest singers on the London and South of England circuit, Jamtastic - the best band of their size in the UK - bring excitement, variety and pure quality to one of the most enjoyable nights of wedding and function entertainment you are likely to have the pleasure of experiencing. Jamtastic have played at over 600 weddings, parties and corporate events for some of the largest corporate clients and charities in the world including the Royal Charity Ball, performing to - among others - Prince Edward and the Countess of Wessex, Lord Cadbury, Lufthansa, Coca-Cola and Marks & Spencer; at venues from London's Premier West End Hotels and Birmingham's NEC to Australia, Dubai and New York; from cruising the oceans aboard the world-famous QE2 and P&O's Oceana. Wedding Bands Want to book top quality wedding bands ? Jamtastic are a highly experienced wedding band who will make your wedding reception beyond memorable. As we provide a full sound in a compact line-up, we are affordable and can offer discounted rates if you are based in London, Hampshire, Kent, Berkshire, Oxfordshire, Sussex, Surrey, Dorset or Buckinghamshire. Our extensive repertoire of songs is guaranteed to keep your guests dancing all night long. Bands to Hire Want to book top quality bands to hire? Jamtastic are a highly experienced band to hire who will make your function beyond memorable. As we provide a full sound in a compact line-up, we are affordable and can offer discounted rates if you are based in London, Hampshire or Surrey. Bands for Hire Want to book top quality bands for hire? Jamtastic are a highly experienced band for hire who will make your function beyond memorable. As we provide a full sound in a compact line-up, we are affordable and offer bargain reduced rates if booked directly. Our extensive repertoire of songs is guaranteed to keep your guests dancing all night long. Professional bands Party bands Function bands UK bands UK bands to hire UK wedding bands Funky bands Bands to hire Soul wedding bands Wedding bands in London Wedding bands in Hampshire Wedding bands in Surrey Wedding bands in Berkshire Wedding bands in Oxfordshire Wedding bands Kent Corporate event party bands Jewish wedding and barmitzvah bands Bands for civil partnership testimonials | links © copyright jamtastic 2002 | | website developed by mark ridout : e-productions 