Jay Vosk, composer – Tucson, Arizona Skip to content Jay Vosk, composer Tucson, Arizona .site-branding Menu Home Biography Performances Compositions Chamber Music Vocal Music Larger Works Published Works Listen .main-navigation .site-header-menu .site-header Work in Progress: Clarinet and Piano piece .entry-header Perspective 2 for Clarinet and Piano My Perspective 2 (working title)   for clarinet and piano, has seen several reiterations: sparse and gentle, strident and boisterous, minimalist, to name a few. I’d finally settled on a series of preludes ( variations?.)These preludes seemed to unfold from one to the next serendipitously. As things turned out, I wound up reworking a few of the discarded earlier starts. At the beginning of the piece, the segments are in stark contrast to one another: fast,slow,fast etcetera. The work begins with quick, configurations in   the clarinet.This is followed by very slow repeated clarinet pitches. If I were to sum up each and every   prelude in a few words, it would look like this: Hastened, with clustered harmonies Uneven pulse, sustained Manic, rapid Slow, sorrowful Crafty, elusive Sustained, sorrowful mashup Serpentine dialogue Serpentine, falling gestures. As things stand, the piece is nearing it’s completion.I foresee being done in 2 or three more preludes. Here is what the opening looks like:   .entry-content Author Jay Vosk Posted on January 13, 2019 January 22, 2019 Categories Works in Progress Leave a comment on Work in Progress: Clarinet and Piano piece .entry-footer #post-## Work in Progress: Horn Quintet .entry-header As things stand, my horn quintet will be a work in three movements. So far, the piece is a little more than a third of the way done. If Structured in terms of tempo, I foresee the entire piece looking like this: 1.slow-fast-slow, II.moderate,III. fast-slow (or slow fast) Barring any last minute revisions, the first movement is in place. In the opening, or more aptly termed ‘introduction’,slowly swirling chromatic configurations in the strings cluster together in a kind of ‘knot’.This serves as an accompaniment to the horn.Here the horn stands out by conveying an angular, stately line. The fast section continues this association between the horn and strings but with driving rhythms. In the course of the movement, a series of these ‘knots’ seem to alternately cluster and loosen up. Prior to the conclusion of the movement, is a solo horn interlude.. In the middle movement, the horn appropriates some of the chromatic configurations of the strings. The string writing here is more open and airy.. Looking ahead I foresee sizable stretches of pulsing rhythms in the strings against which are set against punctuating repeated notes in the horn. In a few weeks, I will provide an update of the work. Here is a sample: .entry-content Author Jay Vosk Posted on January 6, 2019 Categories Uncategorized Leave a comment on Work in Progress: Horn Quintet .entry-footer #post-## Clarinet Piece .entry-header Within the act of composing music, there is a constant quest to discover something fresh and unique. With each step of this process there are countless decisions to be made. This series of blogs will take you through several steps in this process.In this first installment of Clarinet Piece, I’ll run you through my process of choosing what instruments, if any I to write for to accompany the clarinet. When one is deciding what to write for, are we talking about something traditional, like a clarinet sonata or something more 21st century like an electro acoustic work? My personal preference is to write for purely acoustic instruments. I find writing for people skilled at playing these acoustic instruments very rewarding. There is something about having the human connection to bring ones written notes to life as opposed to synthesized and computer generated sounds. Another relatively new development, which had its origins in the 20th century, was to depart from the traditional ensemble such as the string quartet, concerto and and turn to a variety of instrumental combinations. Examples of this are most notably the Pierrot ensemble( an ensemble with the same instrumentation as Shoenberg’s Pierrot lunaire, which is comprised of flute/piccolo, clarinet/bass clarinet, violin/viola, cello and piano accompanying the voice.The Pierrot ensemble also has players double instruments. Other chamber combinations can be for like instruments such as bassoon quartets ,trombone choirs and all sorts of hybrid combinations. Nowadays, choirs of like instruments have become quite common in colleges and universities and they are cropping up all over the place in the form of amateur ensembles like flute and clarinet choirs. Professional players or academic professors, tend to want to be be in the spotlight and so combinations that feature the clarinet are preferable. Those traditional combinations are especially suitable for the professional soloist. In striving for the highest quality of work, it would make sense that I would expect to have a professional performance of my music. So a list of typical traditional combinations for clarinet might include: a clarinet sonata ( for clarinet and piano or unaccompanied clarinet) , a clarinet quintet ( for clarinet and string quartet), a clarinet concerto ( for clarinet and orchestra and the less traditional clarinet and band or wind ensemble). Now we need to narrow down this list. We should immediately rule out the concerto. Unless one is lucky enough to get a sizable commission, I wouldn’t waste countless hours writing such a work. Just about every large and midsize city tends to have at least one string quartet and some universities have quartets in residence. Once again, you could secure a commission, send a piece around on spec, or you might have friends in a quartet who might need a new piece by a local composer to fill out their program. In my case, I’ll be writing a quartet for saxophone and string quartet later this year, and don’t want to press my luck. Now we’re down to the accompanied verses the unaccompanied sonata. By now one might deduce that the less performers involved the more likely one can get a piece performed. So should I choose the solo clarinet as my instrumentation? Not so fast. The unaccompanied work seems to be the go- to combination these days. Such a combination has been a kind of testing ground for extended techniques such as key clicks, humming and playing, multiphonics and lip glissandi. But I’m going to choose a clarinet and piano piece and here’s why: One reason is my composition history. Over the past few years I’ve written several solo piece that were performed and performed well. What I find is lacking in these sorts of works is a sense of perspective The piano offers the composer many of the things an orchestra can do so such as harmony and texture. And, one final decision; I could choose to have the clarinetist double or triple on another member or the clarinet family. But, being that this piece isn’t commissioned, I’d rather keep things tidy and stick just with just the clarinet. So have made my first big decision; a work for clarinet and piano. There are a bunch of other decisions to be made before I actually begin to write down any notes. We’ll cover that in the next installment of ‘Clarinet Piece’. .entry-content Author Jay Vosk Posted on November 1, 2017 April 3, 2018 Categories Uncategorized .entry-footer #post-## Visions of Harriot Tubman for Organ .entry-header The Visions of Harriot Tubman- sample – Organ A couple of years ago,the US Postal Service decided to put the image of the famous African American , Harriot Tubman,on one of its currency denominations. I was struck by the reaction to this decision, and troubled in particular by the negative responses. I decided to read up on Ms Tubman and found her to be a remarkable woman; among other things one of the key figures of the Underground Railroad in the mid- 19th century. Ms Tubman, a deeply religious woman ,claimed that God spoke to her, urging her to lead runaway slaves to freedom. This inspired me to compose my Visions of Harriot Tubman. In this work the music grows organically emerging into a kind of paraphrase of the African American spiritual Let my People Go.This was the tune that Harriot Tubman sang as a signal to the slaves she would lead to freedom. As the piece progresses, the music travels in phases from the hymn tune, to jazz ,to blues as so forth. The registrations and edits were by organist David Gay of Tucson, Arizona. The Visions of Harriot Tubman was composed in 2016. .entry-content Author Jay Vosk Posted on July 2, 2017 Categories Uncategorized Leave a comment on Visions of Harriot Tubman for Organ .entry-footer #post-## And the Idols Shall Utterly Pass… .entry-header Organ Prelude 2016- 5:31 version Commentary: And the Idles Shall Utterly Pass Away is a tone poem based on biblical verses from the Book of Isaiah (2:18). For me,the wonderfully varied imagery of the text lent itself to a variety of musical moods and gestures. The seemingly limitless timbrel possibilities of the organ greatly enhanced my ability to bring these images to life. The formal structure of the music is based upon the thematic structure of the verses. Formally the work is divided into two groups each comprised of two ‘darker sections sections culminating in a third ‘majestic ‘ section of music. The unifying features of the darker sections are unsteady rhythmic figures along with angular melodies and strident harmonies. This is in contrast to the ‘majestic sections which feature more rhythmic regularity and a solid sense of tonality. And the Idles Shall Utterly Pass Away was composed in 2010 and commissioned by David and Illona Gay The sections of music presented with brief pauses are as follows: 1. ‘And the idols shall utterly pass…’ 2. ‘And the men shall go into the caves…’ 3. ‘And from the glory of His majesty…’ 4. ‘… a man shall cast away his idols..’ 5. ‘ To the moles and to the bats…’ 6. ‘From before the terror of the Lord…’ And the Idles Shall Utterly Pass Away And the idles shall utterly pass away. And men shall go into the caves of the rocks. And into the holes of the earth, From before the terror of the Lord, And from the glory of His majesty, When he arises to shake mightily the earth. In that day a man shall cast away His idols of silver, and his idols of gold, Which they made for themselves to worship, To the moles and to the bats; To go into the clefts of the rocks, And into the crevices of the crags, From before the terror of the Lord, And from the glory of His majesty, When He ariseth to shake mightily the earth. Isaiah 2:18 .entry-content Author Jay Vosk Posted on May 13, 2017 July 2, 2017 Categories Uncategorized Leave a comment on And the Idols Shall Utterly Pass… .entry-footer #post-## Works in Progress in April 2014 .entry-header   Currently there are three works which occupy my daily composing schedule: Little Night Creatures is a piece for soprano saxophone and vibraphone. In these whimsical episodes, I endeavor to create a handful of imagined ‘creatures’.There’s no telling who or what these creatures are; essentially it’s really up to each listeners imagination. As is the case with several of my other works, the musical materials are derived from a ‘palette’ of motivic materials. This includes interchangeable pitch and rhythmic materials. It is my hope to make Creatures both technically challenging as well as artistically rewarding for both performer and listener.   The Three Princes is an adaption of a Grimm’s fairy tale for brass quintet and narrator. Although this is one of the brother’s lesser known stories, the tale is filled with magic and adventure. From the composer’s standpoint, there are  a lot of  intriguing materials to work with including everything from encountering a swarm of bees to discovering an enchanted castle with a beautiful  princess. The Three Princes is sure to captivate listeners both young and old alike. At  the same time, the piece  promises to be a lot of fun for members of the quintet to perform!   Trio ( the working title so far)for oboe,cello and piano is the third of my current projects.The piece is being written for Sarah Fraker, Professor of Oboe at the University of Arizona. Prior to this work, Sara has performed the premieres of my Pastorals with the Paloma Wind Quintet and Lyric Passages for Oboe and string trio (violin, viola and cello) a piece which was premiered at the International Double Reed Society Conference in Tempe, Arizona.The  current trio contains some of the same features as Pastorals and Lyric  with a particular focus on the use of the ‘singing’, lyrical qualities of each instrument. What’s more, Trio is also is a bit of a departure from the other aforementioned pieces in terms of its approach to form and harmony. It is my hope that Trio will have its first performance some time in 2015. .entry-content Author Jay Vosk Posted on April 10, 2014 Categories Uncategorized Leave a comment on Works in Progress in April 2014 .entry-footer #post-## Coming Soon: A Desert Aviary .entry-header Just  east of Tucson, Arizona in the Rincon Mountain range,one can escape into a pristine desert wilderness. Here, one stands above and beyond the sights and sounds of city life. At this special spot, listen, as the natural world whispers it’s delicate songs. The haunting sounds of wind blowing  through a saguaro cactus; the gentle rustling of desert brush, and ,what is particularly precious, the delicate calls of the indigenous wrens and warblers, all of which create a place of peace and solitude. This delicate aural array is like gossamer in sound. Indeed, the entire experience not only envelops the listener, but seems to fill one from within.   Such is the inspiration behind my composition A Desert Aviary . Formally, the work is a miniature concerto with a solo piccolo accompanied by the other three instruments. The work unfolds with a series of brief musical tableaux.  The bulk of the musical material is drawn from a smattering of desert bird songs awash with textures and timbres of my own design. All an all, I hope to leave the listener with but  a tiny sampling of the  delicate, and enchanting array of sounds emanating from the Sonoran Desert. Here is an excerpt for your perusal. file:///Users/jayvosk/Desktop/Desert%20Aviary%20XML-%20sample-PDF.pdf .entry-content Author Jay Vosk Posted on March 18, 2014 March 18, 2014 Categories Uncategorized Tags Bird-calls and Music , Composer of the Desert Southwest , Contemporary Piccolo Music , Music for Piccolos , Music of the Desert , Piccolo Quartet Leave a comment on Coming Soon: A Desert Aviary .entry-footer #post-## Sonatina for Tenor Saxophone and Marimba .entry-header My Sonatina for Tenor Saxophone and Marimba is now available. You might consider this  three movement piece for your graduate or faculty recital. My intent was to write a work  that is both idiomatic and with the right amount of challenge to the performer. .entry-content Author Jay Vosk Posted on February 7, 2014 March 5, 2014 Categories Uncategorized Tags Contemporary Saxophone Music , Marimba , Music for Saxophone , Saxophone and Percussion , Tenor Saxophone Leave a comment on Sonatina for Tenor Saxophone and Marimba .entry-footer #post-## The Old Women and the Sparrow: The reviews are in! .entry-header ‘Fascinating’, ‘Looks very interesting!’. Those are the early reviews of my The Old Women and the Sparrow for Flute, Bb Clarinet and Narrator. It is an adaption of a Japanese folk tale. This family friendly work  should appeal to children and adults alike. Its the perfect piece  for children’s concerts and quite appropriate for any recital. For more information including score and text, kindly contact me at. jvosk@cox.net .entry-content Author Jay Vosk Posted on January 19, 2014 March 5, 2014 Categories Uncategorized Tags Flute/Clarinet and Narrator , Japanese Folktale with music , Music for Children's Concert Leave a comment on The Old Women and the Sparrow: The reviews are in! .entry-footer #post-## Works in Progress for November 2013 .entry-header I am working on three pieces at the moment: I’ve recently begun a song cycle consisting of settings of poems by the early 20th century poet Amy Lowell. The work  is scored for soprano, oboe and piano. Ms Lowell was quite a controversial character in her day and her verse really resonates with me. I also enjoy Ms Lowell’s poems because they are both lyrical and imaginative. The Old Woman and the Sparrow is a piece for flute, clarinet and narrator. The text is an adaption of a Japanese folk tale. It is a poignant little story that should appeal to children of all ages (not to mention flutists and clarinetists). In addition, I’ve begun the second movement of a three movement work called Acacias .  A few varieties of acacias grow here in Tucson and I’m writing this piece to celebrate these wonderful trees. The work is scored for low brass trio ( horn, trombone and tuba). I hope to have a few  score samples to share by the end of the month so stay tuned! .entry-content Author Jay Vosk Posted on October 30, 2013 Categories Uncategorized Leave a comment on Works in Progress for November 2013 .entry-footer #post-## Posts navigation Page 1 Page 2 Next page .site-main .content-area Search for: Search “...His is music of shadow and smoke -- moody and ever-changing. It is music you come away from wanting to hear again because it all went by so quickly…” —Daniel Buckley Tucson Citizen Recent Posts Work in Progress: Clarinet and Piano piece Work in Progress: Horn Quintet Clarinet Piece Visions of Harriot Tubman for Organ And the Idols Shall Utterly Pass… .sidebar .widget-area .site-content Home Biography Performances Compositions Chamber Music Vocal Music Larger Works Published Works Listen .main-navigation Jay Vosk, composer Proudly powered by WordPress .site-info .site-footer .site-inner .site 