Voyager Records - Official Site of Phyllis Taylor Sparks NEW! The official Voyager Records Newsletter is now available online to keep you posted on the latest PTS events, news and happenings. CLICK HERE to view and be sure to check back often for more info. Phyllis performs "Live At Studio C" at WPLN radio broadcast on August 30th. See more Video! Live promo video of Phyllis Taylor Sparks and the Dream Machine! Click here to view a sample clip of the concert. KEDM FM/Monroe, LA: Adrienne LaFrance — "I just received Harp Horizons and have listened to a few of the tracks and am very excited to air several on my show Nocturnes , lullabies for adults. I know my listeners will enjoy Ms. Sparks just as much as I have! Please continue to consider our station for any new music that you would like to air." KAJX/Aspen, CO: Neil Jung, MD — "We have several eclectic shows that may play this record." WUTC/Chattanooga, TN: Rabbit Zielkie — Producer Celtic Harvest/Sunrise programs, "Lovely work."   Welcome to Voyager Records Online! Voyager Records is a new age, easy listening, and light jazz music label. Our customers enjoy a touch of class with the current rhythms of today. We also offer HeartStrings, Inc., a booking agency featuring our artists, and Eclectic Productions and Recording Studio designed for custom recording projects. Phyllis Taylor Sparks is from Dearborn, Michigan, and holds Masters Degrees in Music Performance from both the University of Michigan and Belmont University. Ms. Sparks performs in and around the Nashville area in many different ensembles including the Nashville Chamber Orchestra , Nashville Symphony , the Memphis Symphony and the Knoxville Symphony . She played with the Nashville Symphony on its recent Carnegie Hall Concert. A former member of the Mantovani Orchestra , she frequently performs with members of the Nashville String Machine and recently played on the Amy Grant/Vince Gill Christmas Tour . Performing in the Nashville, Tennessee area and surrounding communities, we are available for Classical & Light Jazz music for conventions , parties , banquets , weddings & receptions . Drop us a line at (615) 333-0804 or by email at voyagerrecords@jazical.com New photos posted! Click Here to see the latest... We have a new CD, titled " Harp Horizons ," featuring Phyllis Taylor Sparks and the Dream Machine. Listen to samples. T-Shirts, mugs, totes, journals and more things harp! All conveniently online. Check it out at CaféPress.com . The Johnny Mercer Educational Archives I Remember You is on their tribute site. Go there ©2002-2006 Voyager Records, Inc.. All Rights Reserved. 