Jeremy Spencer | Official Website Jeremy Spencer Toggle Navigation Home About Music Contact /.container /.header-filter /.page-header About Early Life Born on 4 July 1948, Jeremy Spencer began piano lessons at age nine and switched to guitar at 15. While forming his own band, the Levi Set, in his home town of Lichfield, Staffordshire, he discovered Elmore James and emulated his style. His slide work and pounding voice caught the attention of record producer, Mike Vernon , who then convinced Peter Green to check out the pint-sized dynamo. Fleetwood Mac Alongside Peter’s B. B. King -influenced style, Jeremy’s contribution to the blues-based Fleetwood Mac consisted of singing and playing slide guitar in the manner of Elmore James , along with performing tunes by 50’s performers such as Elvis and Buddy Holly . The band’s unique sound of driving blues contributed to Fleetwood Mac’s international success. Jeremy recorded a solo album, simply titled, Jeremy Spencer , released in 1970. Besides one serious blues number, he light-heartedly covered rockabilly, surf and 50’s ballads. Becoming disheartened with his lack of inspiration, Jeremy departed Fleetwood Mac in 1971 to pursue a spiritual path; he joined a Christian commune. Post-Fleetwood Mac In 1972, he released Jeremy Spencer and the Children and Flee in 1979. Although he continued to avidly compose and occasionally perform, it would not be until 2005 that he would return to a commercial studio to record an unplugged CD and DVD called Jeremy Spencer in Session with an accomplished accompanying guitarist, Dave Briggs. A few months later, he recorded the album Precious Little in Norway with seasoned bluesmen, the Trond Ytterbo band. In 2012, Jeremy released Bend in the Road and two years later, Coventry Blue . On both albums, he collaborated with Detroit team of Brett Lucas and his band ‘Saint Cecilia’. Referring to Jeremy’s live performances, Art Tipaldi, former editor for Blues Revue and Blues Wax, said, “I’ve seen Jeremy Spencer perform four shows at the Notodden Blues Festival and I can tell you that each show was better than the previous. Jeremy has lost none of the fire from the Fleetwood Mac days. His slide guitar still sends chills. Every note I’ve heard Jeremy play showcases his great commitment to the blues. I’ve seen him ignite the stage with a mixture of classic Chicago blues and smart contemporary songs.” In 1998, along with the founding and present members of Fleetwood Mac , Jeremy was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. Due to his commitment to charity concerts in India at that time, he missed the induction ceremony held in the USA. Today Jeremy’s mastery of slide has improved with age and he is especially encouraged that his present musical style is appealing to many of the younger generation who know little or nothing of his association with Fleetwood Mac . Besides his musical endeavours, Jeremy’s artistic illustrations and creative writing further document inspirational forces at work. He is currently working in his home studio, developing a vast number of tracks garnered from his 50-odd years of musical inspiration; some of which can be heard in his latest offering, Homebrewed Blues . Music Music Latina Nights (2019) Here is another collection of instrumentals, and hopefully my listeners will comfortably adjust to its different flavour! As those of you who are familiar with my life story will be aware, I have spent some years in Latin America, and these sojourns have understandably influenced my musical 'receptors', if you will! Read More Music Treading Softly (2018) The influence of Ireland has inspired much of this material—not in the traditional musical sense, but through its beauty, such as the hue of the Mourne Mountains on the northern east coast and, in the words of W.B. Yeats, "…I have spread my dreams under your feet; tread softly because you tread on my dreams." Read More Music Homebrewed Blues (2016) Homebrewed Blues is a solo endeavour, hence the choice of my Alter Egos as unobtrusive back-up musicians, all of whom (but for the occasional blues-inflected flourishes on the piano), allow Mona to take centre stage; and rightly so, as she can sometimes 'say' it better than I can! Read More /.row Music Coventry Blue (2014) 2014 brings Coventry Blue, a soulful patchwork quilt of compositions that are emotionally invested tunes? With age or "mileage" comes a centered maturity that allows compositions to be focused with laser like intensity while embracing a more eclectic warmth that has always been characteristic of Spencer's music. Read More Music Bend in the Road Double LP (Vinyl, 2012) If you were a fan of Jeremy in Fleetwood Mac, check this album out. You will not be disappointed. The Elmore James influence is still evident, but Jeremy's wonderful slide playing is polished to a bright shine." Read More Music Bend in the Road (2012) For die hard blues enthusiasts, this CD takes one back and if you close your eyes for a moment, you suddenly get the feeling that you have been transported back to the days of Howling Wolf, Robert Johnson, Elmore James, Albert Collins, Muddy Waters, Buddy Guy etc. Read More /.row Music Precious Little (2006) "Precious Little" represents a sensational comeback for Jeremy Spencer, one of the original members of Fleetwood Mac, whose signature slide guitar and vocals helped define the early sound of that legendary group. Read More Music In Session (2005) After many years away from a commercial recording studio, I recorded this 'unplugged' album in London in 2005, together with excellent accompanying guitarist, Dave Briggs. Read More     Contact Us header thank you errors form Send footer © [wpsos_year] Jeremy Spencer Hestia | Developed by ThemeIsle This Album May be Available at Some of the Following Stores 121 Music Store 121 MusicBlog 121 Web Radio 7 Digital Amalgam Digital Amazon MP3 Amazon On Demand Ampya Aspiro Mobile AT&T Audible Magic Audio Jelly Automotive BBM Beatport Beezik Bibzoom BigPond Bloom Fm BPM In-Car Bucher.de Catch Media CDON DK CDON Finland CDON Norway CDON Sweden CeDe Clearwire CTS Dance-Tunes Deezer Deutsche Telecom Web n Walk DJ Download DJ Tunes DJMag DownDigi EE Mobile Eircom eMusic Ex Libris F.Y.E. Google Play Guvera Hard To Find Records HMV Digital iHeartRadio iLike iMEsh iMi Mobile InMotion iTunes Radio iTunes Video JB-HiFi Jetzt Bei Base JUKE Juke (be) JUKE DE JUKE IT JUKE NL JUKE SE Juno Records Kronehit Last FM LG Media Markt AT Media Markt DE Media Markt ES Media Markt NL Medion Meteli MixUp Digital Mobilcom-Debitel MOG MTV Music Musicfellas Musikwebb MUVE MUZU Myspace Music Napster Nokia o2 Mobile Fun Ovi pandora People Of Lava Play.com Playlist.com Playstation PS Vita PS3 PS4 PSN PSP Pulse Locker Radio Play RaRa Rdio Reggae Inc Rhapsody Rhino Samsung Music Hub Samsung Pocket MusiQ Saturn AT Saturn DE Setlist Shazam Shop2Download Shop2Download DE Shop2Download DK Shop2Download UK Simfy Sirius Slacker Smart TV Songza Sony Sony Mobile Sony Qriocity Soundtracker Spotify SpotON Radio Stofa StubHub Sunrise Swisscom Mobile TDC Mobile Telecom italia Telmore Music Tesco Digital The Audiotorium The Holding Pattern Tonlist Track It Down Tunefabric Tunetribe Turntable TWC Ubuntu Vevo Vidzone Vodafone Live! WE7 Weltbild Weltbild CH Weltbild DE Wimp DE WiMP NO WiMP PO WiMP SW WIND Infostrada xBox Live Xbus Yahoo! Music YouTube YouMusic Zain Zune Zvooq X We are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website. You can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings . .moove-gdpr-cookie-notice Accept .button-container moove-gdpr-info-bar-content moove-gdpr-info-bar-container #moove_gdpr_cookie_info_bar Change cookie settings V2 Privacy Overview Strictly Necessary Cookies 3rd Party Cookies .moove-gdpr-modal-left-content Privacy Overview .moove-gdpr-company-logo-holder .moove-gdpr-modal-ritle This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful. .moove-gdpr-tab-main-content #privacy_overview Strictly Necessary Cookies Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings. If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again. disable .moove-gdpr-status-bar .moove-gdpr-tab-main-content #strict-necesarry-cookies 3rd Party Cookies This website uses Google Analytics to collect anonymous information such as the number of visitors to the site, and the most popular pages. All IP address are sent anonymously to Google . Keeping this cookie enabled helps us to improve our website. disable .moove-gdpr-status-bar Please enable Strictly Necessary Cookies first so that we can save your preferences! .moove-gdpr-tab-main-content .moove-gdpr-tab-main-content #third_party_cookies .moove-gdpr-tab-content .main-modal-content Enable All Save Changes .moove-gdpr-button-holder Powered by GDPR plugin .moove-gdpr-branding .moove-gdpr-modal-footer-content .moove-gdpr-modal-right-content .moove-gdpr-modal-content #moove_gdpr_cookie_modal 