Jazzman Entertainment – New Orleans Jazz Trios, Solos and Combos plus Second Line Parades, Wedding & Dance Bands Skip to content Jazzman Entertainment New Orleans Jazz Trios, Solos and Combos plus Second Line Parades, Wedding & Dance Bands .site-branding Home Our Bands Special Events Second Lines Weddings Pics & Videos Photos Videos Music Music Samples Playlists Shop More About Jerry Embree Links / Resources Feedback Contact #site-navigation #masthead Home .entry-header Jazzman Entertainment - Providing Great New Orleans Music For Your Very Special Event ! The most famous Jazzman of them all, Louis Armstrong , had this to say about musicians: "We all 'do, re, mi,' but you have got to find the other notes yourself."  The talented musicians that make up our groups have found those “other notes.” Our artists are all full-time professional musicians. We love what we do, and it shows!  We've played thousands of weddings, cocktail receptions, second lines, social and corporate parties and international festivals. What can we do for you?           Saxophonist and singer Jerry Embree is Jazzman’s founder and director. A professional musician for over 30 years, he is endorsed by Conn-Selmer, Inc. , the largest manufacturer of band and orchestral instruments in the United States. He has recorded with music legends such as Fats Domino and Bobby Charles . Jazzman.com provides nightly musical entertainment at famed Arnaud's Restaurant, a New Orleans institution since 1918. Jazzman is also a preferred vendor for many other landmark venues, including Galatoire's, Broussard's, Pat O'Brien's, Bourbon Vieux, The Windsor Court, The Ritz-Carlton, Muriel's, The Riverview Room, Latrobe's, Antoine's, and many others. We perform constantly at practically every event space in the region. We specialize in New Orleans Jazz Trios as well as Variety Dance Bands for social and corporate functions as well as weddings.   We are experts in producing Second Line Parades.  We also offer fully produced themed shows for college performances, international festivals and corporate functions, including interactive events complete with dancers and dance instructors. Check out our playlists and demos , and enjoy our photo gallery . Let us help you make your event unforgettable .   Jerry Embree Director, Jazzman Entertainment .entry-content .entry-footer #post-## #main #primary #content © Jazzman Entertainment .site-info site-copyright #colophon #page 