Joel Mabus Home msnavigation mstheme         Home Tour Dates Latest News Recordings Song Index Lyrics MP3 Page Sheet Music Photos Biography Booking Press Kit Online Workshops FAQ Links Folk Alliance Join Email List Joel Speaks Contact or send     email to Joel mstheme msnavigation mstheme                                 This site was updated on webbot bot="Timestamp" S-Type="EDITED" S-Format="%m/%d/%Y" startspan 04/23/2019 webbot bot="Timestamp" endspan i-checksum="12567" THE TRAVELER     THE MUSIC    THE BUSINESS    THE GOOD STUFF    CONTACT                      The Joel Mabus  website folksinger instrumentalist songwriter teacher             for the complete site menu click here                or simply scroll down this page.               NO cookies, NO ads, NO kidding! BRAND NEW ALBUM is here: Time & Truth   It's about Truth, and it's about Time! Fingerstyle ukulele, old & new! UKULELE CRIMES   released March 2, 2018 available here and online at Apple & Amazon Bestseller CD of 2017 is here and everywhere!    Different Hymnals. longing for Christmas? Holiday CD of guitar music: A Parlor Guitar Christmas   or this one with singing too: How Like The Holly    Other recent CDs you may  be looking for: Mabus blues project from 2015: a bird in this world    hot disc! Looking for Clawhammer Banjo? the latest award-winning  banjo cd from Joel in 2013: Pepper's Ghost  & other banjo visitations       and there's Joel's previous hit banjo album from 2007 -- THE BANJO MONOLOGUES                      Joel's greatest hits from the 20th Century (!?!?!)  JOEL MABUS -- RETOLD          OR JUST CLICK HERE TO SEE THE WHOLE CD CATALOG  msthemeseparator   Folksinger Songwriter Instrumentalist ( DE ) "It's hard to imagine another artist on the folk scene  who combines the same concise, deceptively understated, lyrical insight and sometimes devastating wit with such world-class instrumental prowess"  Chris Rietz, MUSICHOUND FOLK, The Essential Album Guide msthemeseparator   "Joel Mabus is a free-ranging fretboard genius and funny, deep songwriter whose warm voice,  sly humor, and musicianship sweep audiences along for the ride. "Throughout his career, Joel Mabus has interwoven creativity and traditional music in satisfying balance. In concert, Joel Mabus connects. Performing in a gentle, easy manner, he may lull his audience into a relaxed state, then roll them on the floor with laughter or make them sit up and think, or stun them with his instrumental pyrotechnics. "Joel Mabus can be summed up in one word: Style. He oozes with style:  homespun sophistication, mellow innovation, low-key wizardry, and uncynical minstrelsy." Cornell Folk Song Society  (JM) msthemeseparator (JM) "Joel is one of those  quintessentially Midwestern American artists... He has a style we will always associate  with Will Rogers or Mark Twain, and a great sense of humour which  compliments, rather than contradicts,  some very serious material. He has perfected the art of  being entertaining without pandering,  he teaches without lecturing,  and does it all with great style." VANCOUVER FOLK FESTIVAL msthemeseparator MORE INFORMATION IS JUST A CLICK AWAY! SCROLL DOWN FOR TOPICS: THE TRAVELER : Tour Dates The Latest News  (what's up?) THE MUSIC : CDs and how to buy them (An overview of my recordings with a link to each CD with track listings and details) Parlor Guitar Book -- ten transcriptions   (published by Hal Leonard, inc. in 2006) Lyrics (ALL of my song lyrics album-by-album are here -- don't go to those rip-off lyric sites) Reviews   (recent reviews of CDs) Sheet Music (music, tab, and lead sheets for selected pieces) Song Index   (every song & tune in alphabetical order with the CD each is on!)  MP3 PAGE   (incl. "download of the moment") (free samples -- check for new additions, or old stuff -- who knows?) MYSPACE PAGE -- free listen to 10 entire songs! Yes, Virginia, there still is a myspace. Last time I checked, you could still hear songs, but it looked weird.  I use it as a sort of "yellow page" listing. I NEVER do email exchanges from or to there, but I do keep a listen-only set of songs there, where you can sample some of my music   THE BUSINESS : Booking  (click here to book a date if you would like to hire me for an upcoming show.  Includes promo info, tech sheet , and other details) Online Press Kit (An easy-to-use page for all your publicity needs -- text and photos) Biography & discography (excruciating detail, for those who need the nitty gritty) Photos old & new (historic family pics, early career and  current promo shots in 75, 150, or 300 dpi ) Who ARE all these people?   (a long, but partial, list of some acts -- both  famous & obscure -- I've had the pleasure to perform with)   THE GOOD STUFF : FAQ (detailed answers to frequently asked questions about my techniques  and attitudes concerning playing, writing & performing music) Workshops (lesson handouts from my festival and camp workshops) Folk Alliance   (archive of Performer's Columns I've written for the F.A. Newsletter) Joel Speaks! (a songwriter's online journal, or "blog" as the kids say. . Rants, opinions, and whimsy. Currently on extended hiatus, but hours worth of reading is here for the curious.) Links (a few worthwhile websites) THE CONTACT : Email to Joel  send me a letter to joel.mabus@pobox.com   Join my email list hear from me occasionally -- click the link to read all about it, or just send a blank email here -  joelmabuslist-subscribe@yahoogroups.com  to join Or get out a piece of paper & write the old-fashioned way: JOEL MABUS PO BOX 306 PORTAGE  MI 49081   msthemeseparator msthemeseparator Photo Credits © 2001-2019 Joel Mabus Last revised: webbot bot="TimeStamp" s-type="EDITED" s-format="%B %d, %Y" startspan April 23, 2019 webbot bot="TimeStamp" endspan i-checksum="17365" .           mstheme msnavigation msnavigation 