John Michael Talbot Catholic Musician,Composer, Author, Speaker, Community Founder Home About Founder - General Minister Kind Words from Fans Prayer Requests Prayer Requests Outside USA Store DVDs Albums Complete Discography John Michael Talbot Sheet Music The Inner Room The Inner Room Reviews Books Tour Donate Donate to Launch Viola's Granola Donate to Little Portion Hermitage Donate to St. Clare Monastery Donate to JMT's Itinerant Ministry Contact Booking Ministry Request Form Recommendations Public Relations/Marketing/WebDesign Requests to License JMT Music Brothers and Sisters of Charity Donor Relations Contact Resources Reflections 2018 Christmas Message Holy Week / Easter 2017 Pope Benedict XVI's Resignation Seasonal Reflections Reflections on Prayer Reflections on The Church Reflections on Mary Ministry Music and Musicians The Terrorist Attack on the U.S. Politics Miscelleaneous Reflections on Social Media Media Newsletter used primarily for the background of the site ||| John Michael Talbot Christian Music Pioneer, Best-Selling Author, TV Host and Founder / General Minister of The Brothers and Sisters of Charity Facebook Twitter YouTube Search Home About Store DVDs Albums Books Tour Donate Donate to Launch Viola's Granola Donate to Little Portion Hermitage Donate to St. Clare Monastery Donate to JMT's Itinerant Ministry Contact Booking Public Relations/Marketing/WebDesign Requests to License JMT Music Brothers and Sisters of Charity Donor Relations Contact Resources Reflections Media Newsletter Back Forward Pause Caption 10 FADE https://d2wldr9tsuuj1b.cloudfront.net/2815/slideshows/homeLarge/JRA-JMT-Main-Banner-no-text.jpg Invite JMT Today! /booking _self https://d2wldr9tsuuj1b.cloudfront.net/2815/slideshows/homeLarge/st-francis-sermon-on-the-mount-book-order-today.jpg New Inspiring Book from JMT! Francis of Assisi's Sermon on the Mount: Lessons from the Admonitions  Talbot applies the timeless words of St. Francis to our troubled times. In the United States and across the world, we are experiencing polarization, anger, and violence. But God is still in control, and it is important to dig deep into our Christian heritage in a way that speaks to all people. St. Francis is one of the great saints who somehow reaches across all divides, touches hearts and souls, and brings spiritual peace.   Talbot explores Francis’s  Admonitions : twenty-eight teachings that are among the most beautiful and troubling of the saint’s writings. Covering sacramental theology of the Eucharist, to communal issues of consecrated life, to very private aspects of faith and devotion, these  Admonitions  provide clear and radical road signs to the destination on our spiritual journey in Christ. Series: San Damiano Books Publisher: Paraclete Press (May 21, 2019) - Click HERE to order your copy direct from JMT! John Michael Talbot Brief Bio John Michael Talbot's multi-faceted ministry has been used by our Lord to bless millions of lives for over four decades.  He is a multi-platinum selling, Grammy / Dove award winning Contemporary Christian Music pioneer. He is recognized as one of Catholic music's most popular artists with compositions published in hymnals throughout the world. He is  celebrating his 55th album, “The Inner Room”, on his "Lifetime of Music and Ministry" concert tour. A Best-Selling Author, John Michael’s 31st book, Francis of Assisi's Sermon on the Mount was recently published in 2019.  He has recently completed a three year run as host and creator of the popular TV series “All Things Are Possible with God".  John Michael lives and leads the monastic life, which overflows into his very active ministry from Little Portion Hermitage in Arkansas and St. Clare Monastery in Texas, where he is the Founder and General Minister of the Catholic based community The Brothers and Sisters of Charity.   NOMINATIONS / AWARDS 1981 GMA Dove Award Nomination - Praise & Worship Album: Come to the Quiet 1982 GMA Dove Award Nomination - Praise & Worship Album: For the Bride 1983 GMA Dove Award WIN - Praise & Worship Album: Light Eternal 1984 GMA Dove Award Nominations Male Vocalist, Artist and Recorded Music Packaging: Songs for Worship Vol. 1 1985 NARAS President's Merit Award (Grammy®) for "Song of the Poor" recorded for Famine Relief in Ethiopia. (Song was written by JMT and recorded with Pat Boone, Debbie Boone, Russ Taff and others.) 1987 GMA Dove Award Nomination - Praise & Worship Album: Be Exalted 1988 Billboard Magazine - No.1 Christian Artist 1990 Billboard Magazine "Best Christmas Record of the Year" – “The Birth of Jesus” 1991 GMA Dove Award Nomination - Inspirational Album: The Birth of Jesus 2005 Recipient of Mercy Corps International Mother Teresa Award for Humanitarian Efforts 2005 Arkansas Hall of Fame "Entertainer of the Year"   QUOTES John Michael Talbot's passion to find great peace and meaning explains why his recordings and teachings are so powerful!  He has the message and song to change lives! Billy Ray Hearn, Founder of Capitol Christian Music Group I first saw John Michael Talbot in concert 37 years ago. It was truly a life-changing experience. And I was able to see him LIVE again. I truly believe God is using JMT in new and powerful ways... RIGHT NOW. Go and see for yourself. This is a rare and unique time to see a rare and unique musical talent - and a true minister of the gospel. A Troubadour for the Lord! Tom Booth  Dove / Grammy Award Nominated Recording Artist / Oregon Catholic Press I’ve known John Michael for more years than I’d like to remember. (I’m old).  I’ve spent weeks with him on the road, and seen him deal with all kinds of high pressure situations, both onstage and off. John’s heart has always revealed the love and compassion of Christ.  His music is uniquely his own and has profoundly ministered to tens, if not hundreds of thousands over the years, maybe even millions. Barry McGuire - Pop Music ICON, "Eve of Destruction"   The Inner Room THE INNER ROOM GRAMMY / DOVE Award Winner John Michael Talbot's HIGHLY-ANTICIPATED 55th Recording. CLICK HERE OR THE CD IMAGE TO LEARN MORE, HEAR SOUND SAMPLES AND ORDER YOUR COPY TODAY!   Home About Store DVDs Albums Books Tour Donate Donate to Launch Viola's Granola Donate to Little Portion Hermitage Donate to St. Clare Monastery Donate to JMT's Itinerant Ministry Contact Booking Public Relations/Marketing/WebDesign Requests to License JMT Music Brothers and Sisters of Charity Donor Relations Contact Resources Reflections Media Newsletter Login powered by eCatholic ® Root element of Facebook page plugin for Facebook module. 