 John L Worley Jr. - Jazz Musician, Educator and Yamaha Performing Artist - Home  John L Worley Jr. - Jazz Musician, Educator and Yamaha Performing Artist Home Profile Biography Resume Bands Mo-Chi Ensembles Music WorlView Videos Discography Events Calendar Photo Gallery Promotions & Posters In the Press Testimonials Media Coverage Contact "From the moment I laid eyes on the cover of the Reader's Digest Treasury of Short Stories with Louis Armstrong on the cover,   I knew that trumpet playing was what I would do for the rest of my life. For a shy kid, the thought of going anywhere in the world and having people understand me through music was intoxicating. I’ve been playing ever since then." - John L. Worley Jr   John L Worley Jr. is a well known jazz musician, trumpeter and teacher in the San Francisco Bay Area. His love for jazz and in particular, the trumpet, permeates his work and life. Find out more about his musical contributions and upcoming shows here.   ​​ ​ Upcoming Events Saturday, July 6th.  12:30-2pm Kristen Strom Fillmore Street Jazz Festival California St Stage San Francisco, CA details tba   Friday, July 6th. 6-8pm Ed Johnson and Novo Tempo SJZ Boombox Concert Saint James Park San Jose, CA Saturday, July 13th. Andrea Motis Big Band Stanford Jazz Workshop Stanford University Details tba   Wednesday, July 17th. Guest Clinician w/ SLO Jazz Festival Summer Jazz Workshop Cuesta College San Luis Obispo, CA details tba   Wednesday, July 17th. evening John Worley and Wally Schnalle Quartet 4 Cats 1531 Monterey St San Luis Obispo , California 9340   Friday, July 26th.  Afternoon Ed Johnson and the Barolo Boys Private engagement   Friday, July 26th. 8:30-11pm South Bay Jazz Cork-Tete Hedley Club-De Anza Hotel 233 W. Santa Clara St. San Jose, CA     Saturday, July 27th, afternoon John Worley and the Mo-Chi Ensemble Private event ​ ​ August 9th. 6pm SJZ Collective San Jose Jazz Summer Fest - Silicon Valley Stage Fairmont Hotel 170 Market St. San Jose, CA Friday, August 9th. Evening South Bay Jazz Cork-Tete Mosaic Lounge 211 S 1st St San Jose, CA 95113   Saturday, August 10th. Noon Natalia Ardis Quartet San Jose Jazz Summer Fest El Taurino Stage San Jose, CA   Saturday, August 10th.  Evening San Jose Jazz Summer Fest Jazz Jam Hedley Club-De Anza Hotel 233 W. Santa Clara St. San Jose, CA   Sunday, August 11th. 2pm Guest soloist w/ Footnotes Big Band San Jose Jazz Summer Fest Tabard Theater Stage 29 N San Pedro St Ste 200 San Jose, CA 95110   Sunday, August 18th.  4pm Charged Particles The Chick Corea Project Portola Vineyards 850 Los Trancos Road Portola Valley, CA   Saturday, August 31st.  evening SJZ Collective Art Boutiki 44 Race St, San Jose, 95126, CA   Friday September 6th. 6-8pm John Worley and the Mo-Chi Trio Pacific Art League 668 Ramona Street, Palo Alto, CA 94301   Friday, September 13th. 7-11pm Johnnie Bamont/John Worley Quartet Cliff House 1090 Point Lobos Ave. SF, CA   September 19th – 26th SJZ Collective Asia Tour More info to come!!!   ​ ​ ​ View Events Calendar Tours & Concerts People Speak... "Finally the world gets a chance to experience the music of one Bay Area's best kept secrets... Whether playing lead, or soloing in the bop style or sharing his vast knowledge with his numerous students, John brings a fresh approach to it all. Worley's music is from the heart..." Ray Vega, The Bronx, 2002 "Telling a story, making a musical statement is something to often forgotten by artist, as they are too concerned only with their playing. Thank you John for reminding me, once again, what making music is all about."  Tom E. Politzer, Lead Tenor, Tower of Power Read Testimonials Meet the Band Members of the Mo Chi Ensemble Sirens of the Pacific L-R Top: Kat Parra, Morning Nichols L-R Bottom: Wendy Waller, Amy Dabalos My Music Powered by Create your own unique website with customizable templates. Get Started 