The Journal of Music: News, Reviews & Opinion | Music Jobs & Opportunities | The Journal of Music: News, Reviews & Opinion | Music Jobs & Opportunities Skip to main content !Header Region Go to www.addthis.com/dashboard to customize your tools Follow Search form Search !Leaderboard Region Home News News – UK Reviews Articles Newsletter Latest Jobs+Opportunities Upcoming Events Upcoming Deadlines Festival Calendar Add a Listing Register Log In !Site name and Slogan The Journal of Music: News, Reviews & Opinion | Music Jobs & Opportunities !Navigation Block Menu Anonymous News News – UK Reviews Articles Newsletter Latest Jobs and Opportunities Upcoming Events Upcoming Deadlines Festival Calendar Add a Listing Register Log In !Breadcrumbs !Messages and Help !Secondary Content Region Go to www.addthis.com/dashboard to customize your tools Follow !Highlighted region !Main Content Header !Main Content Latest Listings Job 9 August Administrator Maoin Cheoil na Gaillimhe Concert 21 July The cello concerts are back! - the 5th Underground Lunchtime Recital in... Walthamstow Pumphouse Museum Opera 9 November Opera Winter Warmers with Amy Ní Fhearraigh (soprano) & David Howes (... Farmleigh House Literary & Musical Event 2 November The Irish Gothic featuring Dr. Jarleth Killeen, Dr. Katie Mishler &... Farmleigh House Concert 26 October The Esposito Quartet with Redmond O’Toole (8-string Brahms guitar) Farmleigh House News Matt Molloy Joins Cady Coleman for Launch of Space Exploration Stamps Chieftains flute-player performs with NASA astronaut at General Post Office in Dublin. Jennifer Walshe Elected to German Academy of Arts Walshe joins prestigious list of artists at the Akademie der Künste. €245k Awarded to Artists and Groups for Musical Instruments Music Capital Scheme recipients include Fiachra de hOra, Aoife Ní Bhriain, Na Píobairí Uilleann and Girls Rock Dublin. News – UK 'It is quite a lot harder now... for new talent': Report calls for Music Board for Greater Manchester Recommendations include support for grassroots venues and wider music education access. Over Seven Hundred Artists and Organisations Sign Up for Music Declares Emergency Radiohead, Christy Moore, Peggy Seeger, Nitin Sawhney, Kathryn Tickell and companies such as Rough Trade Records, Warner Music UK and Abbey Road Studios sign up to the group’s aim... New Appointments in Music: UK and Ireland (July 2019) Appointments at the Royal Scottish National Orchestra, PRS Foundation, Newpark Music Centre, and Farmleigh House. Reviews Narrow Focus on a Repellent Worldview Irish National Opera gave the world premiere of 'Least Like the Other: Searching for Rosemary Kennedy' in Galway this week, a work by composer Brian Irvine and director Netia Jones that tells the story of JFK's sister. Toner Quinn reviews. Still Feeding Folk's Roots Now in its eightieth year, Topic has just released a double-album of artists singing classic songs previously released on the label. Shannon McNamee reviews. Shining a New Light Luminosa string orchestra recently held its inaugural concerts in Galway, the first focussing on work by female composers and the second on the theme of landscape and music. Toner Quinn reviews. Articles Lose Myself in this World Don O'Mahony Cork Midsummer Festival on 19–22 June featured an ambitious new work by composer Karen Power featuring vocalists Ute Wassermann and Michelle O’Rourke, the Quiet Music Ensemble and a specially formed sound choir. Don O'Mahony reviews. To See the Changing Light Louth Contemporary Music Society's festival focussed on the work of Kaija Saariaho this year (21–22 June), with the composer in attendance. Brendan Finan reviews. An Exchange in the Truest Sense The New Irish Jazz Orchestra directed by Paul Dunlea recently collaborated with fiddle-player Martin Hayes for a concert at the Curtis Auditorium in Cork (16 June). Don O'Mahony reviews. Generation Borderless Other Voices took place in Belfast at the weekend, accompanied by a number of discussions on borders, cultural breakthroughs and the redemptive power of music, writes Toner Quinn. Latest Events Concert 21 July The cello concerts are back! - the 5th Underground Lunchtime Recital in... Walthamstow Pumphouse Museum Opera 9 November Opera Winter Warmers with Amy Ní Fhearraigh (soprano) & David Howes (... Farmleigh House Literary & Musical Event 2 November The Irish Gothic featuring Dr. Jarleth Killeen, Dr. Katie Mishler &... Farmleigh House Concert 26 October The Esposito Quartet with Redmond O’Toole (8-string Brahms guitar) Farmleigh House Concert 19 October ‘Loco Por Lorca’ featuring  poets Theo Dorgan and Keith Payne with... Farmleigh House Latest Jobs and Opportunities Job 9 August Administrator Maoin Cheoil na Gaillimhe Job 2 August Administrative Assistant Universal Music Santa Monica California Call for Submissions 15 August Appointments to the Board of the National Gallery of Ireland National Gallery of Ireland Job 2 August Administrative Assistant, A&R Sony Music, New York Job 2 August Moonshot Studio Resident Artist The Kennedy Center Upcoming Events ?php $theme_path = drupal_get_path('theme', 'jm14'); drupal_add_js($theme_path . '/js/inlineFieldLabel.js','theme'); drupal_add_js( '$(document).ready(function() { inlineFieldLabel("keyword", "#edit-filter0");});' , 'inline' ); ? Concert 21 July Galway Street Club Róisín Dubh, Galway Concert 21 July Peggy Seeger Monroe's, Galway Concert 23 July Peggy Seeger Pavilion Theatre, Dún Laoghaire Concert 23 July Malafede Trio & Andreas Varady Trio Hawk's Well Theatre, Sligo Concert 23 July Garadice @ Galway International Arts Festival Monroe's, Galway Concert 24 July Tread Softly Arts Festival, [email protected] - Theresa O’Grady, Declan Payne... Hawk’s Well Theatre Session 24 July [email protected] : Theresa O'Grady, Declan Payne and Catherine McHugh Hawk's Well Theatre, Sligo Concert 24 July Riches of Clare The Sanctuary, Queen's Hotel Concert 24 July National Youth Jazz Orchestra of Scotland Hawk's Well Theatre, Sligo Concert 24 July Sue Rynhart & Huw Warren Backstage Theatre & Centre for the Arts Upcoming Deadlines Audition 7 September GOETHE-INTITUT CHOIR INVITING NEW MEMBERS Lutherhaus Job 22 July Grants & Programmes Manager PRS Foundation Job 22 July Grants & Programmes Manager PRS Foundation Job 22 July Director of Development The Barbican Job 22 July Head of BMus Royal Conservatoire of Scotland Job 22 July Music Education Partnership Support Manager – Deadline Extended to 22 July Music Generation Job 22 July Trainee Producer National Youth Arts Wales Job 23 July Marketing Officer (Customer Communications) The Scottish Chamber Orchestra Job 23 July Learning Technologist The Royal Academy of Music Job 24 July Orchestra Manager Sage Gateshead Funding 24 July Beyond Borders The Arts Council 25 July Open Call The Arts Council / An Chomhairle Ealaíon 31 July International Showcase Fund Arts Council of Northern Ireland 31 July Momentum Music Fund Arts Council of Northern Ireland 15 August Support for the Individual Artist Programme Arts Council of Northern Ireland !Feed Icons /end #main-content !Content Aside Region /end .content-inner /end #content-column !Sidebar Regions /end #columns !Tertiary Content Region !Footer Instagram Facebook Twitter LinkedIn About / Contact Add Your Concert Reviews Advertise Listings Help My Listings My Account Newsletter Mentoring Schemes © The Journal of Music, 2000—2018 