Livermore-Amador Symphony navigation buttons at top of page Home Concerts Next Concert Pops Season Overview December February April May Prior Seasons Musicians Conductor Director Emeritus Concert-master Orchestra Members Rehearsals Youth Awards Awards application Annual Competition Competition application Competition past winners Family Concerts Fiddle Club School Concerts Youth Orchestra LASYO registration Join Us Join the Orchestra Join the Guild Support Us Tickets Donations Estate Sales Supporting Businesses Learn More Contact Us The Board Press Releases Overview / History Grants Related Groups end navbar orchestra/conductor photo, LAS logo, and title below menu bar near top of page Livermore-Amador Symphony New season, 2019–2020: Explore the season, which will include symphonies of Beethoven and Tchaikovsky, an evening of “Angels and Demons” with guest conductor Jason Klein, a Prokofiev concerto with pianist Frederic Chiu, and much more! See our preview flyer , and see part of the 2019–2020 season brochure (1.7MB pdf). Season tickets are available by mail and at the Bankhead Theater box office. Single-concert tickets are available online, by mail, and at the box office. See details on our Tickets page. LASYO Concert on August 3: This summer’s free Livermore-Amador Youth Orchestra performance begins at 8 p.m. on Saturday August 3 at the First Presbyterian Church of Livermore (4th & L Streets). Symphony Notes: Read the May 2019 edition of Symphony Notes (669KB pdf) , the newsletter published by the Symphony Guild. Business support for LAS: This is a new project to raise funds for the Symphony. Please see details on the Supporting Businesses page. The initial supporting business people are Patti Smylie of ReMax Accord and Dean Simpson at Planet Home Lending. If you would like to become one of the LAS supporting businesses, please contact Dean . Schools concerts: LAS presented concerts in April at four local schools: Dougherty and Frederiksen Elementary Schools in Dublin and Hearst and Mohr Elementary Schools in Pleasanton. Click on the photo at right to see a 1-minute video of part of the “Star-Spangled Banner” at the opening of an assembly in Pleasanton. Learn more on our School Concerts page. Pops concert on October 25: Tickets go on sale September 17 for the fund-raising concert presented annually by the Symphony Guild. POPS Shoots for the Moon! will celebrate the 50th anniversary of the landing and walk on the moon. See the Pops page for details. Estate sales managed by the Guild: Symphony Guild volunteers run estate sales professionally, with the Guild’s share of the proceeds donated to LAS. Find out more: If it’s time for an estate sale, contact the LAS Guild!   Recent concerts: Listen to the prelude talk (76MB mp3) and read the concert program booklet (906K pdf) from our “Classical Contrasts” concert of June 1. Hear the prelude talk (83MB mp3) and see the concert program booklet (1.3MB pdf) for “Dramatic Dvořák,” our April 13 concert. PayPal button for credit card donations Donate: To make a tax-deductible contribution to the Symphony, click the “Donate” button and donate by credit or debit card , or mail a check payable to Livermore-Amador Symphony Association to P.O. Box 1049, Livermore CA 94551. Details are on the donations page. The Livermore-Amador Symphony Association is a 501(c)(3) organization. (Tax ID 23-7001614.)   Orchestra members: See details on the rehearsals page. (For some restricted info which was updated 6/3/19, click here .) Facebook link, Twitter link                      footer at bottom right with photo credit and copyright info orchestra photo by Clark Streeter, 4/9/16 school concert photo and video by Carol Boster, 4/25/19 website © Livermore-Amador Symphony Association Back to Top button 