London Shostakovich Orchestra London Shostakovich Orchestra Home Gallery Links Our Next Concert Previous Concerts Contact About the Orchestra Formed in November 1999, the London Shostakovich Orchestra is one of the capital’s most exciting amateur ensembles. For most of that time, our conductor has been Christopher Cox , and our Leader, Jonathan Lee . The inaugural concert on 13th May 2000, in which the main work was Shostakovich’s 10th Symphony drew praise from audience and critics alike. One listener commented that he was “astonished by the extremely high standard of performance and interpretation.” The orchestra exists to provide serious musicians with the opportunity to rehearse and perform symphonic repertoire to a high standard,  with particular emphasis on the works of Dmitri Dmitrovich Shostakovich, his contemporaries and other Russian composers. Drawing its membership mainly but not exclusively from the London amateur and semi-professional musical communities, enthusiastic players of a good standard are warmly invited to apply for membership. The Symphony Cycle We achieved our original objective of performing all of Shostakovich’s symphonies with our concert on 8 March 2014 featuring Symphony No 14. We’ve performed Symphonies No. 5, 7, 8 and 11 more than once. Our most recent concert in June 2019 featured Shostakovich’s 11th Symphony, together with Prokofiev’s Lieutenant Kije Suite. Our next concert will be Saturday  26 September 2020. It will feature Shostakovich 4th Symphony, written in 1935 but not performed for 25 years! Shostakovich’s symphonic works are an expensive undertaking for an amateur orchestra, so if you would like to come and hear us play, we would very much appreciate your support! At present, the orchestra is funded only from players’ contributions and ticket sales. Alternatively, if you would be interested in making a donation towards the costs of our activities, sponsoring a future event or sponsoring this website, we’d be more than happy to hear from you! For all enquiries, please  complete the form on our Contact page, or email info@shostakovich.com Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Unless otherwise specified, all content © London Shostakovich Orchestra 2019. All Rights Reserved. 41 queries. 0.833 seconds. 