Home | Maxx James Augustus body start html embeds start body start html embeds end ©2019 by Maxx James Augustus MAXX JAMES - AUGUSTUS Singer Songwriter From Langley British Columbia, Canada BIO Maxx James is also Augustus, singer songwriter from Langley British Columbia, Canada. Maxx/Augustus has been writing songs and performing as both a solo artist and with bands for many years. His styles range from acoustic singer/songwriter to electric blues and rock. He loves to perform in small intimate coffee houses and on stage at bigger venues. Maxx/Augustus has recorded and released 3 albums and is working on his 4th. He has remastered his first 'Times Are Changing' album and it is now available from his website. He will also release his 12 song tribute to Neil Young album as soon as the final mechanical rights are completed. The album will then be available on this website and other platforms.  ​ Maxx/Augustus is a Canadian with Dutch and Indonesian heritage. Learned to play the guitar as a young teen in Winnipeg at the legendary Guitarland. Moved to BC in 1978 and is a true lover of the West Coast for all it offers from the great weather, great food, great music, great scenery  to all the great and diverse people that make the West Coast of BC their home. Get in Touch NEWS What's Happening LIVE AT THE WATER SHED ARTS CAFE Recorded live at the Water Shed Arts Cafe May 4, 2019 for Water Shed Artist Compilation Album. Mastering almost complete and then will be available. NEW VIDEO FOR 4EVER MORE IS UP! My new video for 4Ever More is up on this website! Please check it out! Thank you to videographer and editor Brian Salisbury and thank you also to Pim Bouwens who engineered and produced 4Ever More! NEW WEBSITE New website up and running! Thank you for checking it out. Much more to come! MAXX JAMES AUGUSTUS COVERS NEIL YOUNG Coming soon is my 12 song Neil Young tribute album. Finalizing mechanical rights and then will be available here and on other platforms. LIVE PERFORMANCES Trading Post Brewery & Tasting Room 20120 64 Ave Langley. B.C.  Wednesday July 24, 2019 6:30 PM "Electric Set" ​ GALLERY MJA7Jan19Ajpg.jpg Show More CONTACT Email Me Here maxx@maxxjames.com Home Bio News Music Music Videos Live Photo Gallery Contact More No Footer body end html embeds start body end html embeds end 