MEANYC MOBILE MEANYC Home About Statement of Purpose President's Remarks 2018 Executive Board 2018-19 Past Presidents Events at a Glance Presto! Workshops Resources Contact Us Member Login/Signup // logo or site title markup in nav area MEANYC Home / About / Statement of Purpose President's Remarks 2018 Executive Board 2018-19 Past Presidents Events at a Glance / Presto! / Workshops / Resources / Contact Us / Member Login/Signup / navigation-top // page thumbnail image as banner image // logo or site title markup in banner area MEANYC In Pursuit of Quality Music Education For All Children // page title markup in banner area Home banner-area-wrapper // logo or site title markup in nav area MEANYC Home / About / Statement of Purpose President's Remarks 2018 Executive Board 2018-19 Past Presidents Events at a Glance / Presto! / Workshops / Resources / Contact Us / Member Login/Signup / navigation-bottom page-header-wrapper Welcome   Welcome to the Music Educators' Association of New York City (MEANYC). We are a not for profit organization committed to the pursuit of a quality music education for every child. The primary focus of the organization is to encourage a cooperative professional relationship among the music educators of New York City.   Member Login/Signup // CATEGORY NAV   Features and News Our New President-Elect We are excited to announce that board member Gina Costanza, who is currently our secretary and social media chair, will be stepping up to the role as President Elect next school year, under the leadership of our fabulous president Patti Peltz.  New Edition of Presto MEANYC and the NYC Department of Education hosted the annual Honors Music Festival on Saturday, March 30th at Grand Street Campus in Brooklyn. We are excited to announce the second publication of our new journal - Presto! This is a publication for MEANYC members, written by local music educators. Kudos to Graham Johnson, Carmen Elias, Leonore Nelson, and Jennifer Schecter for writing feature articles for this edition. Please check out the newest edition by clicking here. MEANYC 2019-2020 Workshop Series We are extremely excited the announce our MEANYC 2019 - 2020 workshop series. Next year, we will be offering six workshops, with a total of twelve clinicians on topics membered requested at past workshops, and through our end of year survey. Each workshop will satisfy 4 hours of CTLE credit. We are very happy to share that this year, we will be offering our first ENL and Music workshop. For teachers who need CTLE credit, New York State requires that 15 hours are focused on ENL - so going forward, we will be offering one each year that is still relevant to music. Full abstracts for the workshops will be announced by the end of the school year, or in early summer. Please click the flyer to see details on each workshop. MEANYC 2019 Highlights We wanted to pass along some highlights we have planned for next school year. Our executive board has been working hard to pick the dates for all of our upcoming events. Please click the flier with a list of events and festivals we will be hosting. Our workshop dates, with full descriptions of each session, will be announced shortly. Upcoming Events with MEANYC Events at a Glance Thumbnail Main Image Events: Date Box Sep 24 Products: Quick View Metadata (Above Title) Events: Date Sep 24, 2019 Categories Social Events Title Annual Fall Gathering Metadata (Below Title) Events: Date Sep 24, 2019 Categories Social Events Metadata (Below Content) Events: Date Sep 24, 2019 Categories Social Events End .summary-content End .summary-item Thumbnail Main Image Events: Date Box Feb 8 Products: Quick View Metadata (Above Title) Events: Date Feb 8, 2020 Categories Festivals Title Middle School Festival Metadata (Below Title) Events: Date Feb 8, 2020 Categories Festivals Metadata (Below Content) Events: Date Feb 8, 2020 Categories Festivals End .summary-content End .summary-item Thumbnail Main Image Events: Date Box Mar 28 Products: Quick View Metadata (Above Title) Events: Date Mar 28, 2020 Categories Festivals Title High School Honors Festival Metadata (Below Title) Events: Date Mar 28, 2020 Categories Festivals Metadata (Below Content) Events: Date Mar 28, 2020 Categories Festivals End .summary-content End .summary-item Thumbnail Main Image Events: Date Box Apr 29 Products: Quick View Metadata (Above Title) Events: Date Apr 29, 2020 Categories Honoree Dinner Title Annual Honoree Dinner Metadata (Below Title) Events: Date Apr 29, 2020 Categories Honoree Dinner Metadata (Below Content) Events: Date Apr 29, 2020 Categories Honoree Dinner End .summary-content End .summary-item End .summary-item-list End .summary-item-list-container   MEANYC Instagram Feed   content-wrapper page-body-wrapper ©2018  MEANYC      |     Music Educators' Association of New York City      |     email us       page-footer-wrapper canvas-wrapper 