The Metropolitan Jazz Orchestra | Denver CO MJO HOME Page The Band About The MJO MJO Players Book the MJO! Audio Video Our Mission Mission Statement Work With Us Donations Sponsors Programs For Educators MJO Presents Guest Artists Contact Us Executive Director Musical Director Operating MGR Dates Calendar & Events eStore CDs Apparel Chop Saver Lessons Join Us Social Media! Email Sign-Up Site Map Metropolitan Jazz Orchestra Add class and sophistication to your next event with the MJO , Denver Colorado, known as "the premier jazz orchestra of the Rocky Mountain area".   SCEN3's review of MJO at Dazzle!   Featuring many of Denver's finest jazz musicians, the MJO performs the toe-tapping, finger-snapping big band hits of the 40's & 50's, as well as: modern, contemporary big band jazz latin and bossa nova rock and "motown" modern pop hits from the 80's & 90's traditional and holiday programs, too! MJO features two outstanding vocalists, Suzanne Morrison and Doug Barta, who sing from a wide selection of classics, including: Frank Sinatra Michael Buble Harry Connick, Jr. Antonio Carlos Jobim Ella Fitzgerald, and others!   With an extensive reportoire , we can tailor a performance to any theme or occasion. Swing to the sounds of: Brian Setzer Count Basie, Stan Kenton, Buddy Rich Glenn Miller, Tommy Dorsey,Woody Herman.. and many, many more!   MJO is an established non-profit [501(c)3] performing organization, based in Denver CO, that not only plays great but looks great, with a polished and professional appearance and stage demeanor. Reasonably priced! the MJO is perfect for: jazz festivals concerts swing dances New Years Eve celebrations holiday gatherings corporate parties weddings and anniversaries     If you'd like to reserve the MJO for your event, please go to our booking page . Or, email us for more information . We look forward to performing for you at your next event! Taste of Jazz - Buddy Rich Tribute! Nov. 18th - See our calendar/ticket link soon! Next showÉA Taste of Jazz Ð Big Band BeatlesÉSat, Mar 12th. See our calendar. 