Michael Garrett composer and pianist Welcome to the website of composer and pianist Michael Garrett   On these pages you will find comprehensive information regarding Michael and his works All works can be viewed and ordered from The Scottish Music Centre . alternatively you can contact Michael at the address or telephone number on the Works page Michael is available for piano tution in the Edinburgh area. If you would like to find out more, please contact him direct. Film about Michael Garrett and his music Soliloquy by young Polish director Magda Dragan recieved its premiere at Film House, Edinburgh on 19th June 2012. Watch a trailer here: Soliloquy (trailer) from Magda Dragan on Vimeo . Events Sunday 20th October, 2013 Concert given by the Michael Garrett Experience St. Giles' Cathedral, Edinburgh. 6pm Admission free A selection of vocal and instrumental works by Michael Garret and others Programme >>   Recording Listen to FANTASIA No 3 for String Orchestra, performed by Philomusica of Edinburgh (Director: Lawrence Dunn), Palmerston Place Church, Edinburgh, Wednesday 10th August 2011: Complete Recording New Article on Michael Garrett Read Tony Garner's article on Michael here .   Stirling Copeland ('cello), Michael Garrett (piano), Ishbel Maltman (soprano), Colleen Nicoll (soprano) and Yuuka Yamada (violin) performing Michael's What's in the Air? at St Giles Cathedral Edinburgh, Sunday 31st May 2011   New Recording "offers a welcome breath of sincere, dogma-free generosity of spirit" Jonathan Woolf, Musicweb International "...jazz and blues idioms which I have to say were exceedingly skillfully employed and I enjoyed every piece immensely" Stephen Sutton, Divine Art UK Michael's very first CD is now available consisting of piano works on the Polish label Acte Prèalable performed by the brilliant Barbara Karaśkiewicz. The UK distributor is : CD No.AP0232 Disc Imports Ltd. Magnus House. 8 Ashfield Road, Cheadle, Cheshire. Tel: 0161 491 6655 email: dimus@aol.com . It is also available on Amazon.com. A review of this CD by Jonathan Woolf and be found on the musicweb-international website . All the music on this disc is published by Europa Edition Ltd . New Publishing Deal Europa Edition Ltd have recently added two songs to their catalogue : Searching for Spring and Galla water in a dual volume - available now.   Garrett and David Bowie... ...with Jack Bennett in a Film titled Pierrot in Turquoise is available from for purchase from the Scottish Film Archive, Glasgow. Excerpts can be seen on this YouTube page .   Pioneering On-line Music Publishing Company takes on Garrett Work Fagus-Music.com have recently added Epithalamion I for Organ (op.203) to their catalogue. It will be available from their website soon. New Work celebrating Burns Centenary Michael recently completed settings of Galla Water in settings for Soprano & Piano, Mezzo Soprano & Piano and Flugelhorn & Piano. Listen to excerpts : Galla Water - Setting for Mezzo Soprano & Piano (Ishbel Kennedy Maltman, Michael Garrett) Galla Water - Setting for Soprano & Piano (Coleen Nicoll, Michael Garrett) Other new recordings available on the listen page include : Epithalamion I for Organ - commissioned and performed live at St. Giles Cathedral, Edinburgh, 2nd November 2008 by Elizabeth Day. Symphony No.12 "Le Retour de Printemps" - commissioned and performed live at the Methodist Church, Nicholson Square, Edinburgh, 2nd November 2008 by the New Edinburgh Orchestra / Tim Paxton. 'Music from the heart, wide-ranging, a deep mind, painting wonderful colours' Derek Watson: Master Musicians Series Author on Liszt and Bruckner. 18.03.06 'Garrett squeezes all kinds of possibilities out of his Mendelssohn arrangement without losing the essential lyricism of the piece. I found it invigorating to listen to - like an aural adventure, broadening the feelings. He seemed to get inside the music and expand it and bring the listener new insights and exhilaration - an architectural tour de force!' From an article by Hayden McAllister (Author and Journalist) on Michael Garrett's arrangement of Mendelssohn's overture 'The Hebrides' for two pianos, commissioned by the New Kirkcudbright International Arts Festival, Scotland. August 2004. 11.12.04 Website by Dan Goren 