Mike Scott - Acoustic Punk Mike Scott - Acoustic Punk Archive Subscribe Ask me anything Upcoming Shows Free Downloads About Me Facebook Kevin Seconds Split 7" Buy Merchandise/ CDs / Tapes Mike Scott. 6ft 6. London, England. Vocalist for Lay It On The Line. Ex-bassist of Phinius Gage. Acoustic Punk. 3 solo albums. 6th March 2014 Video with 3 notes bit of an update… i haven’t been doing too much acoustic stuff, concentrating on lay it on the line…but, now i’ve been booked to play REBELLION FESTIVAL this august again, which will be ace.. also, i’m going to be doing a 3-way split with joe tilston (random hand) and boss caine, from york. recording soon. so yeah, back on it! Tagged: Rebellion Festival Joe Tilston random hand boss caine 13th November 2013 Photo Bit of an update…. So it’s November. Just over a year since my solo album came out. It’s getting another pressing at the moment, via Aaahh!! Real Records. They are also pressing Lay It On The Line’s new EP Vigilance - which you can get for free at http://layitontheline.bandcamp.com  - do it! The last few months has been musically busy - writing, recording and releasing ‘Vigilance’, writing a few demos for some new acoustic stuff - and resurrecting Phinius Gage. The whole of the band’s back catalogue is now free from http://phiniusgage.bandcamp.com Gigswise - going to do some shows with Bristol’s Svalbard in the new year - then a Europe tour. And, definitely a new solo release. Tagged: phinius gage lay it on the line vigilance 14th June 2013 Photo with 3 notes so a bit of a life update… 1) lay it on the line are taking up most of my musical time at the moment…our mini album came out digitally in march, it’s available on vinyl in time for our tour on the mainland in july. you can get the download for free from  http://layitontheline.bandcamp.com/album/crowhurst 2) our split with arizona on 7" will be out in time for the shows too :) the shows are up on my gig list. you can get the download of the split free from:  http://layitontheline.bandcamp.com/album/lay-it-on-the-line-arizona-split  (the cover is the picture above) 3) we are back AGAIN in the studio in august to record a new EP…it’s being recorded in the same place we did our songs for the split, the ranch in southampton. if it’s good enough for landscapes, sharks, more than life, pariso then it’s good enough for us… 4) i’m just starting a new side project - a powerviolence band with tilston from random hand and matt from lay it on the line. i’ll be playing guitar and screaming. exciting. thankyou for support, as ever! mike Tagged: lay it on the line landscapes sharks more than life arizona tour 14th June 2013 Photo with 1 note my album sold out. so it’s getting a 2nd pressing, a short one, with a different cover. it’s up for sale now from my english label: http://shop.real-records.co.uk/products/505719 it’s £6 including delivery :) Tagged: fiesta de los muertos 21st March 2013 Photo with 1 note So, my band’s been really busy. We have a debut 9 song mini album out now digitally (on vinyl soon) - you can get it here: http://layitontheline.bandcamp.com or a zip file from here: http://www.mediafire.com/?6ul99zg882506dt and last weekend we went to record 2 songs for a split 7" with belgian band arizona. they sound FUCKING AMAZING. ranch studios are geniuses. Tagged: lay it on the line crowhurst ukhc Page 1 of 27 ← Previous page • container 