Mirage Band BODY PAGE CONTENT attach JavaScripts Brand and toggle get grouped for better mobile display Toggle navigation Mirage Music Home About Services Big Band Orchestra Mirage Jazz Band Latin Jazz Band Blues Band References Contact /.navbar-collapse /.container-fluid first section - Home Mirage Band Mirage has the top performers and musicians in Southern California since 1993 Continue /first section second section - About The best musicians for corporate and private events Mirage Music specializes in jazz, latin jazz, big band and light classical musicians. All of the musicians in the Mirage Jazz and Big Band are established professional musicians with recordings out and have played for special events for many years. Glenn Richardson currently runs Mirage Music and he is a top jazz saxophonist and flutist in SoCal and was head of Jazz Studies at Stanford University. He also founded Celebrity Talent International a major celebrity booking agency in San Diego. The Big Band Orchestra performs as 7-10 pieces depending on budget and stage area. Corporate dinner dances and wedding receptions use this band frequently for an elegant big band or Gatsby theme sound. Please take a listen to some of our music, thanks. PLAYER START Sugar audio/Sugar.mp3 audio/Sugar.ogg Beautiful Love audio/Beautiful_Love.mp3 audio/Beautiful_Love.ogg Canon audio/Canon_inD_Pachelbel-Fl_Harp.mp3 audio/Canon_inD_Pachelbel-Fl_Harp.ogg No HTML5 audio playback capabilities for this browser. Use Chrome Browser! PLAYER END /second section third section - Services Our Music Styles Big Band Orchestra Mirage plays energetic music for your cocktail hour, smooth jazz & soft romantic ballads during dinner and then when you want dancing, we will get your guests up and dancing to a variety of classics in jazz, big band, pop and the band can even do formal ballroom styles for formal event. Mirage Jazz Band They are the perfect fit for corporate special events, award ceremonies, presentations or general session openers, where musical play-ons and play-offs are needed. A sound system and microphone is always provided so you can make announcements as needed Latin Jazz Get your party moving, dancing and grooving to the up beat sounds of Tito Puente's - Oye Como Va. If you are ready to fill your evening with some sizzling sounds, then the Latin JazzÂ  Band is who you want!Â  Blues Band The Blues Mirage, a San Diego blues band, is a special events music group specializing in blues, jazz, rhythm & blues and classic rock and roll. /third section fourth section - Information References CORPORATE EVENTS LA Convention Center "I just wanted to thank all of you for doing such a great job for Microsoft. I appreciate all of your amazing talents and I am so blessed to have each of you to partner with for a successful event." Â  Christie Stringer, Background Productions - LA Convention Center Â  La Quinta Resort All the feedback I received from the client was very positive. Your band did a phenomenal job. I will definitely work with you again in the future. Chiah Lee-Zampi -Empire Entertainment, MicrosoftÂ  Awards Program - La Quinta Resort Coronado Golf Club Thank you and the Mirage Band for an outstanding performance at the Coronado Crown Club Valentines Day Dance. The music, variety of music, mix, and vocals were excellent, and the sets were not too long. The band played until the end.Â I wanted to give you and the band this positive feedback, based on comments received during the dance and the discussion at our Board Meeting this week.Â  Best wishes,Â  Ed Morris, Coronado Golf ClubÂ  Hyatt Aventine La Jolla "By the way - everyone has been raving about you! Hope to dance to you again. Thanks!"-- Meshell ZwickerDinner/Dance - Hyatt Aventine La Jolla San Diego Marriott SPIE is thrilled to be working with MIRAGE again this year in San Diego. It is always a pleasure to work with you and your talented musicians,-- Marla Entrikin, International Society for Optical Engineering - Dinner/Dance - San Diego Marriott San Diego Marriott Thank you for graciously accepting the engagement for NAGGL and totally impressing them. You have been a pleasure to work with! ... you clearly pleased the audience -- Marcia Snow, Blue Feather ManagementÂ  Trade Show Open House - San Diego Marriott WEDDINGS AND PRIVATE PARTIES The Prado at Balboa ParkÂ  "We just wanted to thank you again for doing such a wonderful job at our wedding. The music was absolutely divine and just what we wanted. On such a special day for us, thank you for contributing so much. Music is an important part of life and sets the mood and tone so often. You gave us the classic, comfortable, relaxing and fun mood we wanted. Thanks you for being so professional and friendly."Â  - Amy & David ThomasÂ  Wedding at Twin Oaks We had an absolute blast at our wedding. You guys did a great job and everyone complemented us on our band choice, your sound, the music choices that were played. Thank you for doing your thing, I will definitely recommend you guys to anyone that asks. - Thanks, Elliot Pala Mesa Resort Wedding Thank you all so much for making our wedding day extra special and grand. The music and entertainment that you all provided was beyond our expectations. Our guests are continuing to make comments as to how professional and perfect you all were. We thoroughly enjoyed listening, watching and dancing to your fabulous array of music. You played everything that was requested and so much more. We highly recommend your band and wish we could have our wedding all over again; we would select you all in a second. - Ed & Melinda Sicard Wedding Long Beach Yacht Club We were so thankful you were there...the vocalist was fantastic, the music was great you were so smooth. We all had a great time and have wonderful memories. - Bob & Cathy Steuber Wedding El Cortez Hotel Just a note to thank you and your fellow musicians for performing at our wedding reception. You all made our wedding day truly special and a joyous occasion for everyone. - Warmest Regards, Treslynn Gomez, Pacific Event Productions Lodge At Torrey Pines Just wanted to thank you for making our wedding reception so wonderful.Â  The band was better than anything we could have asked for.Â  Every song, detail, etc. were perfect.Â  Truly a class act.Â  We were so happy (and still are!!!). - Christina and Patrick Waters Wedding - Lodge At Torrey Pines /fourth section fifth section A Few of the Events We Have Played For American Integrity Insurance Group - Wynn Hotel, Las Vegas CUSCO Financial holiday party at Tom Ham's Lighthouse United Agribusiness League - Disneyland Grand Resort 100th Anniversary of Naval Aviation USS Midway with Kenny Loggins KFC Convention opening act for Lady Antebellum Qualcomm awards dinners at Natural History Museum, Balboa Park Conoco Phillips convention, Hotel del Coronado CIGNA Insurance - Hotel del Coronando, San Diego CA Microsoft Conference - La Quinta Resort CA Hormel Corporation - Annual Sales Meeting - Austin TX Buick Invitational Golf Tournament - San Diego Marriott Accenture Golf Tournament La Costa Resort - Gala Party with Bonnie Raitt Budweiser National Sales Convention - San Diego Convention Center Microsoft Convergence Event - Embarcadero Park - San Diego New Years Eve Gala - USS Midway San Diego Padres & Petco Park Stadium - opening day VIP celebration Super Bowl XXXVII - San Diego Sports Elite player party San Diego Padres Celebration for Tony Gwynn's Final season at Qualcomm Stadium New York Yankees World Series Victory Party at the San Diego Hyatt Hotel SuperBowl XXXII Post Super Bowl Party Sheraton Torrey Pines Hotel Ford Motor Corporation Sales Award at La Costa Spa & Resort Former First Lady, Barbara Bush at the Loew's Coronado Resort American Bar Association Awards Ceremony at San Diego Marriott Hotel /fifth section google map /google map footer Copyright © Mirage Band 2016 /footer 