Miracle Mule - The Bay Area's Favorite Swampy Tonk Dance Band! Bio Shows Booking Music Gallery News Contact Bio Shows Booking Music Gallery News Contact Scroll   Live Music sUMMER 2019   Miracle Mule is a rocking, hoof-stomping, tail-swishing band from Marin County, California.  Some folks might describe our music as good-time Americana, others might say it's down-home country with a heavy dose of Louisiana hot sauce.  We prefer to just call it "swampy tonk."  However you describe it, it's fun and energetic, irresistibly danceable, with rich harmonies and solid song writing.  We play at  most of the more prestigious venues in the north bay, as well as a host of wineries, festivals and concert series.  We have a loyal following, but there's always room for more.  Check us out soon.  Dance, Laugh, Bray. Available For Hire Summer is the funnest season of the year & hey, look, here it is!  If you happen to be planning a backyard BBQ, a neighborhood block party, a company picnic or a fund-raiser for your organization, how about ratcheting the fun up a notch with some live music?  And live music doesn’t come much livelier than the Mules.  Once you have a date in mind contact us at  Dick@MiracleMule.com  and we’ll start planning this thing together.  Party on / Mule on! Learn More . Now Booking Summer & Fall 2019. San Francisco Zoo - Sat/Sun July 20-21, 11:30-2:30 It’s not clear from our contract if they’re hiring us to play music or if we’re supposed to be part of their new equestrian petting zoo. But it should be fun either way. The zoo is at Sloat Blvd & The Great Hwy. Here’s a map to the Mule “exhibit.” CA Gold Rush 170th Anniversary Celebration/Fundraiser - Sat July 27, 5-9pm This is a fundraiser for a great cause: the RiteCare Childhood Language Center . In keeping with the Gold Rush theme, western costumes are encouraged. A full 4-course surf or turf dinner is included — they’ll be clanging the dinner bell around 6:00 — with Mule music & dancing before & after. Tickets are $50 and you must purchase in advance by July 20. The event will be held at the Scottish Rite Masonic Center, 2850 19th Avenue in San Francisco. See y’all there! Mules Hibernate in Recording Studio - Album #3 Underway We didn’t waste the  whole  winter hibernating – we’ve been taking advantage of the off-season to get busy recording our long-awaited third album. It’s tentatively titled “Romp in the Swamp,” and it’s shaping up to be a worthy successor to 2015’s acclaimed “ Swampy Tonkin ’.”  Resident songwriters Geoff Mack and Dick Bay have been busy, and they’ve compiled twenty-some Mule-ish tunes that they’ll whittle down to a dozen or so.  These include favorites from the current live repertoire such as “Delta Queen,” “Mule On,” “ They Don’t Want No Train ” and of course, “ Romp in the Swamp .”  The project is a not only a great way to tough out the winter, but also the perfect tribute to their tenth year.  There’s still a lot of work to be done, but stay tuned for a release party this summer. Or maybe fall. SUBSCRIBE TO THE NEWSLETTER FOLLOW   BUY THE CD Email Address Sign Up Thank you! Swampy Tonk Masters Featured Event Newsletter - Social media HOME       BIO       SHOWS       BOOKING       MUSIC     GALLERY     NEWS       CONTACT Copyright © 2019 by Miracle Mule.  All rights reserved. 