Musikmesse - Europe’s biggest trade fair for the music industry Skip Back Close navigation Facts & Figures Product segmente, basic data, reasons for your visit Facts & Figures Facts & Figures Product groups Partners of Musikmesse Musikmesse worldwide Exhibitors & Products Exhibitor search Musikmesse 2019 Themes & Events Concerts, lectures, awards Themes & Events Themes & Events Networking Education Festival Arena Musikmesse Festival Awards Musikmesse Plaza Special Interest Videos 2019 Planning & Preparations Information for visitors and exhibitors Planning & Preparations Planning & Preparations Information for exhibitors Information for exhibitors Information for exhibitors Guitar Boutique Village Promotion material FAQ Information for visitors Exhibition Grounds Arrival & Stay Exhibitor Services Services for your stand Exhibitor Services Exhibitor Services Ordering Services Stand Construction and Equipment Stand Construction and Equipment Stand Construction and Equipment Stand Engineering Stand Services and Personnel Service Packages Messe Frankfurt WiFi Logistics and Traffic Management Logistics and Traffic Management Logistics and Traffic Management Traffic Management Catering Business Matchmaking Advertising media Advertising media Advertising media Indoor advertising Outdoor advertising Advertising in digital media Advertising in trade fair publications - Version frankfurt daily Download logos and advertising material Press Press releases, press photos and contact Press Press Press releases Press material Tickets & Registration Opening times Contact Musikmesse worldwide Close search Search Overall search Content Exhibitors & Products Overall search Content Exhibitors & Products Search Close Share Facebook Twitter VK LinkedIn Xing Recommend page by email Copy to clipboard Menu Search [if IE 9]><audio><![endif] [if IE 9]></audio><![endif] EN Aktuell gewählte Sprache DE - Deutsch EN - English Celebrate 40 years of Musikmesse: 1 – 4 April 2020 Book your booth! Musikmesse in social media Follow us 1 – 4 April 2020 Frankfurt am Main Tickets & Registration Musikmesse: Europe’s biggest trade fair for the music industry Visit Musikmesse and meet international professionals from all parts of the music industry – from instrument and accessory manufacturers, via sheet music and publishers, to music production, music education, media and marketing. The whole music sector and musicians from all over the world come together at Musikmesse in Frankfurt am Main! What you can expect at Musikmesse 2020 The 40th anniversary edition of Musikmesse will be held from Wednesday to Saturday, 1 to 4 April 2020. Next year, the show will once again be positioned as the international trade fair for the music business with a clear focus on professional encounters. Additionally, there will be offered a special ticket for private visitors on the Friday and Saturday when Musikmesse will present an expanded programme of events with numerous workshops, concerts and entertainment. Music Business and networking Forge new business contacts and strengthen existing business relationships for the trade, music production, media production and music education. Build up your specialist and musical expertise and meet a host of international players. A huge programme of events, conferences and concerts Around 1,000 events at the Exhibition Centre and throughout Frankfurt am Main with professionals from the music industry as well as clinics with stars from the music scene. The platform for your music business Nowhere else in Europe can you meet so many exhibitors, retailers, distributors and professionals from the fields of musical instruments, music production, sheet music and accessories. Our business programmes make Musikmesse a magnet for key communicators and retailers. A stylish Networking Are aoffers a perfect environment for business discussions in a relaxed atmosphere. New in 2020 Home of Drums (3 + 4 April 2020) The international drum industry is launching an innovative meet-up concept for drummers and percussionists from all parts of the world: Home of Drums will combine product presentations, knowledge transfer, concerts and performances organized by our partner OnlineLessons.tv More information Hall plan 2020 Get an overview of the fairgrounds. Exhibition Grounds Ihr Messeauftritt Hier finden Sie alle wichtigen Informationen für Ihre Messevorbereitung, Standmietpreise und können sich zur nächsten Musikmesse anmelden. planen Sie Ihren Messeauftritt Produktgruppen Verschaffen Sie sich hier einen Überblick über die einzelnen Produkte auf der Musikmesse. Produktgruppen Thank you for visiting Musikmesse 2019 The world of the music sector met from 2 to 5 April 2019 in Frankfurt am Main. See you next year in April 2020. Impressions of Musikmesse 2019 Stars at Musikmesse 2019: More videos 2019 Exhibitors and product search 2019 Here you will find an overview of all exhibitors and products at Musikmesse 2019. Zur Aussteller- und Produktsuche ?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ? Generator: Adobe Illustrator 15.1.0, SVG Export Plug-In . SVG Version: 6.00 Build 0) For exhibitors Are you interested in exhibiting at the next Musikmesse? Book your booth, here! Planning & preparation ?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ? Generator: Adobe Illustrator 15.1.0, SVG Export Plug-In . SVG Version: 6.00 Build 0) For visitors From October 2019 you can buy your online ticket for the next Musikmesse here. Planning & preparation ?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ? Generator: Adobe Illustrator 15.1.0, SVG Export Plug-In . SVG Version: 6.00 Build 0) For journalists Download the press texts and photos, forge contacts and obtain your accreditation online. Press area Musikmesse in social networks Filter by Facebook Twitter Previous Next Previous Next Music Mail Register for our Newsletter „Music Mail" Register here Social Media Follow us on our social media channels and get all news first. Follow us Stay up to date Subscribe to our newsletter Follow us facebook twitter instagram youtube pinterest xing If you need more help, let us know ?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ? Generator: Adobe Illustrator 15.1.0, SVG Export Plug-In . SVG Version: 6.00 Build 0) Contact us How to get to Musikmesse ?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ? Generator: Adobe Illustrator 15.1.0, SVG Export Plug-In . SVG Version: 6.00 Build 0) Plan your arrival Imprint Privacy policy Contact Messe Frankfurt Exhibition GmbH Close Off Canvas Close Messe Frankfurt uses cookies to provide you the best possible browsing experience. By using our services, you consent to our use of cookies. More information Close MF SSO Permabar Webtrekk 3.2.2, (c) www.webtrekk.com Global /Webtrekk Webtrekk 3.2.2, (c) www.webtrekk.com QI /Webtrekk 