School of Music Skip Navigation School of Music Header Content OU Homepage Search OU The University of Oklahoma /.fluid-container /.fluid-container target of accessibility skip nav /featurepar /row-fluid /container-fluid /feature Skip Side Navigation Code component. Use to include scripts, css, or html. School of Music Home Auditions & Admissions Faculty & Staff Degree Programs Areas & Ensembles Performances & Events Calendar Workshops & Camps Student & Faculty Successes Student Resources Facilities New Horizons Band Give to the School of Music About Us Contact Us Vacancy Announcements Faculty & Staff Resources Room Calendars Streaming Performances Live Stream Live Stream Schedule Facebook Facebook Like Box docs are at https://developers.facebook.com/docs/reference/plugins/like-box/ We're using the following: show-faces - specifies whether or not to display profile photos in the plugin. Default value: true. stream - specifies whether to display a stream of the latest posts from the Page's wall /nav Code component. Use to include scripts, css, or html. Welcome to the School of Music! If you are passionate about the art and craft of music, we share that passion. Established in 1908, the OU School of Music has been helping students pursue their musical and academic dreams for more than a century. Combining a world-class faculty and staff, state of the art facilities, and a comprehensive array of inspiring performance and academic opportunities, we invite you to join us as we aspire to create the musical future. The OU School of Music Excellence On Stage Excellence In The Classroom (spacer) Events & Announcements Code component. Use to include scripts, css, or html. Summer Activities Summer String Academy July 21 - August 3 Registration deadline: May 15 The University of Oklahoma Summer String Academy is an intensive workshop focused on the study and performance of solo and chamber music repertoire for violin, viola, cello and piano. Accepted participants will rehearse, perform, and receive daily faculty instruction as members of an assigned chamber ensemble. Additionally, each student will receive multiple private lessons from faculty members and have opportunities to perform individually in masterclasses and evening solo recitals. Each chamber music ensemble will perform on the Academy’s final recital. More About Summer String Academy Oklahoma Bass Bash July 28 - 31 Registration deadline: June 15 Oklahoma Bass Bash is a four-day camp featuring warm up and technique classes, workshops on OK All-State audition material, a jazz class, and a solo class, in which students may perform prepared solos for their peers with a professional accompanist. Additionally, each student will receive a private lesson with one of the instructors. Chamber music is also a particular emphasis of the Bass Bash, so students are divided into different groups to rehearse bass ensembles to be performed at a final concert. More About Oklahoma Bass Bash Eisenstadt Classical Music Festival August 4 - 16 Since 1975, instrumental and vocal performers have been making a musical pilgrimage to Eisenstadt and Vienna, Austria to attend the Classical Music Festival. Make this year the summer for your unforgettable experience as a participant in one of Austria's longest-running and most successful summer music programs. Under the direction of artistic director and conductor, Dr. Richard Zielinski, participants will have the unique opportunity to study and perform in the same setting that fostered the genius of Joseph Haydn, Beethoven, Mozart and others – in amazing venues like St. Stephen's Cathedral in Vienna, Bergkirche in Eisenstadt, and the Esterházy Palace, considered one of the great historic and acoustically perfect concert halls in Europe. Recitals, lectures, tours and sightseeing designed to enhance participants' knowledge of Austrian culture will complement the busy two-week schedule. More About Eisenstadt Classical Music Festival Spacer OU Arts District Events Code component. Use to include scripts, css, or html. See more events /showcase row-fluid Code component. Use to include scripts, css, or html. The University does not discriminate or permit discrimination by any member of its community against any individual based on the individual’s race, color, religion, political beliefs, national origin, age (40 or older), sex (see Sexual Misconduct, Discrimination and Harassment policy   http://www.ou.edu/content/eoo/policies/misc.html ), sexual orientation, genetic information, gender identity, gender expression, disability, or veteran status in matters of admissions, employment, financial aid, housing, services in educational programs or activities, or  health care services that the University operates or provides. Inquiries regarding non-discrimination policies may be directed to: Bobby J. Mason, University Equal Opportunity Officer and Title IX Coordinator, (405) 325-3546, bjm@ou.edu , or visit http://www.ou.edu/eoo.html . /container-fluid / main Footer 2012 component. New Footer Prototype School of Music 500 West Boyd Norman, OK 73019 P: (405) 325-2081 F: (405) 325-7574 Accessibility Sustainability HIPAA OU Job Search Policies Legal Notices Copyright Resources & Offices Updated 7/19/2019 by School of Music : oumusic@ou.edu /container-fluid /footer 