 Home Your content Close Menu Donate     Sign Up     Store Community NFA News & Updates Community Board Jobs & Internships Instrument Notices The NFA Blog Community Blog Submit a Blog Post Events Calendar of Events Submit an Event Convention Registration 2019 Convention Fees and Registration Future Conventions Hotel and Transportation Schedule, Performers & Competitions Convention Schedule NFA Competitions Competition Winners Competition update Special Events Ticketed Meal Events Opening Flute Orchestra Adult Amateur Flute Choir Low Flutes Ensemble Myrna Brown Dine-Around Gala Concerto Concert Youth Flute Day Convention Archives Past Convention Books Past Program Chairs Volunteering Volunteering Internships Exhibiting & Sponsorship Sponsors & Sponsorship Exhibiting Information Exhibitor List Membership & Benefits Benefits Of Membership Membership Levels and Dues Gift Membership Member Benefits The NFA Library Instrument Insurance Oxford University Press Streaming Resources Naxos Online SmartMusic Mentorship Resources Play with a Pro Principal Chairs Young Member Resources Directories Commercial Members Directory Teacher's Directory Publications Flutist Quarterly FQ Plus Advertise Other Publications E-News Archive Special Publications Committees NFA Committees Blog Committee blog detail Committee Chairs, Coordinators, and Appointees Career and Artistic Development Committee Cultural Outreach Committee Historical Flutes Committee Low Flutes Committee New Music Advisory Committee Pedagogy Committee Performance Healthcare Committee Research Committee Giving Contribute The Endowment Haynes Challenge Amazon Smile Contributors About Mission and Vision Leadership & Staff Leadership Staff 2019 Election History Achievement Awards Commissions Press and Media Home Login Donate     Sign Up     Store Menu Community Community News & Updates Community Board Jobs & Internships Instrument Notices The NFA Blog Community Blog Submit Blog Post Events Calendar of Events Submit Event Read updates from members and committees, post and view job and internship opportunities, and more. About About Mission & Vision Leadership & Staff Leadership Staff 2019 Election History Achievement Awards Commissions Press & Media Organizational Documents Get to know the people behind the NFA. Convention Registration 2019 Convention Fees and Registration Future Conventions Hotel and Transportation   Schedule, Performers, and Competitions Convention Schedule NFA Competitions Special Events Ticketed Meal Events Opening Flute Orchestra Adult Amateur Flute Choir Low Flutes Ensemble   Myrna Brown Dine-Around Gala Concerto Concert Youth Flute Day Convention Archives Past Convention Books Past Program Chairs   Volunteering Volunteering Internships Exhibiting & Sponsorship 2019 Sponsors Sponsorship Exhibiting Information Exhibitor List Join Us in Salt Lake City! Come join us at the NFA’s annual gathering of our flute friends and family! This year we celebrate the artistry—in all its forms—that binds us together as performers, teachers, students, and collaborators. Membership & Benefits Benefits of Membership Membership Levels and Dues Gift Membership The NFA Library Instrument Insurance Oxford University Press STREAMING RESOURCES Grove Music Naxos SmartMusic   MENTORSHIP RESOURCES Play with a Pro Principal Chairs Young Member Resources   DIRECTORIES Membership Directory Commercial Members Directory Join Us! NFA members include leading soloists, orchestral players, college and university teachers, adult amateurs, and students of all ages. Members of the NFA enjoy collegiality and friendship throughout the year with opportunities to meet, learn, and play with other flutists. Publications Publications The Flutist Quarterly FQ Plus Advertise Other Publications E-News Special Publications The NFA publishes periodicals and books online and in print. Among them are its flagship member magazine  The Flutist Quarterly  and  FQ Plus , and many special publications.   Committees Committee Chairs, Coordinators, and Appointees NFA Committees Blog Committees Career and Artistic Development Cultural Outreach Historical Flutes Low Flutes New Music Advisory Pedagogy Performance Healthcare Research Meet the NFA Committees Committees play a critical role in guiding the NFA’s mission and policies. Over the years, members have founded a great depth and breadth of committees, following their own passions and seeking to move the NFA and greater flute community forward. Giving Giving Contribute The Endowment Haynes Challenge In celebration of “125 Years of Exquisite Flutemaking,” the Wm. S. Haynes Co. has made a $125,000 gift to the NFA and is sponsoring a matching challenge to raise an additional $125,000 in member donations by 2022. Learn More Amazon Smile Contributors Donate Today! Your support helps ensure that the NFA continues to provide the highest level of service to its membership.  Search Search Vote for NFA Leadership The 2019 NFA elections open July 1 and close August 3 at 5:00 p.m. (MDT). Join Us at the 2019 Annual NFA Convention! August 1-4 in Salt Lake City Explore it now! The New NFAonline We're pleased to share the new website. begin convention The Convention Salt Lake City, Utah Registration Come join us at the NFA’s annual gathering of our flute friends and family! This year we celebrate the artistry—in all its forms—that binds us together as performers, teachers, students, and collaborators. It all happens in Salt Lake City, Utah, tucked between mountains in the fresh, clean air of a city famous for its civic embrace of the arts. We hope to see you there for the 47th Annual NFA Convention August 1–4 Learn More View the Schedule Get ready for four days of everything flute! Explore performances, workshops, panels, masterclasses, and more - all centered on the theme of “Transforming Artistry,” reflecting the many ways we channel our creative energy in bringing our inspired spirit to music and the flute. Learn More Upcoming Conventions Save the dates for future conventions in great locations around the country. Each convention’s theme and programming takes advantage of the distinct offerings of its locale, so you won’t want to miss a single year. See where the NFA is going next! Learn More begin community Recent Blog Posts Jun/14/19 From the NFA Committees: What Are You Most Excited About In SLC? NFA Committee Chairs May/28/19 Job-Hunting Tips Patricia Surman May/28/19 2018 Convention Throwbacks NFA Contributors News & Updates Jul/1/19 Login Information for the New Website and Database Jun/10/19 Welcome to the New Website Jun/3/19 2020 Competition Repertoire Available Community Read updates from members and committees, post and view job and internship opportunities, and more. begin membership Member for 45+ Years Leone Buyse Through the NFA I have met many people who have become close friends and collaborators... Does the NFA enrich lives? Yes. Join us! Membership With the NFA Your Flute Community Members are part of a vital community that strives to create a higher standard of excellence for the flute, its performers, and literature. The NFA is the largest network of flutists and the best place to stay informed about the latest updates in music, literature, and more.    Learn More Exclusive Member Benefits A subscription to The Flutist Quarterly . Discounts to SmartMusic Software, Principal Flute, and other partners. Unlimited access to Naxos Music Library and Grove Music Online. begin events Jun 02 Round Top , Texas Round Top Music Festival Details Jun 03 Sarasota , Florida Sarasota Music Festival Flute Masterclasses Details Jun 11 Half Moon Bay, CA , Flutes by the Sea Festival with Viviana Guzman Details Events Browse performances, masterclasses, competitions, and more from the community. See All Events begin publications Publications The Flutist Quarterly The Flutist Quarterly provides information and articles about the performance, study, history, manufacture, and enjoyment of flutes, flutists, and flute music.  Learn More FQ Plus  FQ Plus offers feature articles, interactive features, and news about flute events and people.  Learn More begin committes jobs Committees NFA Committees NFA committees play a critical role in guiding the organization’s mission and policies. NFA Committee Blog Follow along with committee activities on the blog ! View All of the NFA's Committees Jobs & Internships Post flute-related jobs and internships and find opportunities. View The Job Board begin donate Donate To The NFA Support the flute community Your gifts helps ensure that the NFA continues to provide the highest level of service to its membership. Please consider making a tax-deductible gift to support the NFA’s operations and programs.  Contribute begin footer Contact Us NFA Staff NFA Office 70 E. Lake Street, #200 Chicago, IL 60601 312-332-6682 (Office) 312-332-6684 (Fax) Jobs & Internships Press & Media Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Sitemap © 2019 Global site tag (gtag.js) - Google Analytics 