Ohio Fingerstyle Guitar Club webbot bot="Include" U-Include="navs.htm" TAG="BODY" startspan (Chris Vickers' CG above - click on logo to see Chet's signature) OFGC "Guitar" Calendar Next OFGC Pickin' Party Very Useful Links $ Help Support OFGC $ Subscribe to our e-Newsletters Latest eNewsletter Home Contact Us OFGC Club Information    History/Purpose    Membership (free)    OFGC/Members in the News    The Roots of Thumb Pickin Club Pickin' Parties    About    Directions    Where to Stay in Columbus    Past Pickin' Parties    Past Guest Pickers & Clips    Next Pickin' Party    Concept of House Concerts Members Area    CDs and Such    Members Lics    Members Photo Album    Club Professionals Profiles    For Sale - by members    Caricatures by Collins Odds 'n Ends    Guitar "Action" Reviews    How I First Heard Chet    Past "News You Can Use"     How to Start a Club    The "Sickness"    Stolen Guitar Notices    Neat Articles & Stuff    Pickin' Stories    Just Havin' Fun    Pictures of Our Stars    Non-Guitar "Cool Things"   Who's Dropped By Technical/Educational    Tech Tips    How Do I Get Started?     Band-in-the Box Support Tributes    Chet Atkins    Merle Travis Memorials OFGC Hall of Fam e New Guitar Album Releases & Reviews Kenny Poole "deep end of the poole" DVD Sale Guitar "Star" Profiles    Organizations & Events Chet Atkins Appreciation Society Muhlenberg County Kentucky Events & the National Thumbpicking Hall of Fame \ Denison U. Jazz Guitar Fest Bob Cox & Friends Texas Fingerstyle Internet Chat Room Ohio Guitar Shows Other Ohio Music Groups Google    Yahoo Date this web site was last edited:  06/04/2019     webbot bot="Include" endspan i-checksum="56986" Our Club Heroes Chester B. Atkins June 20, 1924 - June 30, 2001 Merle Travis November 29, 1917 - October 20, 1983 Jerry Reed March 20, 1937 - Sept 1, 2008 Tommy Emmanuel May 31, 1955 We are dedicated to enjoying and preserving the thumb picking finger style guitar music of Chet Atkins , Merle Travis , Jerry Reed , and Tommy Emmanuel in and around Ohio.  If we don't promote and support thumb-picking and finger style guitar - it will surely die with us. News You Can Use: Our next regularly scheduled Pickin' Party will be held on June 8 th , 2019 - 10 am to 3 pm at the McConnell Arts Center here in Worthington, Ohio.  The second Saturday of April .  (more info) . Check Out Our "Guitar Friendly" Venues: Odds 'n Ends Peggy R McConnell Arts Center , 777 Evening St, Worthington, OH 614 431-0329.  A new center for visual and musical arts - hosting bimonthly Music at the Mac - Up Close n' Personal concerts in cooperation with OFGC . Natalie's Coal-Fired Pizza , 5601 N High St, Worthington, OH 43085.  They host a lot of LIVE music most nights except Monday - LOTS of guitar! (614) 436-COAL This web site was thrown together with FrontPage 2000 - and though it's better than nothing - it's still very frustrating gittin' it to do what I want it to do, sometimes......  I should be spending this time pickin'....   Web Hacker & Club Organizer - Palmer Moore Say Hello The caricature above was drawn by professional cartoonist, guitarist and avid OFGC club member since our inception - Dan Collins .  Caricatures by Collins 