Orchestronics Electronic Orchestra Classical Composer Sheet Music                                         ALBUMS:      Element of Risk Agitate Electro-Acoustic Orchestra Bulls & Bears Electronic Orchestra ABOUT: Composer Bio & Credits MUSIC: Hear the Music Concerto VIDEOS: YouTube Music for Pictures SCORES: Sheet Music PRESS: Newsletter Reviews Blog EXTRAS: What's New? Gallery CONTACT: Email Us Home: Home Buy Direct < p><font COLOR="#333333" SIZE="-1"> <iframe width="228" height="158" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/Yt-wFx-MYDA?rel=0" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen>                Click Here to preview the New Album!                                                    There's a lot to see and hear on this site! Click on the pictures and icons. Listen to lots of FREE music. Watch lots of cool videos. Come back to the home page if you get lost. Thanks for listening! Orchestronics ®   is television and film composer/visual artist Joe Wiedemann , and a wide variety of acoustic and electronic sounds.   The string sounds are real.   The woodwind sounds are real.   All the standard orchestral components are samples of real acoustic instruments, played by professional musicians.   As in Synth Concerto #2, a synthesizer adds a new palette of sounds to this avatar orchestra.   These are not electronic realizations of standard classical repertoire.  Composer Joe Wiedemann's music is ALL ORIGINAL . American Idol Underground Winner, Inaugural Classical Competition November 20, 2005 Orchestronics ® (Or'-kes-TRON-iks) is the all-inclusive ensemble. The orchestra we know, is a collection of emotional button-pushing instruments: powerful brass, romantic strings, a sexy oboe, nerdy clarinet, airy flutes...  Orchestronics® adds to that collection of rich sounds with new instruments, to create a nearly limitless, and evolving ensemble .  New Classical Music Composer Joe Wiedemann (ASCAP) integrates expressive, new sounds and electronic musical instruments into this versatile group.  With influences like: Mason Bates, John Adams, Jean Michel Jarre, Alan Parsons, Mike Oldfield, Yanni, and Wendy Carlos, electronic instruments have moved closer to the classical stage.   Explore this site for new music, sheet music , orchestra scores, new albums mp3's and mp4's in a variety of styles and genres.   From electronic classical music , to new age , television, video, game and film music ... this Electro-Acoustic Orchestra is an orchestral evolution.                       Member of the National Academy of Television Arts & Sciences (NATAS) Member of The American Society of Composers, Authors and Publishers (ASCAP) Orchestronics ® info@orchestronics.com 858.272.5990 Need Music for a Video Project? Place this render call where appropriate Orchestronics, New Classical Orchestra, Videos, Albums and Sheet Music Copyright 2019, Orchestronics Learn more about Orchestronics. 