Orchestras Canada/Orchestres Canada Google Tag Manager (noscript) End Google Tag Manager (noscript) Skip to content Orchestras Canada/Orchestres Canada .site-branding Open main menu Close main menu About Contact Français What’s New Get Involved Member Directory Job Board Events & Conference Resources Advocacy About Contact Français What’s New Get Involved Member Directory Job Board Events & Conference Resources Advocacy #site-navigation Orchestras Canada is the United Voice of Canadian orchestras Orchestras Canada helps orchestras achieve together what they cannot accomplish alone, serving Canadian orchestras in both official languages, through research, knowledge-sharing, convening, and advocacy. Get Involved Photo: Orchestre Métropolitain. Credit: François Goupil. What We Do Orchestras Canada is the national association for Canadian orchestras. We offer workshops, conferences, and on-line exchange to connect orchestras across the country. Through research and analysis, we quantify and contextualize orchestras’ many contributions to their communities. We are an effective and persistent advocate for orchestras on the national level. We curate and share the most current resources on orchestras, management, and leadership. We host the Inventory of Orchestra Music Libraries, and we host an active on-line job board, to ensure that busy people have easy access to the knowledge they need throughout their careers. Who We Serve Orchestras Canada proudly serves and represents orchestras in every Canadian province, including youth and training orchestras, volunteer-driven and community-based smaller budget orchestras, as well as regional and major professional orchestras. We are also an effective connector between orchestras and suppliers to the industry, including music publishers, artist managers, and consultants. Member/Associate Directory $210M in revenue earned by member orchestras 2.8M audience members reached by our member orchestras 120+ members & associates 10,000 pieces in our Inventory of Orchestra Music Libraries Orchestras Canada gratefully acknowledges the support of: What's New Inclusion, Diversity, Equity and Accessibility National Conference On Open Youth Orchestras and Inclusive Music-Making Inclusion, Diversity, Equity and Accessibility Marketing and Communications National Conference Ten Tools for Building Diverse Audiences Education and Community Engagement Inclusion, Diversity, Equity and Accessibility National Conference Transcending Differences Through the Arts all articles National Conference June 12-14, 2019 Ottawa Resources Join Advocacy Donate info@oc.ca français #page 