Portland Conservatory of Music Home - Portland Conservatory of Music Get Logo Get Search Inner header wrapper Navigation Get Navigation Home About PCM Director’s Welcome Mission and History Staff Board of Directors Photo Gallery Video Gallery PCM in the News Competitions and Awards Value of Music Education Faculty Faculty by Instrument Faculty by Name Programs Private Lessons Group Classes Karger College Prep Jazz Studies Choral Groups Chamber Music Programs Homeschool Program Suzuki Method Summer Camps Performances Noonday Concert Series Dimensions In Jazz Early Music Festival Special Performances Back Cove Contemporary Music Festival Venue Accessibility Registration Auditions Tuition Financial Aid & Scholarships Student Policies Common Questions & Answers Academic Calendar Get Involved Ways to Give Employment Internship Volunteer Contact Us header-wrapper Register for Private or Group Music Lessons In addition to  private music lessons for all ages, Portland Conservatory of Music offers an exciting array of   group classes , vocal and chamber ensembles . Many of our group classes, including our  youth vocal ensembles, have rolling auditions;  we’ll place you in a choral group as soon as we can. We offer private lessons in over   30 different instruments and welcome students of all ages and abilities, so contact us today to get started! Fill out our New Student Availability form to be paired with an instructor.  If you’re ready to sign up, just fill out our  2018/19 Registration Form   and either drop off the form at the Conservatory or submit via email . Call 775-3356 to register by phone. Private Music Lessons Learn from some of the top music educators in the area and expand your musical horizons at PCM. Karger College Prep Program A college prep and theory program for gifted musicians, Karger gives young performers a head start in their college career. Jazz Studies Program The Jazz Studies Program at PCM is an innovative program led by saxophonist and composer Titus Abbott. Group Classes Want to learn with others in your community? Our group music classes may be the perfect way for you to indulge your creative interests.   Choral Groups PCM is proud to host both the Girl Singers of Maine and the Boy Singers of Maine choral groups. Both choirs offer opportunities for children of all ages! Noonday Concert Series For twenty-two years, PCM has been hosting free concerts in downtown Portland. Join us Thursdays at 12:15pm at First Parish. Dimensions In Jazz Check out all kinds of great jazz artists and groups throughout the year in our “Dimensions in Jazz” concert series. Early Music Festival Every fall, PCM hosts the Early Music Festival, which will be going on its seventh year in 2018. content-wrapper container Get Footer Widget Get Copyright Text Portland Conservatory of Music | 202 Woodford Street, Portland, Maine 04103 | (207) 775-3356 container-wrapper footer-wrapper body-wrapper 7ads6x98y 