Rack and Ruin - folk, rock, ceilidh, celtic, roots, lively, jigs and reels | Rack and Ruin: UK folk rock and ceilidh band playing lively jigs, reels, tunes and original songs Rack and Ruin – folk, rock, ceilidh, celtic, roots, lively, jigs and reels Rack and Ruin: UK folk rock and ceilidh band playing lively jigs, reels, tunes and original songs Rack and Ruin: folk rock, lively jigs and reels, ceilidh band Next public gig : Friday 2nd Aug, The Humber, Coventry Folk on the Farm – Napton 24th August 2019 Rack and Ruin are hosting an evening of folk and folk-rock music on a farm in Napton on Saturday the 24th August. The band will introduce guests including folk rock trio  Firedaze. The venue will be an ancient barn on Holt Farm, Napton. Details on other guests appearing will be announced soon. Admission is £10 – you can only gain admission with a pre-bought ticket there will not be any available on the night – email the band now to get your tickets . “On The Road To…” album. Available now  – see the News page for more details. First Friday – at The Humber, Coventry Rack and Ruin are next at The Humber in Coventry (CV3 1BA) on the first friday of August. The band will play two sets of songs and tunes while also introducing a guest artist. The guest artist for Aug will be announced soon. CDs of the new Rack and Ruin album will also be available to buy. It’s free admission, music starts around 9 and goes on until late. Rack and Ruin Ceilidh Band – for Weddings, Parties and Gigs Need a ceilidh band for a wedding? Do you need live music for a barn dance? Rack and Ruin is a lively folk rock, celtic, roots and ceilidh band, playing pubs, festivals and private parties across the UK. The band are taking bookings now for the rest of 2019 and throughout 2020. Contact 07885 645919 for more information. Why not have a Rack and Ruin folk-rock ceilidh? As a ceilidh band, Rack and Ruin specialises in lively jigs and reels complete with a caller, interspersed with upbeat traditional folk music and contemporary, original folk-rock material. Need a band for a celebration or party? For bookings call 07885 645919. Here’s some tracks off the current album: “On The Road To…” New York Girls [if lt IE 9]><script>document.createElement('audio');</script><![endif] http://dvoicebox.com/RNR/RackandRuin_NewYorkGirls.mp3 Saddle The Pony Set http://www.dvoicebox.com/RNR/RackandRuin_SaddleThePonySet.mp3   King Of The Fairies Set http://www.dvoicebox.com/RNR/RackandRuin_KingOfTheFairies.mp3 Ceilidhs involve set dances, drawn mostly from the English tradition, performed in groups of 4, 6, 8 or sometimes as many people as wish to dance. They can be square, circle or long-ways sets. Sometimes you stick with your partner, other times everyone swaps about. © Photos on this website – Steff Hutchinson , John B Smith, Louis Radley, Jude Radley, Simon Marshall and Andy Gray All instructions are given by the band’s caller. The dances are generally quite simple to follow after a few times through. Most of all, its fun, energetic and helps to get your guests mingling – what’s more you don’t need any previous experience. The band can intersperse the set dances with original songs and instrumental material, to give your guests a rest. Be warned though , this is not your average twee ceilidh band. Its a folk rock ceilidh with a Rack and Ruin twist. Loud, lively and energetic! To find out more or to make a booking call Mick on 07885 645919. “Just wanted to say a big thank you to you and the rest of the band for a cracking night last saturday at our party on our farm. Everyone enjoyed themselves hugely. Will recommend you to anyone wanting a barn dance” Steve and Kate. Rack and Ruin folk rock band In addition to playing as a ceilidh band, Rack and Ruin also perform as a folk rock five-piece playing a similar mixture of loud and lively folk-rock, celtic, roots and jigs and reels – with added saxophone. The band are just as comfortable headlining a large music festival or entertaining a wedding, birthday or other private party. Rack and Ruin’s contemporary blend of lively folk rock, celtic, roots music is interwoven with foot-tapping jigs and reels that makes for an enjoyable and entertaining event. I just wanted to say thank you to the band for a really fabulous night’s music here at The Oak. We run live music every month and I have to say that by far and away you were the best that we have had so far. At 11 pm on a Saturday evening the pub is normally quietening down; last night there was no sign of that and I had so many customers coming up to me and saying what a fantastic atmosphere it was. Gayle Goodwin, The Oak Baginton For parties, weddings or any other type of gig Rack and Ruin will supply their own professional PA system which comes complete with stage lights. They also have public liability insurance cover of £5 million. Rack and Ruin are taking bookings now throughout the rest of 2019 and into 2020 – for more information call Mick on 07885 645919. Rack and Ruin (acoustic) The band also perform acoustically as a four piece – Rack and Ruin (acoustic).  It’s the same songs and jigs and reels but without the drums – although sometimes there might be some percussion! “The highlight of the night for me was Mick Bisiker and “elements” of his Rack and Ruin Band. They are a true ceilidh band and it brought that “something” that tempted the audience to get up and dance.” Tony Collins, Folk on the Water Festival You can also keep up to date with Rack and Ruin on the band’s Facebook page just click the link – facebook.com/rackandruinfolkband Bookings – Why not book the band for a special party or birthday celebration? Rack and Ruin could  be the lively musical answer to the question of how to do something a bit “different” to celebrate. Ceilidhs are fun and with the band’s expert caller on the mic it won’t matter if you or your guests have never done this kind of dancing before – you’ll be told exactly what to do! I wanted to tell you how thrilled Anna and I were at what [Rack and Ruin] added to our wedding. You excelled far beyond our expectations….we absolutely loved every moment of your sets. I have had no end of positive comments regarding Rack and Ruin, [and] how you were able to get every body up and dancing. R & A ELLIS   The band is available throughout 2019 and taking bookings for 2020  – so get in touch if you’d like them at your event – they are very experienced at weddings, birthdays, special celebrations and even corporate events. If you run a venue and would like to book Rack and Ruin, or if you want the band for a private party then call 07885 645919 or contact Rack and Ruin . “Thank you for making my husband’s 40th party really memorable and special – your upbeat Celtic music got everyone up and dancing and the caller did especially well in directing our Ceilidh-novice guests.  You definitely made it a party to remember for all who attended.” R JOHNSON   On The Road to… the current album from Rack and Ruin – includes a mix of traditional and new original material more>> Start of StatCounter Code   Advertisements Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. (  Log Out  /  Change  ) You are commenting using your Google account. (  Log Out  /  Change  ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. (  Log Out  /  Change  ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. (  Log Out  /  Change  ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. #respond This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is processed . Find out more… » Rack and Ruin » News » Reviews » The Band » The Music » Video » Gallery » Publicity » Links & Resources » Contact Us! Gigs at a glance 2019 Fri 2nd August The Humber Coventry CV3 1BA With guests tba 9.00pm Free Admission Sat 24th August Folk on the Farm The Barn, Holt Farm Napton Guests Firedaze and others tba £10 Ticket only – contact Rack and Ruin Friday 7th September The Humber Coventry CV3 1BA With guests tba 9.00pm Free Admission Fri 4th October The Humber Coventry CV3 1BA With guests tba 9.00pm Free Admission Tues 17th December Christmas Party and Ceilidh Wurzel Bush Folk Club West Indian Club Railway Terrace Rugby CV21 3HE 8pm Admission free (but there is a collection) 2020 Sat 14 March The Oak Baginton CV8 3AU 9.00 pm Free Admission New dates are being added all the time. The band would like to hear from new venues in which to perform. If you know of a good music venue near you, or you run a venue where you’d like Rack and Ruin to play – get in touch with the details and we’ll see what we can sort out. More gigs to be confirmed shortly… If you would like to book Rack and Ruin for a ceilidh or barn dance, party or a gig call 07885 645919. RSS gig feed Blog at WordPress.com. Post to Cancel Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here: Cookie Policy 