Raymond Scott: Composer, inventor, pianist, visionary Raymond Scott 1908-1994 Home FAQ Features Raymond Scott Timeline Artifacts from the Archives The Cartoon Connection Tom Rhea interview Guy Costa Interview Pearl Winters interview Bob Moog interview Memorial Address, 1994 Music Available Recordings Sheet Music (FREE) Streaming Audio Scott by Moderns Licensing Cartoons Warner Bros. Cartoon Index Warner Bros. Cartoon Audio The Ren & Stimpy Show Other Cartoons Films Scottworks Performances Deconstructing Dad Jim Henson Films Videos with Scott Music Filmography Links Contact "Raymond Scott is one of the greatest music technology innovators of the 20th century." Matt Black (Coldcut) Composer, inventor, visionary, pianist, engineer, electronic music pioneer, control freak. Refreshing! Creamy! Smooth! Relaxing! RAYMOND SCOTT'S JINGLE WORKSHOP Coming in November 2019 : a lavish 2-LP/2-CD set of 120 TV and radio commercials from Scott's enormously successful Jingle Workshop, 1951–1965 . For over a decade Scott earned a solid living composing, arranging, and recording catchy ditties for Revlon , Delta Airlines , Stuckey's , Alka-Seltzer , Sprite , the Ford Motor Company, and other major sponsors. Hear Dorothy Collins , Mel Tormé , and dozens of unnamed session vocalists and musicians serenade you about beer, ice cream, gasoline, cigarettes, more beer, bread, shampoo, cars, mouthwash, and MORE beer. The Jingle Workshop collection includes finished spots, outtakes, rehearsals, alternates, demos, unused instrumental beds, studio chatter, and irresistible earworms about mid-20th century consumer goods. The styles range from cool jazz to percolating Latin, from lush orchestrations to piano & voice; the arrangements feature soloists, vocal duets, and group harmony. There's even some stray electronic works discovered after the release of the all-electronic Y2K compilation Manhattan Research Inc . Collection produced by Irwin Chusid , cover art by Javier Garcia , and liner notes by Gary Stockdale . Slated for release on Modern Harmonic . Other Recent Raymond Scott news It is with sadness that we note the passing of a figure who had become an important part of our extended Raymond Scott family. Hoby Cook, who had worked with Scott on the Electronium during Raymond's Motown years, died last December. Hoby had been an enthusiastic participant in ScotWorks in September 2018, and had planned on participating in our 2019 Synthplex panel.  We will soon share video of Hoby at the Scottworks Electronium panel.   The second collection of Raymond Scott electronica was issued in 2017.  Three Willow Park: Electronic Music from Inner Space, 1961-1971  features 61 previously unreleased recordings from the decade before Scott left New York to work in L.A. for Motown. Most tracks were recorded on devices Scott invented, and his  Motown Electronium is heard for the first time on disc. The 3-LP/2-CD set serves as a companion to the Y2K collection  Manhattan Research, Inc . Many tracks feature hypnotic rhythms played by the Electronium—an invention which composed and performed using programmed intelligence. Three Willow Park includes an extensive booklet with historical chronicles, photos, a timeline, family remembrances, track notes, and ephemera. Watch a short promotional  3WP video clip  here . SCOTTWORKS PERFORMANCE VIDEOS : We've posted a number of live performances from our September 2018 Raymond Scott Festival held in Burbank. Hear/see Scott tunes performed by Quartet San Francisco , Ego Plum , Skip Heller , Beth Sorrentino , and Michael Whelan . ARTIFACTS FROM THE ARCHIVES : Learn more about Scott's electronic music career in a FREE 349-page downloadable compendium of artifacts and ephemera, including previously uncirculated historic material. All content © Reckless Night Music LLC, except where indicated. All rights reserved.  |  Mission Statement & Site Credits  |  Questions? Contact us Top Home FAQ Features Raymond Scott Timeline Artifacts from the Archives The Cartoon Connection Tom Rhea interview Guy Costa Interview Pearl Winters interview Bob Moog interview Memorial Address, 1994 Music Available Recordings Sheet Music (FREE) Streaming Audio Scott by Moderns Licensing Cartoons Warner Bros. Cartoon Index Warner Bros. Cartoon Audio The Ren & Stimpy Show Other Cartoons Films Scottworks Performances Deconstructing Dad Jim Henson Films Videos with Scott Music Filmography Links Contact 