Rich Barry DO NOT MODIFY End Facebook Pixel Code End of Squarespace Headers Home Bio clients Home Promo Schedule Music Media Services Store Contact Rich Barry comment the linebreak between these two elements because science comment the linebreak between these two elements because science Home Bio clients Home Promo Schedule Music Media Services Store Contact style below blocks out the mobile nav toggle only when nav is loaded Banner nothing to see here, move along Create index sections For Pages "...His music is beautiful. " - Martha Stewart "...such a talented musician " - Deenise Perez, NBCUniversal Cable Entertainment "...a dynamic and charming musical performer " - Katie Crown , Elle "Your music was the perfect ambiance" -  Molly Wolfsehr, Google " ...we were blown away by your talent" -  Mary Alice Stephenson, VH1 " ...you really make the guitar sing" -  Tom Hall, WYPR                     For Galleries For Albums For Pages   The last direct pupil of Andrés Segovia praised Rich Barry as "a truly innovative musician of the 21st century".  He has been interviewed on WYPR 88.1 NPR News with Tom Hall "The Art of The Classical Guitar", "In Concert" on DC TV, "Hello Baltimore" on FOX45 and for music segments on WGAL TV, WHTM TV, and VH-1.  In the last decade Rich has performed recitals in New York, Las Vegas, Miami, Paris, Los Angeles, Quebec, Tokyo, Amsterdam, and London.  Notable past music projects include NBCUniversal Cable's 2018 “Erase the Hate” 20th year campaign with violinist Katie Thomas, the Maryland Live's “Chairman’s Club” in 2017 with Dan Rather at the Smithsonian with guitarist Mark Edwards, Mastercard's 2017 “Priceless” with celebrity chef Joseph Johnson at the Stand, Elle Magazine's 2016 Washington’s Women in Power List gala, USA Today's 2016 "Make a Difference Day” luncheon hosted by Andy Cohen and Lester Holt and  "Make a Difference Day” in 2015 with Today Show’s Natalie Morales, World Bank's 2015 Luncheon for Juan Carlos, the former King of Spain, Google's 2014 Analytics New Solutions launch event for New York headquarters, the DEA Vigil for Lost Promises in Baltimore Inner Harbor for victims of drug abuse, House of Cards 1st season, episode 3 production and music for Knight Takes King Productions, Ted Talks' 2013 - TEDMED Talks conference with singer Sara Jones at John F. Kennedy Center, Martha Stewart Media's 2012 “Sunset on the Hudson” on Omnimedia rooftop hosted by Martha Stewart and Groupon.com's pop-up concert with guitarist Ben Biers. Rich started guitar lessons at the age of four and at nine gave his first major public performance at Steadman Auditorium of Mansfield University.  Study during his teenage years with Dr. Pablo Cohen, the professor of guitar at Ithaca College and Cornell University guided Rich Barry to The Peabody Institute of Johns Hopkins University where he was awarded the prestigious Rose and Leon J. Neilburg Scholarship followed by a full graduate teaching assistant scholarship. While at Peabody, Rich studied with the esteemed pedagogue and performer Julian Gray, the current chair of Peabody's guitar department.        Instagram Twitter Rich Barry iberostar with photos by @ richbarrymusic After 30 gigs since the start of June I am thrilled to be here. #giglife … https://t.co/QnI2eNCgCs about 3 weeks ago Rich Barry It was a tremendous event on last Sunday for the Eversheds Sutherland boqueria in dc. @ Boqueria https://t.co/XQ3ozHwrcP about 3 weeks ago Rich Barry Another #Sundaybrunchperfected @ stregisdc Alhambra. #yesterday #brunchdc #sologuitar #guitar @ The St. Regis Washin… https://t.co/2wq676xjhX about 3 weeks ago Rich Barry Thank you @ citizenheights for having @ JulienXuereb and I perform for you last evening. #guitarduo #churchdc … https://t.co/vq5VhK3m5B about 3 weeks ago For Galleries For Albums For Pages For Galleries For Albums Back to Top https://www.gigmasters.com/richbarry © 201 2018 - Rich Barry • Photographs by Federica Dall'Orso   