Shake Band: corporate event & dance party music Start of StatCounter Code for Dreamweaver End of StatCounter Code for Dreamweaver The Shake band provides musical entertainment for weddings, corporate special events and parties throughout the San Francisco Bay Area and Northern California. Band, bay area, big band, blues, corporate, corporate event, dance, entertainment, ethnic, event, holiday, jazz, jazz music, jazz musicians, live music, music, musicians, musicians search, parties, party, party music, planning wedding, planning wedding checklist, reception, rhythm, rock, rock and roll, rock bands, san francisco, songs, standards, swing, tunes, wedding, wedding bands, wedding ceremony, wedding ceremony music, wedding music, wedding planning, wedding reception, wedding reception music, wedding songs   T he Shake band provides musical entertainment for weddings, corporate special events and parties throughout the San Francisco Bay Area and Northern California. W hether you want to boogie the night away with that irresistible motown beat, or dance to your favorite swing , rock, or jump classics, Shake is always a real crowd pleaser! T he musicians in this all-star group have appeared with such notables as: Steve Allen, Ray Charles, Paul Anka, Tito Puente, Del Shannon, The Drifters, and many others. They have performed at many of the Bay Area's most prestigious events, including numerous society weddings. With many years of professional experience, these talented artists can be counted on to play the appropriate style and volume level for any situation. S hake specializes in weddings, corporate celebrations, and special events. Special ethnic and holiday music is available, as are classical duets and soloists for wedding ceremonies. Shake also has a full repertoire of fanfares for awards banquets. The band is happy to perform special requests and band size is adaptable to the client's needs and budget. Whether your celebration is black-tie or informal, rest assured the dance floor will be packed when you're groovin' to the irresistible beat of Shake!!! The Shake songlist  Venues where shake has played Demos! MP3 - a selection from our extensive songlist Knock on Wood | Get Down Tonight | The Way You Look | Soul Man Last Dance | I've Got You Under My Skin | Chain of Fools | Brick House For a Demo CD or for booking information please call 510-528-2403 or send an e-mail message! Comments Shake has received from performances - see more at Grace Kretchmer and Toby Erickson; Shake played for their wedding and reception at the the Golden Gate Club in the San Francisco Presidio. Toby and I had only heard Shake via the CD that Lee sent, and ended up going with his band because they were recommended by our day-of coordinator Alice Grisez (who is excellent as well). I was nothing but absolutely impressed with Shake's performance. They dressed sharply, and the tunes that they played were absolutely wonderful. All of our guests (both younger and older) could all dance happily to the beat. Toby and I both like Funk, Jazz and Latin-esque music, and Lee was happy to coordinate which songs to play. Lee also provided many choices for ceremony music as well, and frankly I just left that entire piece up to him. We had flute/guitar for the ceremony, sax/guitar for the cocktail hour, and a 5pc. set for the reception. Both the ceremony and cocktail hour had excellent music, and I also felt that two instruments were definitely enough. Mark Geringer; Shake played for his wedding and reception at the Cocoanut Grove in Santa Cruz. Hi Lee, Thank-you again for a wonderful performance. Your Shake band was great. Stephanie and I have been visiting family and friends for the holidays and everyone has been complimenting your band, from my 85 year old uncle to my 9 year old step-daughter everyone enjoyed the "Shake" experience. Stephanie and I were a little nervous for our first dance (the way you look tonight) but you guys helped us through it and made us feel comfortable. Cheers, Mark Geringer Christine Cuhna; Shake performed for her daughter Elizabeth's wedding & reception in the Crown Room of the SF Fairmont Hotel: Hi Lee, Thank you again for the wonderful music you provided at Elizabeth's wedding. I have had many comments from guests saying "Shake" is the best wedding band they have ever heard. I concur! If I were to have a Big Six OH party, you would be the ones I would want to play at that, too. You have the perfect variety of music, and wonderful musicians to perform it. Thanks for letting Jim sing and Spencer play drums...so fun. I also want to thank you for all your help with the planning of the wedding...you were a wonderful resource for me Sincerely, Christine Cunh Colin and Dara Herrick; Shake played for their wedding and reception in Santa Cruz: You guys were absolutely fantastic. I can't begin to tell you how many people have been asking me about who you guys are and where we found you. Everyone enjoyed the tunes!! I'll be updating our website soon as well and I'll post an extremely positive recommendation of you guys with contact info as well. Regards, Colin Jenny Davis-Peccoud; the band played for her wedding reception at the Culinary Institute of America in St Helena. Jenny's mom Judy wrote: Dear Lee, I want to tell you how much we enjoyed your music at the wedding last Saturday night. Everyone did, in fact! We heard so many positive comments - from the more mature folk to the younger ones. Each person felt that you were playing the kind of tempo that he/she liked best. And I believe that that is no mean feat! We all had the best time, a happy time - due to the quality of the music and the dancing we all were able to do. Thank you so very much. Judy Davis , Mother of the Brid e Nancy Elsea; The band played for her ceremony and reception at Auberge du Soleil in Rutherford: Thank you for a wonderful evening. The band was great!! You really kept the crowd on their feet. Please feel free to use me as a reference. We received so many nice compliments about your band at our wedding reception, everybody loved your music! I know our friends who danced the night away particularly enjoyed your rendition of "New York, New York". We were so pleased with both your music and your professionalism. Thanks so much for making our event so memorable! Katie Hughes Bednark Dear Lee and the members of Shake, We just wanted to thank you for doing an incredible job performing for our wedding. I thought the creremony music was magical and exactly how we hoped it would be. The reception was a blast for us and we were blown away at how long you played and the variety of the songs. Thanks for helping make our wedding one of the best days of our lives. Julie and Kevin Johnston Best band ever! We were thrilled to have Shake played at our wedding in Marin this past June (2009). We could not have asked for a more wonderful, soulful band! They provided the most beautiful music for the whole day, including the ceremony, the reception, dinner, and dancing under the stars, all for a very reasonable cost. Their song choices were excellent and got people onto the dance floor. Most touching to us was the fact that they were willing to learn "our song" for this most special day. Lee went well beyond the call of duty, meeting with us at the property before hand and checking out the outdoor set-up. Shake really made our wedding a dream wedding, and guests are still talking about the music! Amanda Reiterman . Dear Lee, I just wanted to drop you a note thanking you for the huge part you and your wonderful band Shake and it's superb vocalists played in the success of my wedding reception at Merryvale Vineyards in St. Helena. I appreciate the efficient way you handled all the details and follow up for the event, including making sure the vocalist was prepared for our special song. I found you very easy and reliable to work with. As a result, , I could just concentrate on enjoying the celebration. Moving from one location to the other and back again went very smoothly. Also, the band was very responsive to our guests' musical tastes. The dance music was very infectious and got people dancing who probably hadn't danced in years. I will certainly keep Shake in mind for any future events I might plan. Sincerely, Kathy McNichols   Here's just a small sample of the clients and venues Shake has performed for: Sir Francis Drake Hotel San Francisco City Hall Loews Regency San Francisco Hotel Menlo Country Club Hyatt Regency SF Hotel Vitali SF Hotel Sofitel SF Hotel Nikko SF Hotel Monaco San Francisco Highland Inn, Carmel Olympic Club SF San Francisco Hilton Hotel California Culinary Institute, St. Helene Robert Mondavi Vineyards Monterey Plaza Hotel SF Fairmont Hotel San Jose Fairmont Hotel Corinthian Yacht Club, Tiburon Paradise Ridge Winery, Santa Rosa Beaulieu Gardens, St Helena Marin Country Club San Jose Junior League Meadowood Resort, Napa Pleasanton Hilton Chateau Souverain Vineyards Niebam-Coppola Vineyards California Culinary Institute, St. Helene Memoral Auditorium, Sacramento Merryvale Vineyards, St. Helena Mayacamus Ranch, Calistoga Metropolitan Club, San Francisco City Club, San Francisco Atwood Ranch, Glen Ellen Burlingame Country Club Sterling Hotel, Sacramento RETURN TO TOP     This page designed and produced by Andrew Van Dis - Berkeley CA (Copyright © 2007)     San Francisco Bay Area Event Music corporate wedding dance party bands Dance to swinging big band musicians (Rhythm-N-Blues tunes, Jazz music, Rock songs) for events, wedding receptions, corporate parties Band, bay area, big band, blues, classics, corporate, corporate event, dance, entertainment, ethnic, event, favorite, holiday, jazz, jazz music, jazz musicians, jump, live music, music, musicians, musicians search, parties, party, party music, planning wedding, planning wedding checklist, reception, rhythm, rock, rock bands, san francisco, songs, standards, swing, tunes, wedding, wedding bands, wedding ceremony, wedding ceremony music, wedding music, wedding planning, wedding reception, wedding reception music, wedding songs, Marin, Sonoma, Napa, Berkeley, Oakland, Northern California, San Francisco, Bay Area, Wine Country, Winery 