Steve and Kristi Nebel – Americana for the Mind "Steve and Kristi Nebel" "singer-songwriter" "Americana" "folk" "guitar" "bass guitar" "female bassist" "singers" "Tacoma" "music" "touring musicians" "male female duo" "Kristi Nebel" "Steve Nebel" "Washington musicians" "Washingtonian Musicians" "Washingtonians" Analytics by WP-Statistics v12.6 - https://wp-statistics.com/ Skip to content Steve and Kristi Nebel Americana for the Mind .site-branding Menu Gigs Steve and Kristi Nebel – Bio Video Store Quotes Shop Cart Checkout My account .main-navigation Gigs Steve and Kristi Nebel – Bio Video Store Quotes Shop Cart Checkout My account .social-navigation .site-header-menu .site-header Steve and Kristi Nebel – Bio .entry-header Electronic Press Package:   http://artistecard.com/steveandkristinebel   Steve and Kristi Nebel bring passion, finesse, and beauty with their songs of social justice, knife edge observations, and pure, simple love.  They have traveled extensively having done nine tours in UK folk clubs and festivals.  They have recorded more than ten CDs, mostly of their own songs.  Kristi’s solo CD, for which she was nominated “western swing female performer of the year” in 2014 is a combination of western swing and Steve’s Americana songs.  The Nebels’ style is informed by a wealth of experience playing their instruments and lending their voices to the other for a blend that exceeds the sum of their two parts. “Raven Speaks” is a collaboration with Native American poet Duane Niatum.  It is a commentary on global climate change using “Raven” of Native American mythology as a main character in some of the songs, and certainly in Niatum’s poetry. About the songs in this project came the following quote: “I think some of the songs are really quite extraordinary . . . —  Bob Sherman, “Woody’s Children” WFUV, New York.  The album was picked to be among the top ten of the year by Sherman for his award-winning show. Their most recent production, “Tandem”, is the most sparse of their recordings and features only the bass guitar, and guitar along with their two voices.    “Tandem”, unlike their other recordings, was recorded in their studio “live”. “Angels of the Road’ has held me captive since I first heard it. . . the intensity of this song sung live puts it over the top.  “It’s only faith, something that you know. When the world has given up on you there’s a place where you can go…”  Kristi’s beautiful voice is powerful on this haunting poem.”  J.W. McClure, Victory Review In the UK they played Fylde Folk Festival twice, Baafest twice, the Moor and Coast Festival in Whitby, Captain Cook Festival in Middlesborough and more.  They also work at local Washington state music festivals; for instance they have played Applesqueeze Festival in Steilacoom for 5 years now. They sometimes work with a third musician as the Americana trio, Cosmo’s Dream with which they have toured to the Midwest, and in the UK or as a 4 piece country band, “Cowgirl’s Dream” .  They currently reside in Tacoma, WA. “there’s something in each of you that has the ability to connect beyond the words and music. You are a gift…that I am so grateful to receive.”  —  Linda Frank “It’s easy to get caught up and lose touch with the source, the heart and soul place where music comes from. You touched my heart.  I haven’t felt like that in a while.”  —-  Roy Douglas Contact Kristi Nebel at (253)573-1504/(253)439-7985,  or kristi.steve.nebel@gmail.com.  You can write to them at:  P.O. Box 5764, Tacoma, WA  98415-0764.   Hits: 5469 .entry-content #post-## .site-main .widget-area .content-bottom-widgets .content-area Navigation Gigs Steve and Kristi Nebel – Bio Video Store Quotes Shop Cart Checkout My account .sidebar .widget-area .site-content Gigs Steve and Kristi Nebel – Bio Video Store Quotes Shop Cart Checkout My account .main-navigation Gigs Steve and Kristi Nebel – Bio Video Store Quotes Shop Cart Checkout My account .social-navigation Steve and Kristi Nebel Proudly powered by WordPress .site-info .site-footer .site-inner .site 