Will Newsome Pages Blog Music Videos Past shows Lyrics corrects IE6 width calculation Tuesday, 4 December 2018 Da kuntryside fo’papas lef2us EP White Wing & Billy Biff new release! Millennial!  (AUTO-SUBTITLES RECOMMENDED) I’ve been a producer for the first time! I’m proud to announce: I’ve worked so hard on husband and wife team White Wing and Billy Biff’s new release. It’s called:  ‘Da kuntryside fo’papas lef2us EP.’ TERRIFIC!" - SUNDAY TIMES They used to perform together but now they make spilt release records (actuakky, FYInfo, it’s only available on MiniD yo!) "MADE ME CRY" - TELEGRAPH In this teaser, this trailer on the trail to satisfaction, you’ll see the two songs of side A in which White expresses her sexual emancipation in a channelling of Joni Mitchell’s ‘Help Me’, followed by Billy’s masculine interpretation of Bunion’s ’trawler man’s dong’. The second verse (unfeatured), features the lyric “here’s the scrote I tickled for thee, especially for thee, I thought of you every day.” "IS THAT JONI MITCHELL?" - SUN ON SUNDAY After which, in the bottomless (get the pun?) depths of side B, White converses with the sentiment of MIA’’s fighter in “pull up the people” with a flower before knocking the male into submission with “I’m a flower*, nice nice fighter, not a flower on your wall…” *featuring the word flower recited mantrically in Japanese. Billy appropriately ends B with a channeling of the genius songwriter Ish Marquez - Billy reiterates his profound eschewal of the over-production inherent in mainstream music and music video production, closer to the world of White. “I don’t wanna be in your movies anymore - the story’s kind of lacking and I don’t think I can take it no more…” (ignore my idiom briefly and hark: ISH MARQUEZ IS FUCKING BRILLIANT> MORE SONGS PLEASE.)  "THE FISHERMAN'S HOT" - FHM Pitchfuck wrote of Billy’s peformances: “Billy’s importance is purely seminal - the way he uses the retro rekodingu equipment to capture the atmosphere and bring you into his environment is terrifically stupefying.” I DIDN'T KNOW I WAS GAY, NOW I'M NOT SO SURE" - MAIL The end of the video showcases Maltese Wesley Willis tribute act “Valletta Hell Ride”, who will perform as support artist on the ‘kuntryside fo’papas lef2us tour’. Yo! "HAS ANYONE SEEN MY SANDWICH, I THINK IT WAS KAREN THAT TOOK IT THOUGH I HAVE NO PROOF" - NME Proceeds go towards supplying people who didn’t already know they’re building a tunnel from Malta to Gozo with antidepressants. If this offends anyone, ahhahahahhhhahhhahahahahahHAHAHA! This is sort of for everyone but kind of for you first Edith, because you sent me such a fabulous review, and then Sophie because of the trawlerman’s dong… Posted by Will Newsome at 13:37 No comments: Email This BlogThis! Share to Twitter Share to Facebook Share to Pinterest Tuesday, 13 September 2016 September tour with Rachael Dadd I'm just about to set off on tour supporting Rachael Dadd and her beautiful piano/animation project in collaboration with her sister Betsy Dadd... I'm playing support at all shows except London. Watch the teaser at the bottom of this post and come and see one of the shows or you'll be missing a treat! Friday 16/9 The Glad Cafe, Glasgow Saturday 17/9 Regather, Sheffield Monday 19/9, Sandbar, Manchester Friday 23/9, Norwich Art Centre, Norwich Saturday 24/9, Rosehill Tavern, Brighton Friday 30/9, Foundling Museum, London Monday 10/10, The Wardobe Theatre, Bristol Posted by Will Newsome at 15:13 No comments: Email This BlogThis! Share to Twitter Share to Facebook Share to Pinterest Thursday, 12 May 2016 Solo Japan tour, may 2016... Sparkling Spring tour with Rachael Dadd and ICHI is nearly over and now I have some more solo shows before I head back to the UK at the end of May: 17.5 Tokyo, さんのはち (sannohachi),  http://3no8.jimdo.com/  with Eri Watanabe's live sewing! Open 1830, start 1900... 20.5 Kobe, Guggenheim house  http://www.nedogu.com/blog/archives/14650  with アキツユコ and more... Open 1900, start 1930... 21.5 Gifu, at トッキの家, 加茂郡七宗町中麻生934-1, open 1100, start 1400... 22.5 Kyoto, at ゆすらご (cafe yusurago), open 1730, 1830 start, with アキツユコ and more... 23.5 Tsuruga, at Toklas,  http://www.toklas.net/  1900 start... 25.5 Hamamatsu, venue TBC... Posted by Will Newsome at 15:36 1 comment: Email This BlogThis! Share to Twitter Share to Facebook Share to Pinterest Thursday, 7 April 2016 Sparkling Spring Japan Tour 2016! In a few days me and Rachael will fly out to meet Eiichi in Nagoya to begin our 'Sparkling Spring Japan Tour' - here's a new instrumental for you to listen to and some more info about the tour! Rachael Dadd + Will Newsome + ICHI "Sparkling Spring Japan tour 2016" ●4/17(日)東京 町田 ＠簗田寺 ●4/18(月)東京 渋谷 ＠WWW ●4/24(日)愛知 岡崎 ＠マルタピクニック・マルタ農園 ●4/26(火)名古屋 今池 @Tokuzo (※Rachael Dadd、Will Newsome) ●4/29(金祝)三重 亀山 @月の庭 ●5/1(日)京都 @元・立誠小学校 講堂 (※Rachael Dadd、ICHI) ●5/3(火祝)神戸 @神戸市立王子動物園ホール ●5/4(水祝)鳥取 @わらべ館いべんとほーる (※Rachael Dadd、ICHI) ●5/5(木祝)尾道 @浄泉寺 ●5/8(日)淡路島 @アート山大石久也美術館 野外舞台 ●5/10(火)愛媛 @和光会館(旧和光幼稚園) ●5/14(土)、5/15(日)山梨 @PICA富士西湖 マンモス・パウワウ ●5/15(日)愛知 蒲郡 @ラグーナビーチ 森 道 市場 (※ICHI) △Rachael Dadd www.rachaeldadd.com △Will Newsome www.somenewwill.blogspot.com △ICHI www.ichicreator.com ■ポスター・フライヤーデザイン：よつめ染布舎 小野豊一 http://www.yotsume.co/ 協力 Cow and Mouse、Sweet Dreams Press、LIVERARY、WWW、ピーストライブ、海月猫、飛２、ちっちゃいパレード実行委員会、アスメモ、ねこのて舎 / NPO法人淡路島アートセンター、音ノ晴レ文ミ、and more... Posted by Will Newsome at 16:20 No comments: Email This BlogThis! Share to Twitter Share to Facebook Share to Pinterest Friday, 9 October 2015 Europe tour with ICHI - final shows... Between our show in Venice and the next one in Villefranche De Rouergue we stopped one night with our friends Enrico and Francesca in the village San Rocco in Valpolicella and one night again with Mael in Lyon where he was playing guitar with the great singer Sahra Halgan from somaliland ( http://www.sahra-halgan.com ) Our next show took us West towards Toulouse to the medieval town of Villefranche De Rouergue- it's a place few French people seem to have heard of from outside the area. It's a network of tall old buildings criss-crossed with alleyways and it feels ancient. It's hard to work in the area but cheap to live so the town has attracted a lot of creative souls. We met a lot of fascinating people in a short space of time here at Les Hauts Parelurs - a cafe/bar/gallery/performance space... I'm looking forward to listening to the minimalist reich-esque music our host Romain Scrap makes with metal bowls and metronomes... Our final show took us up to Dijon where we played at Les Lentilléres, a sort of collective garden/allotment/alternative living site...  And now back to Bristol!  Posted by Will Newsome at 09:40 No comments: Email This BlogThis! Share to Twitter Share to Facebook Share to Pinterest Wednesday, 7 October 2015 Europe tour with ICHI - Italy! Our first Italian show was in Milano, organised by Maurizio Abate - the venue a community bike workshop 'ciclofficina' run by 'Associazione UNZA!' - a bit like Bristol Bike Project but without the shop element.  For these three Italian shows me and Eiichi did our solo shows and also his other project Flyhoop which is semi-improvised music to super8 film projections...ICHI had forgotten the spool for his projector but serendipitously it turned out the guys at ciclofficina were super8 enthusiasts and gave him a spare spool. Maurizio took us to an abandoned mental health institute the next morning before we left for San Martino Spino: The 3rd we headed southeast to San Martino Spino where Tiziano Sgerbi (  http://www.fooltribe.com/bobcorn/ ) aka Bob Corn runs Barchessone Vecchio, a bar and performance space in the countryside with his brother Matteo. It's a really special place I wish I could replicate near Bristol. The mosquitoes ate us alive but at least that lent extra resonance to ICHI's 'go gagambo'; next year Tizio is planning a walking tour along a river from the foothills of the mountains to the sea... Sunday took us to Venezia where Diego Poletti had organised for us to play at gatarigole festival, a small festival for the Venetian locals (gatarigole means tickles in Venetian dialect)  We're a little in love with Venice - we were very happy to be back there. It's impossibly beautiful and the people are so friendly and kind. ICHI had a big crowd in the evening and I was over the moon to get to play some songs on a row boat whilst the audience watched from other row boats around us. Next stop tonight is Villefranche De Rouergue where we'll play at Les Hauts Parleurs: Posted by Will Newsome at 11:33 2 comments: Email This BlogThis! Share to Twitter Share to Facebook Share to Pinterest Thursday, 1 October 2015 Europe tour with ICHI days 2-5 Sunday took us to Paris where ICHI played at Point Ephemere by canal St. Martin - it's a pocket of Paris we've got to know quite well over the years through our kind and super talented friends Kate and Jesse ( of This Is The Kit - http://thisisthekit.co.uk ) Monday we spent the day with Kate and Jesse, playing at Le Pop In in the evening supporting KIDSAREDEAD ( http://kidsaredead.bandcamp.com ) - I'd met Vincent before in Bristol but never seen his show - his song structures and his style are unique and his feeling I'd compare to Francois of Francois and the Atlas Mountains or Jeff Buckley or Fumino Suke from Tsuki No WA (   http://youtu.be/MbUNcEPxoM4  ) but perhaps with higher energy... Great to play at Le Pop In again. I wish we could bring that venue back to Bristol with us. Tuesday we played in beautiful Lyon, at Le Bal Des Fringants - a show organised for us by Maël of L'etrangleuse ( http://letrangleuse.bandcamp.com ) and Orchestre Tout Puissant Marcel Duchamp ( http://www.otpmd.ch/news.html ). Wednesday to Lausanne where Liz ( also a member of OTPMD ) organised us a show for the children of the music school she works in and their parents - we played at the back of l'eglise evangelique de Lausanne... Posted by Will Newsome at 12:33 No comments: Email This BlogThis! Share to Twitter Share to Facebook Share to Pinterest Labels: Paris Lausanne Lyon lepopin BaldesFringants ICHI willnewsome KIDSAREDEAD Older Posts Home Subscribe to: Posts (Atom) Will Newsome... ...is a musician from Bristol; he writes songs and plays the kora , guitar and other stringed things. His latest release is available here on iTunes or at live shows. For questions, bookings, or if you'd like to collaborate, email: will.newsome@gmail.com Follow @somenewwill Blog Archive ▼  2018 (1) ▼  December (1) Da kuntryside fo’papas lef2us EP ►  2016 (3) ►  September (1) ►  May (1) ►  April (1) ►  2015 (5) ►  October (3) ►  September (2) ►  2014 (7) ►  December (2) ►  March (5) ►  2013 (11) ►  September (2) ►  July (4) ►  May (3) ►  March (2) ►  2012 (40) ►  September (2) ►  July (4) ►  June (3) ►  May (7) ►  April (15) ►  March (8) ►  February (1) Upcoming live shows... 16/9/16 Glad Cafe, Glasgow (also with Howie Reeve) 17/9/16 The lamplight, Regather, Sheffield 19/9/16 Sandbar, Manchester 23/9/16 Norwich Arts Centre 24/9/16 Rosehill Tavern, Brighton 10/10/16 The Wardrobe Theatre, Bristol 23/10/16 The Lamplight, Regather, Sheffield (with Diane Cluck) Please take the time to listen to and look at these friends of mine... The Hand (my other main musical project with Rachael Dadd.) Rachael Dadd - Musician and artist from Bristol. ICHI - Musician and artist from Nagoya, Japan. Louise Phillips - Artist, live drawing, vintage hairstyling. Rozi Plain - Singer-songwriter. Diane Cluck - Singer-songwriter from the USA. Hannah Buddle - Lino-cut printmaker. Naoto Kawate - Japanese guitarist and member of Maher Shalal Hash Baz. Carrie Hitchcock - Photographer and singer. Horseplay - Underground Homo Disco in Bristol. Acrojou - Circus Theatre Company. columns main outside of the include in order to lock Attribution widget Simple theme. Powered by Blogger . content 