Center for Church Music - Songs and Hymns Center For Church Music, Songs and Hymns Find Songs & Hymns Music & Worship About Us Hymn of the Week We Are God's People Learn about: We Are God's People Listen to: We Are God's People AddThis Button BEGIN AddThis Button END * * * CD Clearance * * * We need to liquidate our CD inventory as soon as possible! All 3 of our CDs are available below cost. We are selling them for $3.00 per CD, plus shipping and handling. Shipping and handling is: $4.00 for one CD $5.00 for two CDs $6.00 for three CDs. Great Hymns of the Faith Volume 1 Volume 2 or Volume 3 . Welcome to our Website! On this site you'll find Great Hymns of the Faith - hymns that will strengthen your walk with the Lord. One of the extraordinary aspects of the website is that we want you to sing along with our choir! The lyrics and the music will lead you as you sing these powerful hymns of the faith . In addition to the Great Hymns of the Faith, you'll also find articles and other supportive features that will guide you in your singing - whether at home, the office or at church. God bless you. May your song be a powerful instrument for God's glory! Contact Us to request this month's hymns beautifully printed on parchment paper complete with the hymn information or devotional. Singing a Great Hymn The hymns are not just words or notes. As you sing them, they become a means of expression that can literally change your life. Over 200 countries around the globe use the website. If you can, please donate today to this exciting ministry. We need your help right now--May God bless you! Donate A wonderful Gift! We now have three CDs available for purchase: Great Hymns of the Faith Volume 1 or Volume 2 . Volume 3 . Spread the message of this website by giving them as a gift to a friend--or yourself! Gospelcom.net Alliance Member Center for Church Music | 12879 Lakeshore Drive | Grand Haven, MI 49417 Fax: 616-846-9256 | Toll Free Number: 1-800-587-5780 For more information fill out our contact form Many photos courtesy of CyberHymnal Copyright © 2009 Center for Church Music 