The Surfaris Home Bio News Store Shows Photos Video Press Contact Publishing Home Bio News Store Shows Photos Video Press Contact Publishing note it's up to the template designer to choose which icon (if any) they want to use Welcome from Bob Berryhill Thank you for visiting the official website of The Surfaris . The Surfaris are an instrumental surf band that my three bandmates, Jim Fuller, Pat Connolly, Ron Wilson and I started back in the fall of 1962. We are best known for writing and performing the 1963 hit song "Wipe Out."   Wipe Out has sold millions of records and song downloads worldwide. According to BMI Inc. the song has been played on the radio over 5 million times. Wipe Out has a life of its own with placement in numerous blockbuster movies including The Sandlot  starring River Phoenix, Meet the Parents  with Robert Dinero, Disney's Surf's Up  and Dirty Dancing starring Patrick Swayze. The song has also been licensed for numerous television commercials including Delta Faucets and Stridex .  Wipe Out is currently featured on Broadway in a new musical called Trip Of Love.  Recently, team Yolo scored 39 out 40 points on ABC's Dancing With The Stars with their dance routine choreographed to Wipe Out. The Dirty Dancing stage musical continues to rock audiences around the world with the "Wipe Out" dance segment. One of my favorite accomplishments is the Wipe Out recognition as one of the most popular and influential instrumental songs of all time by Billboard Magazine  and the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame . This year, my 1962 Fender Reverb Tank was featured in the Musicians Hall of Fame museum, in Nashville, TN. I still enjoy leading the current band and performing as The Surfaris today.  - Bob Berryhill Bob Berryhill's 1962 Reverb Unit on display at the Musician's Hall OF Fame - Nashville, TN Bob Berryhill & The Surfaris exclusively play Fender Guitars, Amplifiers, and Reverb Tanks Join our mailing list for the latest news Sign up NOTE: International Customers   Please check with your country's Customs Office before ordering as some charge a tariff. ©2019  The Surfaris with Bob Berryhill All Rights Reserved PO Box 1429 Laguna Beach, CA 92652 949-376-3637 bob@thesurfaris.com Powered by Bandzoogle Google Analytics 