Home - Tom Stone Jazz Saxophone Tom Stone - Saxophonist, Multi-instrumentalist, Composer, Arranger Home Tom Stone is a saxophone player and multi-instrumentalist from London.  He graduated from the Royal Academy of Music with First Class Honours in 2010.  Although primarily a tenor saxophone player, Tom plays all of saxes - Baritone, Tenor, Alto and Soprano. Session Work: In 2013 and 2014 Tom was part of the X-Factor Live Big Band, playing on the live shows with all of the remaining contestants.  Here's a link to one of the performances with Sam Bailey:  http://youtu.be/R8C5q5F5loM Tom works regularly with Disco icon Gloria Gaynor and has travelled to various countries with her including, Spain and Russia.  Here's a clip from one of the gigs:  http://youtu.be/OkS4gXTeEnc?t=12m46s In 2012, Michael Kiwanuka was nominated for a Mercury Award and Tom played baritone sax for Michael on various performances, including the live awards show:  http://youtu.be/9845oFniKiM Tom has toured extensively with rock band The Maccabees.  They played at festivals all over the UK and Europe, including Glastonbury.  Here's a clip from the Glastonbury show:  http://youtu.be/-4A6ykWIUpk .  And here is an audio clip from a gig at Brixton Academy: Brixton Gig Hand Fulla Soul: The band Hand Fulla Soul is a hugely successful function band, specialising in corporate events and weddings.  Hand Fulla Soul was setup by Tom back in 2006 and now they play at events all over the world.  Most recently Hand Fulla Soul brought in the new year in Singapore on board the largest privately owned yacht in the world.  Check out the band's website www.handfullasoul.com for more information. Wandering Hands: The other band that Tom runs is called Wandering Hands.  This completely acoustic trio wow guests at events across the world with a vast repertoire or playful and inventive covers.  They will have everyone singing along, shouting requests, and getting stuck in to the fun.  For more information here's the Wandering Hands website:  www.wandering-hands.co.uk .  Or check out a recent video of the band:  http://youtu.be/tD4XKRoqR9M Biog: Tom started the saxophone aged 11 having already gained a distinction in grade 8 violin.  Starting on alto he was soon offered the lead chair in his school's big band where by the end of his school career he had written and arranged several pieces as well as been a featured soloist on the band's album.  In 2003 Tom was offered a place on the Royal Academy Junior Jazz Course.  This course gave him the opportunity to meet and play with many great players including Tim Garland and Stan Sulzmann, both of whom have had a big influenc on Tom's own music.  Several people came in to give masterclasses to the 9 people on the course including Liam Noble, Nikki Iles, Pete Churchill, Tom Cawley, Darren Altman and others.  The Royal Academy's Junior Jazz course is open to people aged between 13 and 18 and more info can be found at  http://www.ram.ac.uk/study/junior-academy/junior-jazz . It was Tom's early big band experience that led him to The National Youth Jazz Orchestra (NYJO).  Tom Joined NYJO in 2005 and held a chair in the band for 7 years.  It was with NYJO that Tom made his Ronnie Scotts debut in January 2007.  Tom is now the Musical Director for the NYJO Nonet, which is a 9-piece band of current and ex NYJO members.  For more information about NYJO please visit their website at www.nyjo.org.uk .  The Tom Stone Nonet is Tom's own original project featuring his compositions and arrangements.  Formed at the end of 2008, the band consists of Tom (Tenor Sax), Tommy Andrews/Mick Foster (Baritone Sax), James Gardiner-Bateman (Alto Sax), Freddie Gavita/Will Rixon (Trumpet), Patrick Hayes/Tom White (Trombone), Dave Hamblett/Josh Morrison (Drums), Peter Randall (Bass), Sam Leak/Kit Downes (Piano) and Lewis Wright (Vibes).  They haven't played together for a little while, but there is a Facebook page about the band here . To get in touch with Tom about anything, please email tomstone251@gmail.com . Thanks! Tom                                                               tom@tomstonesax.co.uk wfxbuild / 1.0 / layout6-116-1 / 2015-02-24 17:54:16 CET 