Top Shelf Guitar Shop | Milwaukee, Wisconsin Home Guitar Repairs Instruments Electric Guitars Basses Acoustic Guitars Amplifiers Pedals & More Guitar Lessons Home Guitar Repairs Instruments Electric Guitars Basses Acoustic Guitars Amplifiers Pedals & More Guitar Lessons Top Shelf Guitar Shop • Milwaukee, Wisconsin Top Shelf Guitar Shop is located in Milwaukee Wisconsin. We buy, sell, trade, and repair quality new, used, vintage guitars, and amplifiers. We also provide guitar lessons and bass lessons with qualified instructors. We are in a neighborhood known as Bay View, about 3 miles south of the downtown area. Please give us a call or stop in and we’ll be happy to help you with your musical needs. Expert Guitar Repairs Milwaukee’s Top Shelf is a full-service guitar shop. We offer an expert repair service for guitars, basses and amps. Guitars Top Shelf  has a variety of electric, acoustic and bass guitars, mostly used, but we have a few new ones too. Amplifiers Top Shelf has a variety of amplifiers available (mostly used) for sale. Stop down to check them out. Here’s what some of our customers are saying about Top Shelf! Jeff (owner) has resurrected a lot of broken equipment and guitars for my family and friends over the years. He asks intelligent questions to understand your playing style and what you need so he can make suggestions. Being an incredible musician in his own right he understands these things. When you buy something from him all the years of knowledge and guidance, standing behind the gear is included in the price. He made the mistakes so you don't have to! If you want cheap cheap go see a clerk at a big box store where they employ kids who don't know products. As a wise man once told me ``buy the best and you only cry once``. You can find the best at Top Shelf! - Dan Nice little shop with different selections of new acoustics, ukeleles, used electric guitars and amps of all sizes. Great selection of parts, strings and accessories not seen in many other stores! Very approachable and kind staff, good small business. - Chris I called at about 5:45 p.m. and they close at 6, I was in dire need of getting my electronic drum fixed. As I have read previous reviews they had stayed open late for other customers, so i figured I'd give it a shot. Long story short, he said come on in. He had me all fixed up ready to go in less than 5 minutes. A++++++ not to many stand up businesses around anymore, but I would recommend them all day long. And that was my first time in the shop. It's not like I'm a regular customers. Thank you guys!!! - Al Great guitar shop. I mostly go there for small parts and strings however, I took my Les Paul for a set up and the result was great and service was pretty quick. - Jose Excellent service, great prices, and a wealth of knowledge when it comes to anything that has to do with guitars. Top Shelf Guitar Shop will always steer you in the right direction. Thanks for everything! - Madilyn end content end page-wrap Top Shelf Guitar Shop 2358 S. Kinnickinnic Ave. Milwaukee, WI 53207 Phone: (414) 481-8677 E-Mail: topshelfguitars@sbcglobal.net Hours Mon & Wed: Noon – 7 pm Tues & Thurs: Noon – 6 pm Fri & Sat: Noon – 6 pm Sun: Closed © 2017 Top Shelf Guitar Shop - Website by Carmen Gagliano . end copyright end wrapall / boxed 