TweakHeadz Lab Electronic Musician's Hangout   The #1 Site for Learning about Home and Project Studios A WORD in the Product NAME A WORD in the Product DESCRIPTION MANUFACTURER (Roland, Korg, etc.) More Really SCHWEET DEALz Tweak: New Lower price.  Great Buy. Roland JUNO-G 61-Key Synthesizer Keyboard Look familiar? True to its heritage, the new JUNO-G is affordable and user-friendly. But that's where the comparisons to yesteryear end. This modern marvel packs a studio's worth of sound, sequencing, and audio recording into one amazing instrument. Sharing the same high-powered processor as Roland's famous Fantom-X series, the JUNO-G puts a world of first-class sound and performance features under musicians' fingertips -- and allows more sounds to be added via SRX expansion. Songs can be created with the onboard audio/MIDI recorder, all for an incredibly low price! New price $100 less Mackie Onyx 820i 8-Channel Premium Analog Mixer with FireWire Interface   The ultra-compact Mackie Onyx 820i FireWire Recording Mixer combines the benefits of a powerful interface with the hands-on control of premium analog features like three Onyx mic preamps and Perkins EQ. Qualified by Mackie for use will all major DAWs, including Pro Tools M-Powered 8 (upgrade required*), the 820i is the perfect front-end to any home studio.     Korg Kaossilator Pro Dynamic Phrase Synthesizer Korg Radias-R Virtual Analog Synthesizer Rack   LOWER Price!   Hot Monitor DEALz ! Tweak : Excellent Deal for a Home Studio!  KRK RP8G2 Monitor and Mic Pack   In addition to a pair of KRK RP8G2s you get: Samson C01 Large Condenser Microphone Behringer C2 Condenser Microphone Audio-Technica ATHM20  Headphones 2  Tripod Boom Mic Stands 2  Mic Cables 2 XLR to 1/4-inch TRS Cables The krk rp8g2 is winning in our poll! Also See the KRK RP6g2 package deal Poll Best Monitors $300-$600 a pair  Winning: KRK RP8G2 Mixing, mastering, and monitoring Highlights Choosing the Right Mixer How to Setup a Mixer The Truth about Studio Monitors Mastering in the Home Studio EQ and the Limits of Audio The Perfect Mix How to Mix in the Box 16 vs. 24 bit demystified Using Pan Controls Effectively Polls Poll   Best monitors under $300 a pair.  Winning: KRK RP5G2     Poll Best headphones under $100  Winning: Sony MDR 7506 Polls on "Which Mixer?" Poll Best Studio Monitors @ $1200 a pair.   Our new poll suggests the Adam A7.  Do you agree? Winning:  Adam A7 Powered Nearfield Monitor Cool Quote Department "There is _no_ theory. You have only to listen. Pleasure is the law. I love music passionately. And because l love it, I try to free it from barren traditions that stifle it. It is a free art gushing forth, an open-air art boundless as the elements, the wind, the sky, the sea. It must never be shut in and become an academic art. " Claude Debussy More quotations Tweak's Music hundreds of songs online Highlights Hear Tweak's Recent work with Christina on "The Secret Door" Tweak's "Planet Wonder" hi-fi       Winnie returns to the studio with "Let me Go My Way" There's more in the jukebox Tip # 4 Headroom is more important than Loudness   Making your tracks "as hot as possible" is an analog throwback that no longer applies to digital.  Recording at 24 bit, you'll get a better sound, and a better mix, if you give yourself a generous cushion between your signal and 0db on the meters. Tweak's BookStore Tweak's BookStore has three Amazon A-stores and now sells Pro Gear and World Instruments As well as Books and Music Tip # 5 Bass Kills Many tracks have unneeded bass which when summed together can destroy your mix.  Get rid of as much unnecessary bass as you can on every track Working with Video Highlights Doing Video Projects in your Home Studio Using your studio to make Podcasts iLife '06 and GarageBand Using Soundtrack Pro It's NEW! (New Arrivals and stuff you can Pre-Order) it used to be new bLOwOuts Tweakheadz is iPhone friendly-- Mobile Version Time Out!  What?!  U'r already a Producah? Oh that's tight! So take Tweak's Test and see if you really got it poppin'. There were over 175 user polls in our forums on last count (And that was a while ago!) Forum RSS Feed Tweet Tweak on Twitter @tweakheadz TweakHeadz Lab |  Studio-Central  |  Audio-Pro-Central   |  Master INDEX  | Store Affiliations | Site Map | Support the Lab | Privacy Policy | ï¿½2010 TweakHeadz.com Guitar   |  Bass   |  Keyboard   |  Recording  |  Computer   |  Live   |  Drums   |  DJ   | Accessories   |   Blowouts    The Guide | Forums | Rigs |  JukeBox | Reviews | Bookstore |  Twitter   | Mobile |  About | Myspace | RSS  | Blog    Tweak's Guide to recording success In the Guide you can learn all the basics of how the latest recording technologies work, step by step, from  easy-to-read pages to in-depth articles that seasoned audio professionals will appreciate. There are currently 80 "classes" in the guide and they cover all the essentials you need to know.  You may read these articles for free. Tweak Sez:  Thank You for making this site the #1 site on home and project studios. Check out the new MASTER LIST of Articles. All original content.  TweakHeadz Lab is the REAL THING. Comparison Charts Updated! Firewire Audio Interfaces USB2.0 Audio Interfaces PCI Soundcards and Audio Interfaces Updated! Multi-timbral keyboards Recent Articles   New Kaossilator Pro Review New : Korg M3 Resources New Guide Article:  The Art of Pitch Correction New  Review of the UAD SSL4k processors The Best of the Cheap Interfaces New Guide Article: The Many functions of MIDI Tenori-On Review New products from Namm 2010 Getting into Pro Tools 8.1 Subscribe to Tweak's Blogspot   Should we Upgrade to Win 7? Polls Best Mid price Firewire Interface Best $1000 synth   Latency and how to fix it Working as a Sound Developer Review of Trilian Pictures of 270 Home and Pro Studios Updated   Behringer ADA8000 Review Setting up a Word Clock distribution system Tip #1 Great Sound Excellent Microphone + Excellent Preamp + Excellent Converters + Excellent Monitors + Room Treatment =Great Sound! Essential Concepts Hooking Up Audio MIDI Basics Signal Flow B asics Studio setup in a Nutshell Building a Quiet Room The War on Hum Latency and how to Deal Impedance for Musicicans How to setup a Patchbay Room Acoustics Basics About Cables Digital Audio Converters Bit Depth & Sample Rate Word Clock TimeCode Audio Interfaces and Soundcards Department Highlights Soundcard? Audio Interface? or Firewire Mixer? Audio interfaces for your Macbook, iMac and Mac Pro Review of the MOTU 896MK3 Review of the  MOTU 828MK2 Studio Signal Flow The world's BEST soundcard Want to compare what's out there ?  I made this for you. Polls Poll Best audio interface over $1000 Winning: RME Fireface 800 Poll: Best FW interface 400-550 (new) Poll   Best soundcard under $100   Winning: MAudio Audiophile 2496 Recording, Composition and Arranging Department Highlights What to watch out for when buying a Multi-Track Review of the Yamaha AW1600 The Concise History of Home Recording The Systems Page The Recording Process made Simple Hip Hop Beat Construction All about Compressors and their use Recording Electric Guitar Using  FX Processors Past and Present The Cheapest Computer Studio Inspiration and Style How to Write Drum Tracks Tweak's Guitar Gallery Highlights Tweak reviews the VG99 Getting a Great Guitar Tone in a Sequencer Review of the Epiphone Casino Buying your first nylon stringed guitar Cool Gear Fender American Standard Stratocaster Electric Guitar (Maple, With Case) Fender     Epiphone     Ibanez   Electric Guitars   Amplifiers Acoustic Guitars-Steel Classic Guitars-Nylon More Guitars Tweak Sez: Outstanding studio amp for the money!  Vox VT30   Accessories Strings Cables Foam Sticks Picks Tuners Pickups Blank Media Power 21 Ideas for Home Studio Rigs If I were starting out today, I'd click this Tweak's "I'm broke but I want to produce my band, rig" Tascam US1641 USB 2.0 Audio Interface (includes Cubase LE4!) KRK RP5G2 Rokit G2  Monitors SM57 and SM58 Mic Package (6 mics & cables) On-Stage Mic Stand Bundle Just add your computer (with USB 2.0) and cables for the monitors.  No mixer needed! Low cost Firewire Rig "EZ to get started software based system" Presonus Firestudio Mobile (includes Cubase LE4) Mackie MR5 Reference Monitor Studio Projects B1 Microphone M-audio Axiom 25 Keyboard Sonar Home Studio (PC) On the Mac use GarageBand or Logic Express Add your computer and your talent and make a masterpiece. Entry level Mixer Based PCI Soundcard System "inexpensive but works and sounds good" Home Studio or Cubase S tudio MAudio Audiophile 2496 Roland Juno DI  (or MM6 ) Behringer XENYX 1204USB  Mixer Shure SM57 Microphone KRK RP5G2 Active monitors works well with older computers with a PCI slot Discuss this rig ! PC/Mac DAW Firewire Studio with Motorized faders will run any sequencer or ProTools MP Pro Tools MP Software Korg M50 Project Mix system Rode NT1a KRK RP8G2 Monitors and add your computer More on this Rig ! Dream Mac Studio "Awe inspiring solution for composition, recording, mixing and mastering!" Apple MacPro Desktop Computer Motu 828MK3 or Apogee Ensemble KRK VXT8 Active Studio Monitor s Focusrite ISA428 preamps (or mix and match your faves) K org M3 88 Logic Studio UAD2 Plugins Rode NT2a (vocals, instruments) SM7b (male vocals, amps) SM81 (guitars, overheads)   NI Komplete   Discuss this rig! See More Studio Rigs     Getting your studio Wired Highlights All About Cables The Signal Flow in a Basic recording studio How to set up a patchbay Guide Article Impedance for Musicians How to  Quiet your Studio Room Acoustics for your Home Studio The War on Hum zZounds now carries Ready Acoustics Bass Traps Software Instruments Highlights What is a Soft Synth? Review of Omnisphere Review of MOTU's BPM Review of Superior Drummer 2.0 Review of Kontakt 3 Review of Kore 2 My Favorite Vintage Soft Synths Tip # 6 Fun Factor Whatever you are creating, don't take it so seriously that you can't have fun with it! If you are having a good time with your creations there is a good chance people will notice that.  About This Site On this site you will find everything you need to know about producing master quality music in your home studio. You will find a gold mine of studio information,  and many often guarded recording industry secrets. About this site's online store affiliations 100% Pure Original Content, Tweakheadz Lab is the real deal! Donate to TweakHeadz Lab Tweak's Studio-Central Forum Links Tweak's Cafe' is always Open 24/7/365 "Come on in and Hang Out with us"   webbot b-include-home="FALSE" b-include-up="FALSE" bot="Navigation" s-orientation="vertical" s-rendering="graphics" s-type="sequence" u-page="sid:1410" startspan Register Here!---- Over Half a Million Posts Login (if already registered) PICTURES of Members Studios NEWBIE QUESTIONS Answered! SONG REVIEW Have your GEAR LIST critiqued Members GEAR Reviews Leave Feedback for Tweak webbot bot="Navigation" i-checksum="40096" endspan   Web tweakheadz.com studio-central.com audio-pro-central.com       zZounds now ships to Canada as well as the USA! Details Browse the WHOLE Store by Price!   type in a range like this 19 -25 or 50-55 or the range you want to spend.   Keyboards and Modules Highlights Learn how to choose the Right Keyboard Guide to Compact MIDI Controllers History of the Roland Fantom Article on the Motif Family of keyboards All About MIDI Modules All about  MIDI interfaces The Tweaker's Guide to Continuous Controllers Tips: Programming Synths Review: V-Synth GT Review of the Motif XS Polls on budget keyboards and audio interfaces Review of the ReMOTE 37 SL by Novation See all articles on Keyboards Polls Poll   Fantom G, Motif XS, Or Korg M3?  Our readers say: Fantom G Poll Best multi-timbral synth under $600 Roland Juno D (very close!)   Microphones and Preamps     What do all these Mics have in Common? All of our members know.  Do you?  Start reading the Guide today! Highlights Get the perfect Mics for the Home Studio A Primer on Mic Preamps Review of the Shure SM81 Review of the Shure SM57 Review of the Electro-Voice RE20 Review of the Shure SM7B Review of the M-Audio Solaris Microphone Review of the Neumann TLM 103 Review of the Rode NT1 Review of FMR's Really Nice Preamp How to Record  Vocals How to Process Vocals Setting up a Vocal Session Using Harmonizers The FMR RNP an excellent preamp for the above average home studio. Polls Poll The Best All-Purpose Condenser Mic for $200  Winning: Rode NT1a   Poll  Best  microphone preamp $100-250   Winning: M-Audio DMP3   Poll Best large condenser around $100  Winning: Studio Projects B1 Poll Best studio dynamic Mic under $130   Winning:  Shure SM57 Department of Digital Sampling Highlights Using your Hardware Sampler Creatively Secrets of Sampling Cool Gear Korg microSAMPLER Sampling Keyboard Downloadable Sounds at zZounds (Hey that rhymes!) Tip # 2 Knowledge IS Power! Great Performances +recording technique + Inspired MIX + Mastering = Professional Quality Production Let Tweak shorten your learning curve.  Learn, Experiment, Gain Experience--that is the true road. Sequencers and your DAW Highlights Mac or PC? Review of Cubase 5 Review of Sonar (recent) Review of Logic 9 Review of Reason 4.0 Review of ACID Many More articles on Sequencers Defining Custom Bank Select Methods in Logic Polls Poll: Which is Better? Logic, Cubase, Sonar, PTLE, DP  Winning:  Sonar! (but its close!) Cool Gear Logic Pro 9 is in the Logic Studio Package CUBASE 5 is here at the TweakLab and under review Tip # 3 Stop Comparing your Music to "OPM" (other people's music) Your music is about you! Not them.  Yes. it's a scary journey.  But that is where your personal treasure trove of musical gold lies.  Don't be an imposter.  Dig yourself   