Victoria Summer Musical Festival JOIN MAILING LIST | DONATE | BUY TICKETS | Facebook | Sublime Summer Evenings of Music Click here to visit page Home About Concerts Tickets & Information Support VSMF Links Contact VICTORIA SUMMER MUSIC FESTIVAL Our concert hall’s terraced seating, excellent sightlines and laudable acoustics fully complement each evening’s wonderful music-making. READ MORE ABOUT VSMF News Free Student Tickets! Do you know any full-time students? Perhaps you are one! A generous donor has offered to pay for ten student tickets to each of the 2019 Victoria Summer Music Festival concerts. The f irst ten full-time students of any age (K12 to university) to show up before the pre-concert talk each evening will receive free admission . To take advantage of this offer, please arrive at the Phillip T. Young Recital Hall, University of Victoria, before 6:40 p.m. For more information, email us at vsmf.org or call 250-294-7778. A sneak peek at Ensemble Made In Canada VSMF board member Audrey McClellan attended Edmonton’s Summer Solstice Music Festival and had a sneak peek at Ensemble Made In Canada, the piano quartet closing out this year’s Victoria Summer Music Festival. Read more about the quartet’s performance here. Youth Outreach You’re never too young to enjoy chamber music! To encourage the next generation audience, we have initiated two opportunities for young musicians and music lovers. Click here to find out more.   See All News Posts .dpe-flexible-posts Concerts Pacifica Quartet with Clarinetist Jose Franch-Ballester Tuesday, July 23, 2019, 7:30 pm Jose Franch-Ballester, clarinet, with Terence Tam, violin, Brian Yoon, cello, and Arthur Rowe, piano Thursday, July 25, 2019, 7:30 pm Rolston String Quartet Tuesday, July 30, 2019, 7:30 pm Rolston String Quartet with Arthur Rowe Thursday, August 1, 2019, 7:30 pm Ensemble Made in Canada piano quartet Tuesday August 6, 2019, 7:30 pm Menu Home News About About VSMF Become A Member Board of Directors Menu Concerts Tickets & Information Support VSMF Privacy Policy Menu Buy Tickets Donate Links Join Mailing List Contact Menu Facebook © 2019 Victoria Summer Musical Festival  |  VSMF  |  All rights Reserved  |  site by hey shauna 