Windup Music: Piano and Guitar Lessons Toronto Windup Music Home About Contact Blog Expanding Minds Through Creative Process A new approach to piano and guitar lessons in Toronto. Book Consultation Learn More Personalized Lessons Your child is unique, and so is our program. Where traditional music programs attempt to teach every child in the same way, we offer an approach personalized to each student. We rely only on the most basic skills that exist very early on in your child’s development. Read more: “How your child is already a musician.” Testimonials: Read about students’ experiences learning at Windup Music “My five year old daughter has been taking lessons for five months and she’s already notating her own music.” Michelle Define Goals We work with the student and their parents to define meaningful goals related to their music education. Discover Interests We encourage students to explore all aspects of music; improvisation, composition, recording. Personalize Path Each student is unique in their skill development and musical interests. We tailor our teaching to them. Positive Environment We teach students to express themselves constructively. Too often in the classroom, your child’s creativity is muted. Our purpose is to empower each student with the tools and opportunity to express themselves in a productive way. Students are encouraged to create music from the very beginning of their education. Read more: Imagery Used in Piano Lessons “Blake is always looking forward to piano lessons and loves to write his own songs.” Danelle Writing Music We want to inspire students to explore and find their own voice through music. Excerpt from: “When I Grow Up” by Blake A Dedicated Founder Teaching Music from a New Perspective Julia has a great passion for teaching and wanted to create Windup Music Program to change and inspire the way we learn music. Read more Julia Mermelstein RCM Teacher Certification Royal Conservatory of Music Bachelor of Fine Arts Music, Composition, Piano Concordia University Freelance Composer Film, Dance, Concert Home About Contact Blog begin olark code Questions? Feedback? Olark live chat software end olark code 