 Dave Crimmen Dave Crimmen Booking Shows My Music Lounge Jukebox Contact Press row container A Bay Area Favorite row row container Sign up for Dave’s Weekly Newsletter! ××× row Sign Me Up!   Privacy Policy About Dave Crimmen ××× I am a Rock Artist from San Francisco row Tunes You'll Love What I Make According to my older sisters, I've been doing this since I was just six months old! Inspired by the legends - Elvis Presley, Little Richard and Chuck Berry - I set out to emulate the feel good, rock out vibes that make hips shake and heads bop. I love my music. I write my music for the girls, the fans, and the fellow lovers of classic rock. To hear some of my music, go to the Jukebox ! col Rock Band for Hire What I Love Our bread & butter is Rock 'n Roll from the late 50's to the early 80's with original music and cover tunes. We generally play Rockabilly, Surf Rock, Doo-Wop and Classic Rock in our repertoire of over 1,000 songs. We've done hundreds and hundreds of gigs at bars , parties , and beyond. We've been booked for over 250 shows in 2015 alone and are looking forward to rocking out at your next event. Book the band ! col row container Live Shows ××× row   Already booked 300 shows in 2019! Book Dave Now ! Check out the  Live Shows page to see where Dave will be next!   Albums & Singles ××× row Filter by 50's Rock 80's Rock Available on Amazon Available on CD Baby Available on iTunes Dave Crimmen Albums Dave Crimmen Mp3 Dave Crimmen Singles Rockabilly Surf Rock filters The Son of Sun, Album Big Daddy D, Album Del Monico’s Theme, Single Full Circle, Album Still On My Mind, Album If You Said Yes, Single Where He Left Off, Album 1957 Chevrolet Bel Air, Single portfolio-list Browse all container The Lounge ××× Rock N' Roll History row First Man On The Moon! July 16, 2019 // admin // Uncategorized No Responses (more…) Clean Up You Own Backyard July 8, 2019 // admin // 1960's , Billboard Magazine , CA. , California , Classic Rock , Elvis Presley , History , Music , R.C.A. , R.C.A. Victor , R.C.A. Victor Records , Rock 'n Roll , Rock 'n Roll Hall of Fame , Rock n' Roll History , San Francisco Music , Sun Records , Swamp Rock , Tony Joe White , Uncategorized No Responses (more…) Happy Fourth of July! July 2, 2019 // admin // 4th of July , CA. , California , Civil Rights , Education , Federal Holiday , Fourth of July , Memorial Day , Military , New Jersey , Uncategorized , United States History , United States of America No Responses (more…) Show all posts Contact Me ××× Booking, Inquiries and General Questions row 2 + 3 = Please, write your name. Please, insert your email address. Please, leave a message. Umh, are you good with math? Message received! Thanks. Find Me and Follow Me social-icons row container 