Abbey Rader / Free Jazz Drummer, Buddhist Practitioner & Martial Artist FOLDER About Bio Eastern Influence Discography Endorsements Music Groups FOLDER Media Photos Video Film Contact Abbey Rader MAIN NAVIGATION FOLDER About Bio Eastern Influence Discography Endorsements Music Groups FOLDER Media Photos Video Film Contact Short Bio Recent Releases Featured Video Short Bio this keeps the inline-blocks from collapsing Latest release: Second Gathering Abbey Rader / Peter Kuhn / Kyle Motl / Drew Ceccato Listen on Bandcamp SCROLL DOWN Short Bio this keeps the inline-blocks from collapsing Latest release: Second Gathering Abbey Rader / Peter Kuhn / Kyle Motl / Drew Ceccato Listen on Bandcamp “ Abbey Rader is an unheralded legend of free jazz. ” — Mark Corroto, All About Jazz   Hails from: The Bronx, NYC   Albums: 33   Practices: Ch'an Buddhism Taiji Qigong     Abbey Rader is a musician and composer who has dedicated his life to playing improvised music as part of a spiritual quest for deeper meaning. He is heavily influenced by his study of Buddhism under the tutelage of the Master Sheng Yen, beginning in 1975 at the Ch’an Center in Queens, New York. His career spans over four decades with a discography that includes 33 albums, the majority under his leadership. He lived in Europe in the late 70s and 80s where he performed with John Handy, Dr. L. Subramaniam, Gunter Hampel, Jeanne Lee, Marion Brown, Mal Waldron, and had his own band, The Right Time. He was a clinician for Sonor drums for many years and taught jazz drum set studies at several universities in Germany. Since returning to America, he has performed and recorded with Dave Liebman, Billy Bang, Frank Lowe, Ed Schuller, Kidd Jordan, Taylor Ho Bynum, Peter Kuhn and many others. Recent Releases this keeps the inline-blocks from collapsing Recent Releases this keeps the inline-blocks from collapsing Recent Releases     Second Gathering ABRAY PRODUCTIONS, 2018 Abbey Rader Peter Kuhn Kyle Motl Drew Ceccato <a href="http://abbeyrader.bandcamp.com/album/second-gathering">Second Gathering by Abbey Rader West Coast Quartet</a> Purchase (Bandcamp)     Phenobarbital Sessions ABRAY Productions, 2017 Abbey Rader John McMinn <a href="http://abbeyrader.bandcamp.com/album/phenobarbital-sessions">Phenobarbital Sessions by Abbey Rader / John McMinn</a> Purchase (Bandcamp)     Reunion ABRAY PRODUCTIONS, 2016 Abbey Rader John McMinn Noah Brandmark Kyle Motl Drew Ceccato Purchase (Bandcamp) Featured Video this keeps the inline-blocks from collapsing "You must empty your mind to hear and interplay spontaneously with the other musicians, and allow the music to come through you." - Abbey Rader - Featured Video this keeps the inline-blocks from collapsing "You must empty your mind to hear and interplay spontaneously with the other musicians, and allow the music to come through you." - Abbey Rader - FOOTER WITH OPEN BLOCK FIELD Top Bandcamp YouTube Soundcloud Facebook © 2018 Abbey Rader 