WASHINGTON CORNETT AND SACKBUTT ENSEMBLE - Home Home News BIO Media Musicians Blog Concerts Sample Programs Contact & Booking Photography: Jolie Snavely ​ Join us for our exciting 2019-20 concert season! This year, WCSE is “on the road again” with some exciting programs! First, in September, we present our Giovanniana! Program once more at the Solo and Chamber Music Series at Pittsburg State University in southeast Kansas. In October, WCSE continues its partnership with string and continuo players of the North Carolina Baroque Orchestra, coming together for another sumptuous early baroque program with the Raleigh Bach Soloists. Also in October, WCSE joins forces with La Fiocco in Philadelphia for a program called Stravaganza in eco , exploring music for strings, brass, and voices in volleying concert. In early December, we return to the glorious-sounding Duke Chapel for more motets from Michael Praetorius’s Polyhymnia (1619), celebrating the 400 th year of its publication. And in early March….one more Monteverdi Vespers (!!!) this time with the Baltimore Choral Arts Society, the Baltimore Baroque Band, and the Peabody Renaissance Ensemble. WCSE returns to beautiful Cumberland, Maryland in late March for another concert of Italian masters with the choir of Mountainside Baroque. On May 2 nd , we will present a new program at the Pennsylvania Consort Concert Series in Bedford, PA, including some presentations for local students on May 1 st .  Just after that, WCSE heads to the Music at St. Paul’s series in Chattanooga, TN to resound music of Gabrieli and Monteverdi (sections of 1610 Vespers) in that lovely downtown space!   Finally, we are pleased to announce our brand new collaboration with King’s Counterpoint in Charleston, SC, directed by David and Judith Acres, in a program called The Glories of Venice. We look forward to what will be an ongoing musical partnership with these wonderful musicians in such a beautiful destination! Wherever you are, we hope that you will come hear us at one of these stops “on the road.” Home News BIO Media Musicians Blog Concerts Sample Programs Contact & Booking 