Eliason School Of Music | Portland Piano, Violin, Cello, and Guitar Lessons Phone: 503.293.2390 | Address: 2929 SW Multnomah Blvd, Portland, OR 97219 Home Lessons Cello Lessons Guitar Lessons Piano Lessons Violin Lessons Testimonials FAQ Register Contact Us Menu end container_wrap Welcome To Eliason Music Cello Lessons Read More Piano Lesson Read More Guitar Lessons Read More Welcome To Eliason Music Read More Previous Next 1 2 3 4 5 Portland’s Violin, Cello, Guitar & Piano Lessons Instructors Welcome You Portland has been our music school’s home for teaching piano , guitar , violin and cello lessons since 2004. Since then, our music instructors have been teaching students music lessons for cello, violin, piano and guitar in and around Portland at our school or in the comfort of their own home with private lessons. Our instructors offer music lessons for students from age four and we teach adults as well. Register Now Call Now close content main div In addition to great guitar, cello, violin and piano lessons and instructors, our music school in Portland is the home of the Complete Instruction Method, which balances lessons learning by ear as well as note reading and theory. Our music instructors at our school in Portland consists of career music teachers for piano, guitar, violin & cello who have focused on teaching lessons as a life path and who love what we do. Our school in Portland offers fun private lessons, free recitals, family discounts and we are conveniently located locally. We proudly offer lessons to the following areas: Beaverton, Portland, Tigard & Hillsboro. close content main div What Type Of Music Lessons Are Your Looking For From Our Music School? Piano Lessons Click Here Cello Lessons Click Here Violin Lessons Click Here Guitar Lessons Click Here close content main div Trying to choose the best instructors in Portland to get the best lessons for you or your child? Trying to choose the best instructors in Portland to get the best lessons for you or your child? The Eliason School Of Music in Southwest Portland’s Multnomah Village offers guitar, violin, cello & piano lessons to students of all ages. We understand that as a parent you have a choice between several local schools & private lessons providers and that not all programs are the same. close content main div At the Eliason School of Music we offer a diverse and well balanced music education in a fun and supportive environment. Here are some examples of what students are learning every week at the Eliason School of Music. ♫. A variety of Music such as Classical, Blues, Jazz, Folk, Movie Music, Broadway, Celtic and more, even improvisation! ♫. Students learn to become great sight readers and get to play a wide variety of great Music. ♫. We develop a students natural ear, how to hear the subtleties of Music and how to play Music just by hearing it. ♫. We teach audition and concerto preparation for students who want to excel in Classical Music. ♫. We teach families in blocks of lesson time, many of them enjoy playing duets and practicing together at home. ♫. In addition to teaching students as young as age 4, we also teach adults of all levels how to play beautifully and enjoy playing. ♫. We teach performance skills. With our two free recitals every year we teach students how to prepare for performances and play with confidence. ♫. We make learning fun for kids. For young students we have fun, effective practice charts that are clear and easy to follow at home and that have the right amount of challenge. Our teachers also create unique musical games that make practicing fun and develop a students innate talent. ♫. We make learning fun for adults. We do this by finding pieces of Music that you are motivated to play and giving you all the tools and support to achieve playing what your hear desires. close content main div The Complete Instruction Method Students receive all the technical tools necessary to achieve their highest play. Students are allowed to play a wide assortment of music using the cello, guitar, piano or violin and experience the joy of playing. After years of experiences teaching piano, cello, violin & guitar lessons with music and voice students in Portland who came to our school after experiences with other programs in the Portland METRO area, we developed the Complete Instruction method. We found these students and parents had common complaints about their previous lessons for piano, cello, guitar or violin that led them to us. Some students were allowed to play lots of pieces of music in there lessons and the focus was on fun, but they were not improving because important techniques were not being taught. Other students were not learning any pieces and had spent as long as almost two years devoted solely to exercises and musical theory. In an attempt to offer students a balanced approach to learning in our guitar & piano lessons, we have developed Complete Instruction. We believe this sets us apart from other instructors that provide lessons, combined with a philosophy that learning music should be a fun and positive experience. Music is challenging and as teachers we help students around Portland to overcome challenges by using the best techniques and giving positive encouragement. close content main div New To Music Lessons? View our free report “The beginners guide to starting music lessons” Read More close content main div Music Lessons That Make Sense Students enrolled in our music lessons over time develop the ability to learn music purely by ear as well as by note reading. This dual method of learning opens up a world of possibilities for students, allowing them to be free to learn what inspires them to play. It also diminishes the likelihood of becoming frustrated, because when you learn a new piece of music you will have two ways of learning it in your mind, rather than just one. The method also works beautifully when exploring different styles such as Jazz, Folk, Pop, or Improvisation because you can hear how the notes should sound just by ear, but you also understand them and what they mean when they are written down on paper. Learning the Complete Instruction Method at our school in Portland is a lot of fun and as teachers we love sharing this new technique with our students. close content main div Jeffrey is a kind and talented musician that has been teaching piano to our now 7-year old daughter, Juliana for 1.5 years. He is adept at finding ways to keep her motivated and focused, which is a challenge when working with young children. He does well with teaching new topics and finds creative ways to solidify concepts, which are vital when learning to play an instrument. He finds her strengths and allows her to be creative, which is part of the art form. We appreciate Jeffrey’s style and patience and would recommend him to any new learner of piano. Jackie Shorthill Our son has been taking piano lessons from Jeffrey for almost a year now. Jeffrey is dependable, professional, and our son enjoys their lesson time together. We are very pleased with the progress he has made and will continue to make through his lessons with Jeffrey. Gina and Cliff Lascink My two sons, 11 and 13 years old, have been taking piano and guitar lessons from Jeffery for just over a year now.    My husband and I have found him to be highly personable, communicative, and possesses a tremendous amount of patience. My 13 year old son who is learning the guitar is pretty reserved and shy, but Jeffrey’s warm and engaging style really works for him. Seeing both boys grow and learn while taking lessons from Jeffrey has been priceless. My husband and I feel music is important for children and Jeffrey does a great job in finding music that inspires and motivates them to play. Catherine Morgan My son and I feel Brian is an instructor who knows how to play, how to teach other people to play, and has patience, wisdom, and prudence to do his job. Alex A. Previous Next close content main div Get started today and make an appointment with Eliason Music for piano, violin, cello or guitar. Read More View our checklist comparing our studio to others around Portland and why we think you’ll choose Eliason Music. Read More close content main div The Life Changing Complete Instruction Method Caitlyn went through piano lessons with three music teachers around Portland before finding her way to our music school in Portland. She used to love to play the piano but recently practicing had become a chore and she and her parents would argue about practice time When she came in to try one of our music lessons the teacher noticed that Caitlyn did not understand the names of the notes and she could not play her newest pieces on the piano beyond the first few lines. She had a great ear and for years she had learned her songs by listening to them repeatedly and searching for the notes on the piano, all the while not knowing what the names of the notes were. As the pieces grew more complicated she found herself getting lost and her frustrations grew. The teacher wrote out a practice chart for her that included some of her favorite songs, to keep up her interest in practicing and reinforce good posture, and he also wrote out some piano note reading exercises and created a note reading game for her to play at home. After a few weeks Caitlyn began to understand the notes in her pieces and she felt much more relaxed and confident at the piano. In time Caitlyn began to write pieces of music and share them with friends and family. Caitlyn always had talent and a rich inner world of music, however she did not have the tools to express this to the world. Now she loves to play her piano, her talent is being fully developed and practice time is something that is looked forward to in her home. Our music school in Portland is thrilled to share this with you along with other stories. close content main div Another Success Story From Eliason Music When Erin walked into our music school in Portland for lessons seven years ago she was on the brink of quitting music altogether, however she figured she would give it one more try. At the first lesson the teacher noticed three main problems with her technique and wrote out a practice chart to remedy these issues. Within 20 minutes she noticed her violin sound was much improved and realized what she had been missing all these years. She also was working on a piece of music that was beyond her current ability and she had been frustrated as she struggled to make sense of the notes. The teacher found some easier pieces to work with and played examples for her, making sure to find pieces that not only were within her ability level, but that she liked the sound of and would enjoy musically as well. Her new practice plan contained a balance of exercises to improve the Tone and beauty of her sound, easier but enjoyable pieces to grow her skills and confidence, a note reading assignment every day as well as a new advanced piece that was challenging but not too difficult. This violin lesson was a huge turning point for her musically, she was soon able to read and understand all of the notes, create a beautiful sound that her ears enjoy, and express herself in pieces of music that she loved. Erin has now reached the highest levels of violin, playing concertos of the greatest difficult with beauty and precision. Most importantly, however, she enjoys the violin once again and she found her inspiration as a musician. close content main div section close by builder template end builder template close default .container_wrap element Contact 503.293.2390  eliasonmusic@aol.com Sitemap Map Location 2929 SW Multnomah Blvd. STE 101 Portland, OR 97219 Social ####### END FOOTER CONTAINER ####### Opportunities for Music Teachers © 2019 Eliason Music School ####### END SOCKET CONTAINER ####### end main end wrap_all Scroll to top This site is converting visitors into subscribers and customers with OptinMonster - http://optinmonster.com :: Campaign Title: Eliason School Of Music POP UP / OptinMonster 