ARTIST Music Academy - Home Home Lessons The ARTIST Advantage Lessons > Private Lesson Registration Group Classes > White Marsh / Perry Hall Reisterstown / Owings Mills Recreational Adult Piano Classes Home School Registration Lesson Policy & Forms ARTIST Track 2018-19 Lesson Calendar Faculty & Staff Roster Lesson Schedule Login Music Store Events & Awards Student Recitals ARTIST Concert Series Rushmore at Artist ARTIST In Residence Summer Achievement Award Piano Ensemble Team Guitar Workshop Scholarships News & Announcements Academy News Weather Announcements Artist Music Bulletin About Us About Contact Us Photos & Videos Employment Opportunities Lesson Coordinator/Retail Associate Piano Instructor Violin Instructor Employees Only Welcome to Artist Music Academy GROUP CLASS INFORMATION SHOP ARTIST MUSIC CENTER Lessons Last a Lifetime Register for Lessons Lesson Calendar Artist Music Center ​ Upright, Grand, and Digital Pianos Guitars, Music Accessories, Sheet Music Band/Orchestral Sales & Rentals Service, Repairs, & More! Piano Showroom Music Center Home Page Band & Orchestra Instruments Rentals Repairs GIVE THE GIFT ​OF PERFORMANCE STUDENT RECITALS Kindermusik at Artist Music Academy for Infants and Young Children Perry Hall/White Marsh Lutherville/Towson CLICK HERE: SUMMER ACHIEVEMENT CLASSES ​ WE OFFER INSTRUCTION IN: Piano • Voice • Guitar • Bass • Percussion • Violin • Viola • Cello • Flute • Clarinet • • Saxophone • Trumpet • Trombone • Theory • Composition • Song-Writing • and More… Private Lessons for Children (ages 4 and up) & Adults ​• Group Classes for All Ages (infants to seniors) The Artist Music Academy Advantage Unlike most music stores and community music programs, Artist Music Academy requires that its regular teachers have at minimum a bachelors degree in music, and the majority of our teachers have, or are working on, a Master's degree in music or higher.    Our instructors are well-qualified to teach technique and musical fundamentals correctly from the start, and work successfully with students who have developed poor technique through self-instruction or from an insufficiently trained teacher. With larger-than-average teaching rooms and grand pianos for our piano students, our facilities are designed to support our quality instruction. We also maintain membership in multiple professional organizations that give our students access to outside performance and evaluative events. And yet, we still strive to bring enjoyment to the student and are careful to select a course of study geared toward the individual’s needs. click the "+" for more • fantastic teachers • Not every music school has properly trained teachers, but at Artist Music, our faculty all have degrees in the fields they teach in.  That means that you won't be taking piano lessons with a guitar teacher, or cello lessons with a violin teacher.  Our instructors teach in the field that they received their degrees in, which means that you get trained the correct way, right from the beginning! • Avoid learning bad habits - Study with a qualified teacher from the start! • Note from Director Dr. Jarl Hulbert: "My two instruments as a child were piano and cello. Piano turned out great, but unfortunately, I was signed up for private cello lessons with a violin teacher. When I reached college and started lessons there, I discovered just how damaging that was - my position, bow hold, vibrato, and other techniques were all violin techniques that were keeping me from reaching my full potential. By that time, they were ingrained and quite difficult to change. To keep that from happening to others, we've vowed at Artist Music Academy that every student will be taught correctly from the start!"  • Recital/Performance Opportunities • In order to make the best musical progress possible, it is important for students to have performance opportunities. In addition two two large annual recitals, Artist Music Academy gives students a variety of opportunities to perform in public and in front of their fellow students. In addition, students at Artist Music Academy receive awards at our recitals for practice, progress, and other achievements! • Professional Associations • Many Artist Music Academy teachers are members of outside organizations that offer additional opportunities and benefits for students. Organizations like the Music Teachers Association and Trinity College of London, which have testing programs, competitions, and recitals.  And organizations like the National Piano Guild, which conducts annual evaluations of registered students. • Quality Teaching Instruments • For proper education, appropriate instruments are absolutely necessary!  And the better the instruments, the better the education (and experience!) of the student.  At Artist Music Academy, all of our private piano lessons take place on newer model grand pianos, which maximizes the students' ability to progress. While our guitar, wind, and string students don't need the most expensive instruments, our instructors will help guide them to an appropriate instrument. And for your convenience, we have teacher-approved instruments for sale at our music shop (discounted for students - usually below online prices).​ Note from Director Dr. Jarl Hulbert: "During my year of piano study at the State Music Academy in Vienna, Austria, I was told early on that I was to practice only on a grand piano. The reason is that the internal action (and therefore the tone production) is different from an upright piano, and extremely different from a digital (electric) piano. Not everyone can have a grand piano in their home, but we can make sure that students have access in their piano lessons to the full range of tonal expression offered by a grand piano."  • Distinctive Facilities • Unlike many music schools and music stores, Artist Music Academy prioritizes the comfort of the student and the general lesson experience.  Our over-sized lesson rooms allow plenty of space for teacher-student interaction, and even for parents or other members of the student's family to sit in the lesson.  For parents not wanting to sit in the lesson, our full French doors and/or lesson room windows allow the lessons to be observed from the hallway.  If you haven't visited our facilities, be sure to stop by and see for yourself! MUSIC INSTRUCTION Positive Effects “ CHILDREN ENROLLED IN MUSIC LESSONS SHOW STATISTICALLY HIGHER INTELLIGENCE QUOTIENTS." "Music Lessons Enhance IQ", Psychological Science , Vol. 15, No. 8, 2004 “YOUNG CHILDREN ENROLLED IN A YEAR OF MUSICAL TRAINING SHOWED BRAIN CHANGES AND SUPERIOR MEMORY TO CHILDREN WITHOUT MUSIC INSTRUCTION.” Brain, A Journal of Neurology , Oxford University Press, Sept. 2006 ARTIST MUSIC ACADEMY Featured Lessons Sign Up Today: Group Piano | Group Guitar  | Group Violin | Acting/Musical Theater starting at $18.75 per class (plus $30 registration fee) CLICK FOR MORE INFORMATION ​ ​ARTIST TRACK LESSON PROGRAM FOR ​SERIOUS STUDENTS LEARN MORE INSTRUCTORS & STAFF Music instruction is the gift that keeps on giving! Studies show that music instruction has a positive effect on the mind and emotions of both children and adults. Great instructors and staff are essential in the process! View Instructors & Staff WHAT WE OFFER Private, Semi-Private, and Group Lessons available. Semi-Annual Recitals and Outside Evaluations, Events, and Performances.  Also, Certain Lessons Are Available for College Credit. Register for Lessons ACADEMY LOCATIONS We have 3 locations available for lessons: Reisterstown/Owings Mills, Perry Hall/White Marsh, and Lutherville/Towson. Musical instruments for sale and rent, sheet music and accessories are also available through the Artist Music Center shops in Reisterstown and White Marsh. View Locations Musical Instruments           Acoustic & Digital Pianos           Acoustic & Electric Guitars           Band & Orchestral Music Lessons           ARTIST Music Academy           Online Registration            Lesson Calendar           ARTIST Track Program Events and Recitals           Student Recitals           ARTIST Concert Series           Newsletter           Room/Venue Rentals Employment           Employment Opportunities           Employees Only            • DIRECTIONS & HOURS •                              • WEATHER ANNOUNCEMENTS • Begin Constant Contact Inline Form Code End Constant Contact Inline Form Code end footer-wrap /.wrapper Home Lessons The ARTIST Advantage Lessons > Private Lesson Registration Group Classes > White Marsh / Perry Hall Reisterstown / Owings Mills Recreational Adult Piano Classes Home School Registration Lesson Policy & Forms ARTIST Track 2018-19 Lesson Calendar Faculty & Staff Roster Lesson Schedule Login Music Store Events & Awards Student Recitals ARTIST Concert Series Rushmore at Artist ARTIST In Residence Summer Achievement Award Piano Ensemble Team Guitar Workshop Scholarships News & Announcements Academy News Weather Announcements Artist Music Bulletin About Us About Contact Us Photos & Videos Employment Opportunities Lesson Coordinator/Retail Associate Piano Instructor Violin Instructor Employees Only Begin Constant Contact Active Forms End Constant Contact Active Forms Stripe Tag End Stripe tag 