Native American Flutes and Flute Accessories available from flutesonline.com   Native American Flutes Welcome to our Flute Store a family business for 38 years We are a "Mom & Pop" store so either my wife or I will answer your emails,  fulfill your orders, maintain the website, review the products, etc. If you need help in choosing a Flute, click here.   To hear what my customers say about these Flutes, click here. Native American Flutes Native American Flute Information Song Books for  Flutes  Instructional DVDs,  for Native American Flute  Stands and Accessories  Piano Hymn Arrangements Bags for Native American Flutes FAQ Specials and closeouts Newsletter Photo Gallery Free Stuff Customers say Site Map end left index begin regular stuff   flutesonline.com ,    LLC            Walt Laforet , PO Box 222, Chalfont, PA 18914 DVD TABLE    Enter the Native American Flute Store   | FAQ on Flutes | Fingering Charts, Sound Clips and More |  My Customers Say | Newsletter Signup |  | Site Map | Photo Gallery | My Guarantee | Misc. Information | Flute Links | email Me walt@flutesonline.com |    "The aim and final reason of all music is nothing other than the glorification of God and the refreshment of the spirit . . ."     J. S. Bach      Insert Headers for sales and christmas end sale header     Click to see details First time flute buyer, click here.   To see and hear all our excellent Flutes click here Professional / Concert  Quality Flutes by High Spirits Professional / Concert  Quality Flutes by Stellar Flutes Authentic Hand Made Native American Flutes by Jonah Thompson     432 Hz Earth Tone Flutes  by High Spirits   Have a question about Native American Flutes?  You are not alone.  See our  FAQ Page. Stands and other accessories Specials  and Sale Items   Row 2     Native American Flute Song Books Also available in  PDF Files, no shipping charge Beginner and Advanced Flute Starter Packages Piano Hymn Arrangements and Christmas Songs         Bags for  Native American Flutes FREE Piano Music BBB seal Instructional DVDs and CDs    Subscribe to our newsletter Free Bible Story Book for Young Children td></TD Row 3 International Orders   must use my eBay store.   The link for  international orders is:    stores.ebay.com/flutesonline If a man dies,  shall he  live again?        Classic Christian Book Links and Resources for  Teaching Our Children If you are uncomfortable with ordering online or if you have any issues with the shopping cart just  send me an email with what you want to order and we can bypass that step and I will give it my personal attention.  My email address is: walt@flutesonline.com All materials and contents on this and subsequent like pages are  copyrighted ©  by flutesonline.com, LLC & Walt LaForet.  Prices & availability are subject to change. We strive to be as accurate as possible but prices and information  contained within this website are subject to errors and omissions.          This Web Site was designed and is maintained by Walt LaForet, flutesonline.com   