Ellsounds logo

MUSIC TO MAKE YOUR SPIRIT AND YOUR PRODUCTIONS SOAR!
Home

music

videos

 

what's new

info@ellsounds.com

Ells in Ellstudio 

Ellsworth is a versatile award-winning composer creating soundtracks in a variety of styles for features, corporate videos, and computer games. He has an extensive background in music theory, music performance, and recording. 

Ellsworth also produces videos, is involved in feature production, and is a songwriter/keyboardist/vocalist with his progressive rock band Aethellis which has had a number of chart topping tracks on Number One Music.

Click here to read complete bio.
Conversations with George Edgar Selby music CD 

(includes the soundtrack to Beside the Manor Selby)

On the Composer's Oeuvre

By Boulevard Denim

His is music in which the emotion conveyed is the emotion of remembered rapture, the beauty, "the surviving beauty of gathered dreams;" seldom the emotion and beauty of that which is actual and present. Mr. Hall is most urgently aroused by such moods of longing and remote enchantment as find jeweled expression in the production of Beside the Manor Selby for which he has written unforgetable music (not to mention directing and writing the epic).

At times his habit of artistic  speech tempt him to such outbursts of passionate lament as fill the movements of his Piano Concerto No.1 with so insupportable a poignancy. There is the driving rhythmic asymmetry of the opening movement; the decorative flourishes surrounding the resurfacing primary theme in the second;  the modal and jazzy harmonies of the third; and the adroit use of fortspinnung (along with recapitulations of a leitmotif from the second movement) in the fourth.




UPDATED 2/19/2019 - 

Golden Era Games' GRIMOIRE: HERALDS OF THE WINGED EXEMPLAR Soundtrack

Ellsworth Hall completed the overhaul of the music from the role playing game Grimoire: Heralds of the Winged Exemplar. Taking the original MIDI files and reorchestrating them to audio files using conventional orchestral instruments late in 2017. Now that V.2 of Grimoire is out the music will be offered soon this year as the Grimoire soundtrack. The soundtrack is scheduled to be released after the Grimoire manual. Samples can be heard below.

Ellsworth composed the MIDI music soundtrack for the RPG Grimoire: Heralds of the Winged Exemplar back in the late 1990s. There were some format tweaks done in the early 2000s. The game was released August 4th, 2017 for the Steam game platform. Grimoire is going mass market shortly and is planned to be up on 17 different digital distribution sites in the coming months of  2019.





Music Libraries

Ellsworth continues to mix and master lots of material for music libraries, one of which is Amurco, based in the UK.

Poetry of the Air 

A new book on the inspiration for influential musicians has been released.

Poetry of the Air: A Collection of Love Letters to Music from Musicians 
by Gary Hill

The book features interviews with composer Ellsworth Hall along with Jon Anderson, Steve Hackett, Rick Wakeman, Jeff Berlin, Larry Fast, Jordan Rudess and many more!


Melodic Revolution Records artist Ellsworth Hall received the 2014 Outstanding Music Award from ZED FEST

Ellsworth received the award for his music for the short film, Love and Other Devices (written and directed by Elle Stanion). He also created sound effects for the production which is winning many other awards at various festivals including:

Best International Film - Canberra Film Festival
Best Short - Brigand Shorts Denver Film Festival
Outstanding Sci-Fi Short - Zed Film Festival

The film has also currently received 5 nominations from the London International Film Festival


Melodic Revolution Records artist Ellsworth Hall received Semi-Finalist placement in VH1 2014 Song of the Year Contest

Ellsworth composed the song "In Grief Unbound" (from his solo CD Conversations with George Edgar Selby and the soundtrack to the movie Beside the Manor Selby). The song was awarded Semi-Finalist placement in the Song of the Year Contest. The 'Semi-Finalist' placement is the highest placement next only to the one winner and four finalists from each category.

Also, Ellsworth and Mark Van Natta received Runner Up Award from the 2014 Song of the Year Contest for "Believe In Somebody," originally written and recorded in 1987. It will appear on the new Aethellis EP due out in the fall.

 John M. E. Hasslinger	IN MEMORIAM:  Ellsworth's piano teacher of 12 years, John M.E. Hasslinger passed away on December 30, of 2015. Ellsworth knew he'd not been well and made sure he got a copy of the Selby CD which has a piano concerto dedicated to him. 

The John M.E. Hasslinger Memorial Page





Copyright 2019 Ellsworth R. Hall/Ellsounds 