Home - Coastal Concerts Home About Us Message From The President History Mission Statement Photo Gallery Buy Tickets Buy Tickets Refund and Cancellation Policy Donations and Sponsorships Newsletters Newsletter Signup Current Newsletters Past Newsletters Supporters and Advertisers Coastal Concerts Supporters Advertisers Buy Advertising Space Outreach Programs Scholarship Guidelines Scholarship Winners Instrument Donations School Concerts & Outreach Programs Free Youth Admission Past Concerts Performance Insights Press Get Involved How To Get Involved Volunteer Needs Volunteer Form Suggestion Box Contact Us 2019-20 Concert Series Brasil Guitar Duo October 19, 2019 @ 7:00 pm The welcome return of award-winning favorites Benjamin Hochman, Piano November 16, 2019 @ 2:00 pm Pre-Concert Discussion at 1 PM with Lani Spahr New York Times says "Classical Music doesn't get any better than this" Tom Gallant, Oboe and Tesla String Quartet January 18, 2020 @ 2:00 pm Pre-Concert Discussion at 1 PM with Lani Spahr In a special collaboration with Tom Gallant, the Quartet gives us a performance filled with technical mastery, charm, and wit Trio Valtorna February 15, 2020 @ 2:00 pm Pre-Concert Discussion at 1 PM with Lani Spahr Extraordinary performers give the French horn its due! Andrew Garland, Baritone with Warren Jones, Piano March 14, 2020 @ 7:00 pm Vocal allure and dramatic flair combine in "Songs of Travel" Tessa Lark and Michael Thurber April 18, 2020 @ 8:00 pm WILDCARD Concert Reduced Admission Pre-Concert Talk at 6:30 PM Violin-bass duo brings a high energy performance, and a welcoming stage presence with audience interaction Home 2019 Performers retain the right to modify the music selections noted on our website and/or in Coastal Concert’s Program Booklet. PARKING FOR THE CONCERTS There are several different parking options. First, there is street parking; three spots are designated for handicap. There is a small lot on 4th & Market Streets and a larger lot on 4th & Chestnut Streets. Additional parking can also be found just a block away in the Nursing School parking lot. From there, it's just a short walk to Bethel United Methodist Church's Fellowship Hall. Thanks to Beebe Healthcare for being a good neighbor!   Click here for map on additional parking.   Refund and Cancellation Policy Purchase Single Tickets Purchase Early Bird Subscription Tickets before September 15th and save! Concerts performed at:  Bethel United Methodist Church Hall Fourth & Market Streets Lewes, DE 19958  Connect with us on: This organization is supported, in part, by a grant from the Delaware Division of the Arts , a state agency, in partnership with the National Endowment for the Arts. The Division promotes Delaware arts events on www.DelawareScene.com. Site Developed by: Techno Goober Copyright © Coastal Concerts 2019 Home About Us Message From The President History Mission Statement Photo Gallery Buy Tickets Buy Tickets Refund and Cancellation Policy Donations and Sponsorships Newsletters Newsletter Signup Current Newsletters Past Newsletters Supporters and Advertisers Coastal Concerts Supporters Advertisers Buy Advertising Space Outreach Programs Scholarship Guidelines Scholarship Winners Instrument Donations School Concerts & Outreach Programs Free Youth Admission Past Concerts Performance Insights Press Get Involved How To Get Involved Volunteer Needs Volunteer Form Suggestion Box Contact Us 