Featured Content | Chorus America Skip to main content header include Email * Password * Log in Create new account Request new password Advanced Search Search Advanced search Containing any of the words Containing the phrase Containing none of the words Only of the type(s) Article Dialogue Event High Notes Jobs Member News Microsite Microsite Content Microsite Session Page Panel Person Profile Product Display Publications Resource Simple Ad Simple Ad Campaign Webform Advanced search Search Login Join Give Articles Resources High Notes Blog About Us Membership Join or Renew Membership Types and Benefits Member Listservs Help & FAQ Member Directory Programs Upcoming Programs Conference Chorus Management Institute Conducting Programs Online Learning Leadership Development Forum Commission Consortiums Support Chorus America Individual Support Organization and Chorus Support Corporate Support Publications Advertising & Visibility Opportunities Advocacy Awards Jobs Calendar News Contact Us Menu Search Login Join Give Get to Know Us Get Started About Us Mission, Vision, and Values Board of Directors Staff Our Members Contact Us Conference Membership Programs Articles Resources Research & Reports Awards Calendar Jobs end header include The Chorus IMpact Study: Singing for a Lifetime Thanks for a Great ConferencE! 2019 Conducting AcademY Apply Now for the Symposium Track   /#page-header Who We Are Chorus America is a community of colleagues who care about choral music and the choral field. What We Do We make choruses stronger by providing the tools, training, and professional development opportunities they need. Why We Do It We believe that singing together transforms communities. Become a Member Connect with colleagues who care about choral music and each other. Become a Member Learn with tools and resources that make your job easier. Become a Member Promote your chorus and the entire choral field. Already a Member? Login Featured Content Singing a New Song: The Power of Commission Consortiums One of the most important ways to encourage the health of choral music is for choruses to become involved in the process of commissioning and premiering new works. Chorus America has been... read more EXIGENCE: A Vision Unfolding Expanding its work around issues of equity and inclusion in classical music, the Sphinx Organization has launched EXIGENCE, a new professional vocal ensemble made up of singers of color. What were... read more Making the First Hire Hiring your chorus’s first employee is an important step. Here’s how to make sure you get it right. read more Cause for Celebration: Why Choruses See Major Anniversaries as Major Opportunities North American choruses are anticipating a wave of major anniversaries in the coming years, and their leaders are hard at work preparing to mark the occasions. The most thoughtful celebrations honor... read more How Can Volunteer Choruses Navigate Re-Auditions Smoothly? Asking your chorus members to re-audition may be the single greatest test of the notion that choruses can create outstanding art and at the same time create meaningful community. Artistic leaders,... read more Priced Out of the Market Churches are the traditional performance venue of choice for many choral music organizations. But as rental costs rise and competition for event space becomes tighter, choruses are feeling the... read more Get News Please enter your email * Subscribe footer include Follow Chorus America on Twitter Join Chorus America on Facebook View Chorus America's channel on Youtube ©2012-2019, Chorus America. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy Terms of Use end footer include 