Wedding Band Surrey – Beats Working Skip to content Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Soundcloud Whatsapp Envelope Home About Video Audio Gallery Playlist Testimonials FAQ Contact Us Menu Home About Video Audio Gallery Playlist Testimonials FAQ Contact Us Party and Wedding Band Surrey Beats Working Watch Video About The Band A 4-piece party and wedding band from Surrey and Hampshire, Beats Working feature some of the finest musicians around. The current band members are all full time professional players and have been performing together for over 14 years. As a party and live wedding band from Surrey they play a stunning range of great covers. These carefully selected tracks span many different styles and genres and are taken from across the decades. All designed to get you and your guests up and dancing. The band have performed at receptions, corporate events, charity balls, galas and private functions all over the local area. Beats Working are a wonderful choice if you want to hire a band who are really exciting and can really be the main focus of your evening’s entertainment. They are used to performing to the highest of standards, regulars at some of the best venues across London, Surrey, Hampshire, Sussex, Berkshire, Wiltshire, Dorset and Somerset. The group have performed at many of the country’s best wedding venues. You’ll always find the band in constant local demand too, with private and occasional public functions in the Guildford, Godalming, Farnham, Aldershot, Fleet, Haslemere and Liphook area. They are also very popular in party and wedding venues spread across the South Coast from Brighton to Chichester, Portsmouth to Southampton or from Poole to Bournemouth.  OUR MUSIC If you want to hire a wedding band who covers just about everything while avoiding becoming cheesy, then hire Beats Working! There’s songs from Motown to rock, from indie anthems to today’s pop and dance floor classics. Music from the 60’s right into 00’s and beyond. The band are always happy to discuss your event and tailor their playlist towards your audience’s taste too, so no need to feel left out, you’ll be involved all the way through. The group provide brilliantly entertaining, yet authentic cover renditions, that are still infused with their own style. A compact 4-piece – great if you wish to hire a band who can easily accommodate different venues, spaces and audience sizes. If you want to hire a band who deliver a really big sound whilst taking up only a modest footprint – Beats Working are definitely a great choice. Night after night they give their all to ensure wonderful evenings of unforgettable live music entertainment. OUR MEMBERS The band was originally formed at  Opus Recording Studios  in Grayshott, just on the Surrey and Hampshire borders. Beats Working have gone on to be one of the finest party and wedding bands in Surrey and Hampshire, if not the UK. The members have had international touring and Top 10 experience and have worked with the likes of Sinead O’Connor, Ms Dynamite, Basement Jaxx, Mike Rutherford, Bruce Dickinson, Mark Knopfler, Alvin Stardust, Cliff Richard, Edwin Starr, Radio 1, Radio 2, BBC 6 Music and Kiss FM, to name but a few.The band’s past clients have included household names such as Microsoft, Kingston Technology, Econocom , Roche, Harvey Nichols, The Team, Fat Face, and The BBC Book Now Great Live Music A great option for those entertaining guests of all ages, styles and tastes. Beats Working's eclectic set list always has everyone up and dancing. First Class Service From your initial enquiry about booking the band to helping you choose a first dance and then delivering a great show, Beats Working have it all covered Experienced Musicians The band's consummate professionalism have made them the go-to live band for many events organisers and wedding planners. Watch our videos Wedding Band in Guildford Play Rolling In The Deep Play Wedding Video Play Mr Brightside Play Superstition Play Locked Out of Heaven Play Sex On Fire Play Showreel Play Ain't No Sunshine Previous Next Book Now Listen To The Band Band for Hire in Surrey Worried About Ray Sledgehammer Locked Out of Heaven Rolling In The Deep Pompeii Message In A Bottle Naiive Lovely Day Superstition (extended) Mr Brightside Sex On Fire Ain't No Sunshine Book Now Our Playlist Wedding Band Surrey Key Info Details Extra Services Key Info Based:   Surrey, Hampshire, London Guide Price:   £1250 inclusive of basic travel  Standard Timings:  6pm set up – 12 midnight finish. Performance Times : 3 x 45 min or 2 x 60 min sets Music Between Sets: Provided. Genre:  Rock, Pop, Funk, Indie, Soul Vocals:  Male Line-Up:   Guitar, Bass, Keys, Drums Details Pre-mixed Music Provided:    Bespoke iPod to cover all breaks PA and Lighting:  Included in the price. PLI Insurance and PAT Cert:  Yes. £10 Million Cover Performance Requests:  First dance or a special request learned Basic Band Rider:  Soft drinks and a hot meal to be provided Extra Services Early Set Up: Available before 6pm from £200 Extra Band Sets: Available from £400 Additional Brass Section : Available from £500 Reception Music: Acoustic sets available from £300 Example 1st Set x 45 min Your First Dance Valerie – Amy Winehouse Happy – Pharrell Williams Shape of You – Ed Sheeran Love Cats – The Cure I Saw Her Standing There – The Beatles I Feel Good – James Brown Sir Duke – Stevie Wonder Alright – Supergrass Dancing in the Moonlight – Toploader It Must Be Love -Madness Lovely Day – Bill Withers Example 2nd Set x 45 min Don’t Stop Believing – Journey Moves Like Jagger – Maroon 5 Counting Stars – One Republic Locked Out of Heaven – Bruno Marrs Addicted To Love – Robert Palmer Call Me Al – Paul Simon Sledgehammer – Peter Gabriel Let’s Dance – David Bowie Superstition – Stevie Wonder All The Small Things – Blink 182 Town Called Malice – The Jam Sing – Ed Sheeran Example 3rd Set x 45 min Are You Gonna Be My Girl – Jet Day Tripper – The Beatles I Believe in a Thing Called Love – The Darkness Summer of 69 – Bryan Adams Uptown Funk – Mark Ronson Get Lucky – Daft Punk Billie Jean – Michael Jackson Bet You Look Good – Artic Monkeys Don’t Look Back In Anger – Oasis You Got The Love – Florence and The Machine Mr Brightside – Killers Sex on Fire – Kings of Leon Songs from 60 -70's Al Green – Let’s Stay Together Beatles – Saw Her Standing There Beatles – Hard Day’s Night Beatles- Day Tripper Bill Withers – Lovely Day Bill Withers – Ain’t No Sunshine Chuck Berry – Johnny B Goode Commodores – Easy Like Sunday Morning Curtis Mayfield – Move On Up Doobie Brothers – Long Train Running Dolly Parton – 9 to 5 Elvis Presley – Little Less Conversation Elvis Presley – Burning Love Frankie Valli – Can’t Take My Eyes Off Of You James Brown – I Feel Good Lynrd Skynrd – Sweet Home Alabama Marvin Gaye – Grapevine Monkeys – I’m a Believer Rolling Stones – Brown Sugar Songs from 80's Bryan Adams – Summer of 69 Bon Jovi – You Give Love A Bad Name Bon Jovi – Living on a Prayer The Clash – Rock The Casbah The Cure – Friday I’m in Love The Cure – Just Like Heaven The Cure – Love Cats David Bowie – Let’s Dance Duran Duran – Hungry Like The Wolf Huey Lewis – Power of Love Jam – Town Called Malice Journey – Don’t Stop Believing Madness – Must Be Love Michael Jackson – Beat It Michael Jackson – Billy Jean Paul Simon – Call Me Al Peter Gabriel – Sledgehammer Police – Message in a Bottle Police – Roxanne Prince – 1999 Queen – Crazy Little Thing Called Love Robert Palmer – Addicted to Love Van Halen – Jump Songs from 90's Counting Crows – Mr Jones Foo Fighters – Everlong Foo Fighters – Learn to Fly Goo Goo Dolls – Iris Oasis – Don’t Look Back in Anger Oasis – Wonder Wall Ocean Colour Scene – Day We Caught The Train Ocean Colour Scene – Day Tripper (Beatles) Paul Weller – You Do Something To Me Reef – Place Your Hands Robbie Willams – Angels Robbie Willams – Let Me Entertain You Santana – Smooth Supergrass – Alright Toploader – Dancing in the Moonlight Tom Jones – Sex Bomb Wannadies – You and Me Songs from 00's A_J Adele – Rolling in the Deep Aloe Blaac – I Need A Dollar Amy Winehouse – Rehab Amy Winehouse – Valerie Arctic Monkeys – Dancefloor Bastille – Pompeii Blink 182 – All the Small Things Bruno Mars – Locked Out of Heaven Coldplay – Fix You Coldplay – Yellow Daft Punk – Get Lucky The Darkness – I Believe in a Thing Called Love DNCE – Cake By The Ocean Ed Sheeran – Sing Ed Sheeran – Thinking Out Loud Ed Sheeran – Shape Of You Emili Sande – Next to You Florence & The Machine – You Got the Love Fun – We Are Young George Ezra – Blame It on Me Gotye – Somebody I Used to Know Hoosiers – Worried About Ray Jason Mraz – I Won’t Give Up On Love Jason Mraz – I’m Yours Jett – Are You Gonna B My Girl Jimmy Eat World – The Middle Songs from 00's J-Z Jason Mraz – I Won’t Give Up On Love Jason Mraz – I’m Yours Jett – Are You Gonna B My Girl Jimmy Eat World – The Middle Kaiser Chiefs – I Predict a Riot Kaiser Chiefs – Ruby Katie Perry – Firework Killers – Mr Brightside Kings of Leon – Sex on Fire Kooks – Naive Lumineers – Ho Hey Mark Ronson – Uptown Funk Maroon 5 – Moves Like Jagger Maroon 5 – This Love Mumford and Sons – Little Lion Man One Republic – Counting Stars Pharrell Williams – Happy Scouting for Girls – Heartbeat Snow Patrol – Chasing Cars Take That – Rule the World Take That – Greatest Day Train – Hey Soul Sister SERVICES Wedding Band Surrey Weddings A great option for those with a guest list of mixed ages, styles and tastes - Beats Working's eclectic set list will have everyone up and flocking to the dance floor! Parties The perfect party band! Beats Working really know how to get all your guests in the mood for a good time. Corporate Events Peerless professionalism and experience at the peak of the industry make Beats Working the go-to live band for corporate event organisers across the country. Book Now Standard Package The Best Wedding Party Band in Surrey Professional band with an awesome live show.  3 x 45 minutes sets of live music Professional PA system Compact stage and dance floor lighting included First dance or a special request performed Bespoke  iPod playlist to cover all breaks Excellent repertoire of classic and modern songs PAT certified equipment Public Liability Insurance  Personal booking and service throughout the process BOOK NOW TESTIMONIALS Hire A Band in Guildford or Farnham Just wanted to email to say thanks again for playing at our wedding. I’m sure we relayed how thankful we were on the night in our drunken states but just wanted to say it again!   The guys were absolutely awesome and we got so much positive feedback from all our guests saying how amazing they were – I think the amount of people on the dance floor all night and the calls for more songs at the end  were evidence of that!   We wouldn’t hesitate in recommending you to friends. You really created the party atmosphere we were hoping for and we loved it all – so thanks again for an unforgettable wedding.   Jennifer Campbell Gate Street Barn | Bramley | Surrey As anticipated the guys were brilliant and it was universally accepted that they were the perfect band for this festival. Thanks so much to the agency for finding us exactly the right act. You can always tell a great band by how many people they get ‘on the floor’. I noted that the DJ, who was playing pretty decent music, had about 10 or so people dancing, but when the guys started there was a stampede!  We would love them to play again next year… Jason Moore Chiltsfest | Liphook | Hampshire I’m just back from our mini-honeymoon and wanted to say thanks so much for playing at the wedding. The feedback has been pretty unanimous – everyone thought the band was incredible! They played some real classics and with a fairly well-educated audience, they definitely appreciated not only the brilliant sound but their technical prowess too! Thanks so much for being a key part of what turned out to be a perfect wedding day. I hear that the photographer has put another couple in touch with Beats Working after the wedding, so I hope you’ll be coming down to Huntsham/Devon on a regular basis! Philip Miller Huntsham Court | Exeter | Devon, I can’t thank the band enough!! Patrick and Livia, our newlyweds, were so pleased with the band’s performance at their wedding reception. The band played brilliantly with a great choice of songs and they had all the guests up and dancing from the very first track. We would recommend Beats Working for any function or reception party. A friendly band and very accommodating too. I would definitely have them play for us again in the future. Thank you Beats Working!” Linda Kilbride Exeter | Somerset | 2017 Read more testimonials here... Book Now OUR CLIENTS Party Band Surrey And Hampshire Beats Working have had the great honour of playing at so many wonderful events over the years.  Below is a sample of some of our corporate clients, as well as a selection of the venues we have performed at. Contact Us Call Tim Benson 07939271545 Call Now Name Email Contact Number Event Date Venue name Venue postcode Message GDPR Compliance I agree to be contacted directly by Beats Working. This info will not be shared with any 3rd parties. Submit Facebook Twitter Soundcloud Youtube Envelope Terms and Conditions | Privacy Policy © [2018] Hand Picked Bands [if IE]><script type='text/javascript' src='//www.beats-working.co.uk/wp-content/cache/wpfc-minified/mjkjec6w/84v9b.js'></script><![endif] [if IE]><script>flexibility(document.documentElement);</script><![endif] [if lt IE 9]><script>document.createElement('audio');</script><![endif] 