The Devon Baroque Orchestra Home Concerts Concert Diary Concert Reviews Past Concerts 2010 to Present Past Concerts 2000 – 2009 The Orchestra Andrew Wilson-Dickson Persephone Gibbs Community Engagement Workshops Galleries Players Gallery Picture Gallery Support Links Contact Devon Baroque Devon Baroque is the principal orchestra in the South West specialising in baroque and early classical music played on period instruments and in appropriate style. The Orchestra’s Leader and Artistic Director is Persephone Gibbs Persephone has been leading the orchestra with style and panache for the last two years. Born in the USA, she studied at Juilliard and gained degrees in English and law before moving to London to study at the Guildhall School of Music. Hailed as a ‘rising star of the baroque violin’, Persephone is leader, soloist and occasional director of the Brandenburg Baroque Soloists and Charivari Agréable and is guest leader with Florilegium and the Feinstein Ensemble. Her recent featured appearances include the Globe Theatre’s production of L’Ormindo and the Glorious Georges festival at Kensington Palace. Persephone is a member of the Academy of Ancient Music, the Orchestra of the Age of Enlightenment and the Gabrieli Consort and regularly presents gigs with her chamber group Gut Instinct. Read more The Director of Devon Baroque is Andrew Wilson-Dickson Andrew trained as a pianist and organist (with John Lill and Nicholas Danby) at Cambridge and York Universities while maintaining a strong interest in composition. On these instruments and on harpsichord he has performed and recorded widely, from the UK to Ireland to Croatia, France and Germany. Since moving to Cardiff he founded the Welsh Baroque Orchestra which brings period instrument playing to Wales, alongside the Welsh Camerata choir which specialises in early repertoire. On retirement from teaching at the Royal Welsh College of Music and Drama he pursues active careers in playing, conducting and composing. Read more Concert Diary Players Gallery Support Devon Baroque Orchestra The Orchestra Andrew Wilson-Dickson Persephone Gibbs Players Gallery Picture Gallery Concerts Concert Diary Concert Reviews Past Concerts 2010 to Present Past Concerts 2000 – 2009 Community Engagement Copyright © 2019 · Site by Design 22 ngg_resource_manager_marker 