Home Home Bio Performance Calendar Reviews CD Reviews Ireland Pics! Video Music Store Contact Us House Concerts Carroll Brown Music Carroll Brown Music Home Bio Performance Calendar Reviews CD Reviews Ireland Pics! Video Music Store Contact Us House Concerts The West & South of Ireland Tour for 2019 info is now available! The dates will be September 9-19, 2019 Join our mailing list When you join Carroll's mailing list, you'll be notified when he will be performing in your area ... AND YOU'LL RECEIVE A FREE MUSIC TRACK (MP3) FROM HIS MOST RECENT CD! Sign up I'm glad you dropped by. My name is Carroll Brown and I've made my living performing popular and original acoustic music since 1974. For those who don't know me, my musical talents have been described as very good and my shows and recordings are lively and entertaining and contain songs and stories of real people and events. I play a good guitar, write a decent song and sing on pitch. My recordings are professionally recorded and seldom disappoint the buyer. For those of you who know me, thanks for dropping by, as well. Let me know if you don't find what you need here. I hope to see you again (or get a chance to meet you) soon. Much of my work is performed solo in Irish music venues and special events throughout the American southeast. These events are filled with a variety of patrons from college kids to the more mature music fans. I hail from and live today on our family farm in rural Kershaw County, South Carolina. As a pro musician, myself and my several bands are based in Charleston, SC. We play a variety of festivals and other events, many Irish and Celtic shows and also do a mixture of various folk and country music. All our shows are made up of whatever mixture of regional and popular favorites is called for. We don't play with any electronic side equipment and don't crack up any guitars in the show, but many listeners and other musicians go out of their way to come back again and bring music loving friends and other musicians to hear what we do. This is part of what motivates me to continue what has made my living since 1974. Other information about my performances, traveling (including Ireland and Scotland) and recordings can be found on this website. For now, I'll just say THANKS FOR YOUR SUPPORT. I'm glad you found me here and I hope to see you sometime soon! All The Best, Carroll Welcome 