Back Bay Ringers About BBR Directors Musicians Instruments Events Upcoming Events Boston Handbell Festival Performance History News Letters from the Director Subscribe to Our Mailing List Shop Contact Hire Audition Links Support Join Email List About BBR Directors Musicians Instruments Events Upcoming Events Boston Handbell Festival Performance History News Letters from the Director Subscribe to Our Mailing List Shop Contact Hire Audition Links Support Promoting excellence in handbell artistry through performance, education, and community. Tickets are now on sale for our Spring Season of Giving Back! We will be celebrating our 15th Anniversary Season with a special alumni concert. All proceeds raised this season will benefit the important work of Stop Handgun Violence, a non-profit based in Beverly. We also hope you’ll join us for the Boston Handbell Festival on Tuesday, May 21st. See our Events page for details.   New Videos Released You can find earlier videos on our YouTube channel . Thanks for a Great 2018 Spring Concert Season   Thank you to everyone who supported the Boston Living Center  at our 2018 spring concerts. We are so proud have presenting a check for $2,200 to the organization! We could not have had such a successful donation without the support of our amazing audiences.     Past News BBR Played the Boston Pops   The Back Bay Ringers were selected as a guest artist to play with the Boston Pops at their Holiday Gala on December 7, 2016! This was a wonderful experience!   BBR on NECN   BBR was featured Thursday, November 24, 2016 during the 9pm NECN broadcast. See the video clip for highlights from BBR’s holiday concert, “An English Christmas” and an interview with Artistic Director Griff Gall. NECN’s Jackie Bruno even got a handbell lesson from BBR musician Greg Urban.   Back Bay Ringers Perform at the 2016 National Handbell Seminar     The ensemble performed a solo concert at Handbell Musicians of America National Seminar in Rochester, NY in July. It was a great honor to be invited, and we were delighted to present our “Art of Handbell Ringing” program for the wonderful musicians gathered there!     BBR Recordings "Promoting excellence in handbell artistry through performance, education, and community." Recent News BBR heads into the holidays BBR Raising Awareness in the Fight against Gun Violence BBR has been busy Stay busy this summer with BBR! Season Wrap Up Recent Tweets The advantage of rehearsing during the day: bells in stained glass light! Wrapping up our annual all day rehearsal!… https://t.co/nnac6dm0Cl 2 years ago Facebook Facebook Twitter Twitter Youtube Youtube © 2018 Back Bay Ringers | All Rights Reserved P.O. Box 990828, Boston, MA 02199 wrapper 