Home - APTTA MAIN NAVIGATION LOGO //LOGO HEAD SEARCH Australasian Piano Tuners and Technicians Association   //HEAD SEARCH Home Find an APTTA tuner About Us/Join APTTA FAQ APTTA Council & Achievements APTTA Conventions APTTA Testimonials APTTA Branches and Members Gallery Contact Us Members Committee Examiners //MAIN NAVIGATION MAIN CONTENT CONTENT_MASS_TOP IN-SAFE-HANDS KNOWLEDGE-COUNTS NOT-JUST-TUNING 689x272rhino Konnichiwa ... Set yourself a calendar reminder for the 21st IAPBT Hamamatsu Tournament to be held in Hamamatsu City on May 25 and 26 2019. For details on content, transportation options, accomodation and more, visit http://www.jpta.org/2019hamamatsu/index.html       It is with much pleasure that we announce our upcoming 18th APTTA Bi-Annual Convention  to be held in Melbourne during October 2019, hosted by the Piano Tuners & Technicians Guild of Victoria Inc. Visit the Conventions page for details ... and to  find out more about 'A Grand Adventure' & Piano Expo // Home Article Aside //Aside The APTTA Story CONTACTING THE APTTA ? Please note that our 'Contact Us' page has been temporarily disabled due to malicious use. You can contact us by sending an email to our committee  This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. .  The home of qualified and responsible professionals since 1984. • The  APTTA  is Australia's foremost source of expertise in piano servicing, technology, knowledge and resources for both our registered members and for you and your piano. Over 300 registered and qualified piano technicians are members of the APTTA and that means by choosing one, you can be confident that the level of services, expertise and integrity are of the highest standard and are governed by the principles of the Association Committee.  • The over-arching mission of the  APTTA  is to promote the highest possible standards of piano service by providing members with opportunities for professional development and by recognizing and improving technical competence through regular practical examinations. Additionally, the APTTA mission statement reaffirms its commitment to you - piano owners and users - and invites you to use the professional services of the association. • Rigorous technical examinations set by the  APTTA  are used to ensure that an ARPT  – Australian Registered Piano Technician – has the credentials and technical skills to competently perform normal and complex piano tuning along with servicing and repairs in a method approved by the Association. We encourage you to choose an ARPT to attend to your piano as unqualified tuners may not offer the accredited, professional surety and dedication to your piano.  APTTA QUALITY - It's not an act, it's expected ... and it means doing it right every time. Read more: The APTTA Story //Article <hr class="divider-vertical" /> Article Aside //Aside Testimonials    Read what people are saying about the APTTA The APTTA is currently gathering testimonials from other customers who have used our services. If you would like to contribute your feedback, please use the contact us form to submit your comments. 'Fantastic service. I couldn't be more pleased' My piano needed some urgent expert attention prior to being used at an important gathering ... I'm so glad I picked qualified Technician. He came out to my house on short notice, assessed the problem, gave me great quote for the repairs and told me how much time he would need to complete the work ... I said it was urgent so he came back the next day to complete the job - perfect ! Greg and Caroline from Nundah, Brisbane. Read more: Testimonials //Article Article Aside //Aside Let's Talk Piano Care   Understanding the accoustic piano ... A well cared for piano is a treasure for life. Here are some tips to assist you in getting not only the best results from your piano, but also minimising the need for servicing. The piano is an investment that will bring enjoyment and a wonderful challenge to you and your family for many years. Pianos like most things have a life span. This can vary from only a few years through to approximately 100 years, largely due to the care of the instrument. For this reason it is important to understand the nature of an acoustic piano. Read more: Let's Talk Piano Care //Article Article Aside //Aside ARPT Qualification   ARPT  is the recognised qualification of an Australasian Registered Piano Technician. ARPT membership was introduced in 2006 and the qualification is only awarded to technicians who have passed a comprehensive assessment of their skills. Any person wishing to join the Association must pass the ARPT examination to gain full membership. The examination consists of four sections: A tuning assessment, good accuracy and stability are required. A practical assessment of regulation and repair skills. An oral assessment of the technician’s understanding of and approach to a range of grand and upright piano problems. A comprehensive written assessment on a wide range  of piano related general knowledge questions. Read more: ARPT Qualification //Article <hr class="divider-vertical" /> //MAIN CONTENT SIDEBAR 1 Australasian Piano Tuners and Technicians Association Main Menu Home Find an APTTA tuner About Us/Join APTTA FAQ APTTA Council & Achievements APTTA Conventions APTTA Testimonials APTTA Branches and Members Gallery Contact Us Trust the professionals Members Committee Examiners Login Remember Me Create an account Forgot your username? Forgot your password? Search Search Search //SIDEBAR 1 NAV HELPER //NAV HELPER FOOTER FOOT NAVIGATION //FOOT NAVIGATION Piano Tuners and Technicians that are registered and qualified. APTTA -  Australasian Piano Tuners and Technicians Association.   Login //FOOTER 