Edmonton Philharmonic Orchestra. We are musicians at play! Edmonton Philharmonic Orchestra We are musicians at play. title Site Navigation [Skip] Home 2019-2020 Concerts Rehearsals Hear us play Music Director Contact us About our members Board of Directors Pictures and Programs More music Supporters Our history Members’ Page Other Community Orchestras and Bands /sitemenu-content /sitemenu sitemenu-container page-top sidebar-container Meet our members This is the orchestra rehearsing an excerpt from Dance of the Tumblers  by Rimsky-Korsakov, former Music Director Murray Vaasjo conducting.   And this is an excerpt from Andrew Lloyd Webber's  Symphonic Reflections , also in rehearsal with Murray.  Who we are We are a community orchestra of about 45 amateur musicians. We rehearse every Monday evening from September to May and give four to eight concerts each season. One of our goals is to perform for people who might not otherwise hear a live orchestral performance. The concerts we give at local hospitals and seniors’ residences support this goal. Another goal is to feature local soloists by performing with them at our May concert. We fund a Kiwanis Music Festival scholarship for this. Over the years, we’ve invited quite a number of emerging musicians as our soloists for this concert. Each of our performances includes classical and popular music. The music covers a wide range: we play symphonies, operettas, waltzes, traditional and modern Christmas selections, and music from shows. Here’s our brochure . The musicians of the Edmonton Philharmonic are committed to providing enjoyable performances for audiences and musicians alike. We are musicians at play. sandvox.ImageElement /sandvox.ImageElement Musicians wanted for the 2018-2019 season We have room in the orchestra for you if you play violin, bass, or viola.   Please contact our Membership Director, Judy, at ljlamothe@shaw.ca,   if you’re interested in joining one of these sections. You may want to come to a rehearsal to see what we’re all about before you decide to join us. We’re also looking for people who are willing to sub for short periods for our regular musicians:  bassoon, French horn, trumpet, trombone,   tuba, percussion, oboe, clarinet,  and  flute .  Make a donation Is the tax man asking for your money? Please consider donating to the Edmonton Philharmonic Society. On the first $200 donated to registered charities annually, taxpaying Albertans are eligible to receive a combined federal/provincial, non-refundable tax credit of 25% of the donation. On amounts over $200, the tax credit increases to 50% of the donated amount.  First-time donors (neither you nor your partner made an allowable donation to a charity since 2007) are eligible for a first-time donor super credit of an additional 25% to a maximum of an additional $1,000. Here’s an example: If you haven’t donated to a charity since 2007, you’re a first-time donor. If you contribute $500 in total this year to charities, on the first $200, you’re eligible for a tax credit at 25% ($50). On the next $300, the tax credit is 50% ($150). There's a 25% credit on the full $500 for being a first-time donor ($125). The total tax credit is $325, so your net cost is $175. We are a registered charitable organization, and we’ll send you an income tax receipt for your donation—but we won’t send stickers, calendars, cards, or requests for more money. When organizations like ours receive at least $1000 in cash donations during the year, the Canadian government contributes an additional portion. So when you’re looking at year-end tax planning, reduce your taxes and support the Edmonton Philharmonic! Cheques can be made out to The Edmonton Philharmonic Society and mailed to 8808 160 Street Edmonton, AB T5R 2H7 Thank you /article-content /article-info /article main-content main content  © Edmonton Philharmonic Orchestra 2015 [Back To Top] page-bottom container specific body type 