The Pat Benatar and Neil Giraldo Fan Club Menu Home Appearances The Fan Club Blog News MEMBERS ONLY Discography/Lyrics Photos/Reviews Band Biographies FAQ About Credits Get in touch TOUR SCHEDULE Click here for the 2019 Tour Dates! VIP packages available for most shows.   Photo ©2017 Maria Hannam, Art by Harold Bottomley   Historical tour information The Romeo and Juliet Project The Romeo and Juliet Project, featuring Pat and Spyder’s music, will be performing readings in Sag Harbor, NY on August 16. Although not reflected on their web site, Pat says they’ll be doing readings the 17th also. It’s free with a suggested donation.  Click here for more information from Guild Hall. Pat & Neil Joining American Idol Pat and Neil are excited to announce they’re joining @AmericanIdol this season for their All-Star Celebrity Duets!  Be sure to watch their episode on Sunday, April 7th at 8:00/7:00c on ABC. RRRT with Sammy Hagar Set your DVRs!  Season 3 of Sammy Hagar’s Rock and Roll Road Trip begins April 8.  He features Pat and Neil on an episode to air May 13 on AXS TV!  There’s a promo video for the season here.  Click here to see if your provider carries it. Pat Benatar to be Honored at the 2018 She Rocks Awards The Women’s International Music Network has announced that Pat Benatar will be honored at the 6th annual She Rocks Awards on Friday, January 26, 2018, during the NAMM Show in Anaheim, CA.  Gearing up for its sixth consecutive year, the She Rocks Awards pays tribute to women who display leadership and stand out within the... We Live for Love DVD (2017) Pat and Spyder have partnered with PledgeMusic to bring you an acoustic collection of your favorite songs. The stripped down biggest hits, include, “Promises in the Dark”, “We Live For Love”, “Love Is A Battlefield”, “Hit me with Your Best Shot” and “We Belong”. Pre-order the new DVD “We Live For Love” on PledgeMusic.  Be... Dancing Through the Wreckage Linda Perry & Kerry Brown’s new record label, We Are Hear, debuts “Dancing Through The Wreckage” performed by 4-time Grammy-award winning artist Pat Benatar, written alongside Linda Perry and Neil Giraldo. The inspiring single accompanies Lysa Heslov’s documentary, Served Like A Girl, which reveals the complexity of homeless female veterans’ lives and identities through a... Acoustic 4-A Cure IV On May 15th, Pat & Spyder performed an acoustic set at the Fillmore Theater in San Francisco along with many other amazing artists!  Songs performed included “We Belong”, “Love is a Battlefield” and the Heartbreaker/Ring of Fire/Don’t Slander Me medley.  More information on the event is here. Photos and videos are on Facebook here.  A few... Fan Club T-Shirts are here! Fan Club T’s are available now!    But that’s not all, we also have fan club wristbands & tattoos! No need to Get Nervous !! Click here to head to the ordering page. Please read that entire page for all necessary details.  And if you’re not a fan club member yet, just join our Facebook group to become one!  ... You can be a VIP “Wow! A VIP pass?  Fun, but pricey.  It’s out of my league.” It is an option, though.  A viable option!  How many of us would have wanted to do this back in the 80’s??!! These folks won’t be touring forever, so planning now is essential!  This is your chance! With a little thought and some discipline, it’s do-able.... Served Like a Girl Pat and Linda Perry are on the sound track for the documentary film “Served Like a Girl”, chronicling the lives of female veterans as they compete for the crown of Ms. Veteran America.  You can find links to social media and watch the teaser here.  Stay tuned for future developments! A quickie Q&A with Pat & Neil   While we were in West Palm Beach, we came armed and ready with a few of your questions!  Pat & Neil were more than willing to answer them….. Any new music coming? Pat expected this question and beat us to the punch!  She doesn’t know the answer.  First, they have to stop touring.  You... Material appearing on the Pat Benatar and Neil Giraldo Fan Club web site is Copyright (©) 1995-2019, Patricia Giraldo, Joe Cross, Maria Hannam and/or the original owner of the material, as applicable, unless otherwise noted. Every attempt has been made to remove inappropriate postings. We have also attempted to identify and credit sources of all other material. If you should notice a missing credit or an improperly credited item, please click here to send an email.. This material is intended solely for the private use of the viewer. Reproduction, redistribution or linking to these materials requires prior authorization. begin visitor maps end visitor maps error: Content is protected !! 