Bollywood Strings UK - Bollywood Strings - Indian String arrangements and Indian violin with Violin Chandru Bollywood Strings UK Bollywood Strings - Indian String arrangements and Indian violin with Violin Chandru     About Us About Bollywood Strings About Violin Chandru Our approach What we do Bollywood String Arrangements Bollywood Violin solo Bollywood Live Performances All Live Performances Bollywood String Quartet Bollywood Strings Academy Bollywood Sheet Music Our Bollywood Strings Sheet Music pages will be ready soon. Licensing and Sampling Our music for licensing and samples pages will be ready soon. Clients / Projects Client examples Nitin Sawhney (Asian / Jazz) Tamasha (Theatre) Life isn’t all Ha Ha Hee Hee (BBC) Pepe Habichuela (Flamenco) Sean Dickson and the High Fidelity-(Rock) All clients Media Music Video Contact September 19, 2018 end .slide-background Bollywood Live Performances Enhance your event with a Bollywood Strings performance...a duet, an ensemble, an orchestra and much … Continue Reading end .slide-excerpt-border end .slide-excerpt end .slide-image end .slide-background Bollywood Violin (Indian Violin) A sure way to a listener's heart - the glisses and ornamentation of a good Bollywood violinist is … Continue Reading end .slide-excerpt-border end .slide-excerpt end .slide-image end .slide-background Bollywood String Arrangements Get the most authentic, luscious Bollywood String arrangements for your project today! … Continue Reading end .slide-excerpt-border end .slide-excerpt end .slide-image end .slide-background Bollywood Strings Academy Learn with the Bollywood Strings Academy...Give your string players the Bollywood edge ~ throw your … Continue Reading end .slide-excerpt-border end .slide-excerpt end .slide-image end .slide-background Bollywood String Quartet Book Violin Chandru and the Bollywood String Quartet for your event! You will never find … Continue Reading end .slide-excerpt-border end .slide-excerpt end .slide-image end ul.slides end .flexslider end #genesis-responsive-slider About Bollywood Strings Learn more about Bollywood Strings UK, our vision and mission. Read More >> About Violin Chandru Learn more about our director, Violin Chandru, violinist, composer and string arranger . Read More >> String Arrangements Get the most authentic, luscious Bollywood String arrangements for your project today! Read More >> Contact Bollywood Strings Contact Bollywood Strings by telephone, email or an online form! Read More >> Welcome to Bollywood Strings Listen to “Widescreen” by Violin Chandru and the Bollywood Strings Bollywood Strings was created in 1999, inspired by UK's thirst for cross over music and is led by violinist Chandru who has worked with the likes of Nitin Sawhney, Talvin Singh, Ravi Shanker, George Harrison, Bjork, Tina Turner, Britney and many others and has made a name as UK's foremost Bollywood string arrangers. One of our driving ambitions has been to grow the number of musicians accomplished in performing the "Bollywood Strings" style. We have played a major part in popularizing Bollywood string arrangements and have collaborated with pop, jazz, and Flamenco music along the way. Bollywood Strings has enticed western musicians and music lovers to a whole new phase of cross culture music. end .wrap end .sub-footer Like us on Facebook! Search us! Discover us! Clients Services Uncategorized Our “thoughts” blog Violin Chandru’s Widescreen Album Sean Dickson and the High Fidelity Pepe Habichuela and the Bollywood Strings Life isn’t all Ha Ha Hee Hee – Tristin Norwell, Nick Green & Violin Chandru Discover the beauty of Bollywood Strings! Form by MailChimp for WordPress plugin v2.0 - http://dannyvankooten.com/mailchimp-for-wordpress/ / MailChimp for WP Plugin Copyright © 2018 · Outreach Pro Theme on Genesis Framework · WordPress · Log in WP Audio player plugin v1.9.2 - http://www.tipsandtricks-hq.com/wordpress-audio-music-player-plugin-4556/ 