Welcome to The National Oldtime Fiddlers’ Contest & Festival! - National Oldtime Fiddlers' Contest and Festival Skip to content Menu National Oldtime Fiddlers' Contest and Festival END #logo Home About Certify Your Contest Documents P&L Fiscal Year 2018 Sponsors Fiddle Contest Contestants/Accompanists Register Online Contestant/Accompanist Packet (pdf) Certified Showcase Entry (pdf) Prizes and Awards Accommodations Fiddletown Campground Contest Schedule (pdf) Judges Workshops Past Winners Festival Banjo contest Festival Schedule Memorial Park Food Vendors 2019 2019 Memorial Park Merchandise and Craft Vendors Other Happenings: Weiser Fiddle Festival 2019 Parade Buy Tickets Online Contest Schedule (pdf) Ticket & VIP Order Form (pdf) Store Music Instructional Music Instructional Contact Us #site-navigation National Oldtime Fiddlers' Contest and Festival "The National Finals" of Fiddling .site-branding #masthead Upper widgets / Upper widgets Welcome to The National Oldtime Fiddlers’ Contest & Festival! We’re working hard here at the Fiddle Office getting the latest in forms and updates prepared for contestants as well as the latest in contest and festival information our attendees. Our Board of Directors and volunteers are looking forward to our 68th annual, 2020 event. Check here as we continue to update and add information or changes. Contestants’ and Accompanists’ Registration Packets are now available. Festival Vendors and Entertainer Registration forms are also available in the Festival section. We are pleased to continue holding the contest in the auditorium at Weiser High School. The sound and the seating is comfortable and pleasant for all. We have our national oldtime fiddling competitions as well as the ever-popular TWIN FIDDLING and SWING FIDDLING competition to really add some great musical styles to the show! Please bear with us as we complete each area and make the information available to you. you have a question that needs an immediate answer, please feel free to call us! (208) 414-0255 Monday-Fridays 9-5, or email@fiddlecontest.com. If you are interested in our special VIP seating, please call our office so we can give you assistance in making those arrangements. seating is unavailable on line. We are happy to help in any way we can to make your visit an amazing experience!     Contest For information about “The National Finals of Fiddling Contest Results Download PDFs of the final results of every division at the National Oldtime Fiddlers’ Contest (2018 to current year). Tickets Click the link above to purchase tickets online. Vendors Vendors can find out how to join the fun in the park. Contestants For contestant and Accompanist Packets click the link above. Festival Music, Vendors, Carnival Parade… It’s  City-Wide Fun! Parade 2019 Parade Information and application is posted. Volunteers Come join our great volunteer force  and help make the event shine! .post-content box mark-links You can start editing here. sidebars Contact Mailing Address: National Oldtime Fiddlers, Inc P.O. Box 447 Weiser, ID 83782 Street Address: 2235 Paddock Avenue Weiser, ID 83672 Telephone: 208-414-0255 Fax: 208-414-0256 Navigation Home About Certify Your Contest Documents P&L Fiscal Year 2018 Sponsors Fiddle Contest Contestants/Accompanists Register Online Contestant/Accompanist Packet (pdf) Certified Showcase Entry (pdf) Prizes and Awards Accommodations Fiddletown Campground Contest Schedule (pdf) Judges Workshops Past Winners Festival Banjo contest Festival Schedule Memorial Park Food Vendors 2019 2019 Memorial Park Merchandise and Craft Vendors Other Happenings: Weiser Fiddle Festival 2019 Parade Buy Tickets Online Contest Schedule (pdf) Ticket & VIP Order Form (pdf) Store Music Instructional Music Instructional Contact Us © 2019 National Oldtime Fiddlers' Contest and Festival #site-footer 