The Astor String Quartet for weddings, corporate events, product launches, parties and funerals. DWLayoutTable "You all looked amazing and the music was just wonderful. The service was exceptional and everything ran so smoothly" Mrs A Mcilwaine HOME   WHY CHOOSE US?   HEAR US PLAYING   DETAILED PLAYLIST   VENUES   PHOTO GALLERY   TESTIMONIALS   CONTACT US   USEFUL SITES   The Astor String Quartet is an all-girl string quartet with many years experience playing at weddings, product launches, birthday parties and corporate functions. Our wide experience of playing for weddings means we are often asked for assistance with planning and choice of repertoire. The Astor String Quartet comprises four professional musicians, trained at The Royal College of Music and The Royal Academy of Music. Individual members have played for London West End shows and Orchestras, made television appearances and given radio broadcasts. The quartet has played for many prestigious clients such as HRH The Prince of Wales, British Airways, E.M.I., Hoverspeed, B.M.W., Jane Seymour, The Lord Mayor of London and Diana, Princess of Wales. The Astor String Quartet Excellence and Elegance Start of StatCounter Code End of StatCounter Code                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     If you are looking for a string quartet for your wedding, corporate function, product launch or funeral, the Astor String Quartet is the string quartet for you. Based near Oxford, The Astor String Quartet has played at over 700 weddings. The string quartet have also played for businesses worldwide. Clients include not only hundreds of happy couples but also BMW, British Airways, the RAF, and the Royal Family. Amongst its venues, the Astor String Quartet has The Dorchester, Hever Castle, Manoir Quat' Saisons and Vinopolis. Based in the centre of England, the Astor String Quartet has easy access to London and plays as far afield as France. The string quartet has an extensive repertoire of popular and classical music - probably the largest of all string quartets in Britain. If you require advice for your wedding music the Astor String Quartet are happy to give suggestions if needed. The string quartet is experienced at accompanying the bride's entrance, the signing of the register etc. They are happy to play anything from The Wedding March and Pachelbel's Canon, to Fly Me To The Moon, I Wanna Be Loved By You, or whatever your wedding requires from a string quartet. The quartet will play for reception drinks and throughout the wedding breakfast as needed. The Astor String Quartet plays for the Royal Air Force, the Royal Navy and the Army. The Astor String Quartet are happy to make musical arrangements for your wedding on request. Your favourite melody can usually be played even if it was not originally string quartet music. Most music can be arranged for string quartet. The Astor String Quartet will travel to your venue wherever you are. The Astor String Quartet will play for your wedding, garden party, product launch, conference, military dinner, masonic function or bar mitzvah. The string quartet gives concerts and plays at festivals etc. Some further venues played by the string quartet in the UK include The Roman Baths (Bath), Claridges (London), Girton College, The Member's Enclosure (Wimbledon) and Cardiff Castle. Located in Oxfordshire, The Astor String Quartet has performed across the UK and abroad. Outside the UK the quartet has played the Casino in Deauville, France, as well as for private weddings and bookings .     