Lame Horse Instruments - Guitars, 6 String Banjo 2109 Castle Creek Drive, Mansfield, TX 76063, USA (817) 366-5568 Home Available Instruments Please Come See Us! About Us Our Models Contact Us The Lame Horse Difference Saddle Pal Maintaining Humidity News Our Models More Home Available Instruments Please Come See Us! About Us Our Models Contact Us The Lame Horse Difference Saddle Pal Maintaining Humidity News Our Models Home Available Instruments Please Come See Us! About Us Our Models Contact Us The Lame Horse Difference Saddle Pal Maintaining Humidity News Our Models Builders of Custom Hand Made Guitars Upcoming Events We try make at least one great exhibition of handmade instruments each year. If we are going to be anywhere near you, please come by, say hello, and try one of our guitars, or 6 string banjos. Where We Will Be The Lame Horse Difference Adjustable playing action under full string tension, and rear access panels are just two great features that make Lame Horse Guitars unique. Click on the Blue button button below to learn mor about these features. Special features of Lame Horse guitars What We Build - Our Instruments We build 3 models of custom guitars - and are in the process of adding a fourth. We also build a 6 string banjo called the Gitjo. We also market a very fun, high quality ukulele. Get Details on Our Models Contact - Ordering - Prices Please click the blue box below for information on how to contact us - as well as ordering information and pricing on our guitars, 6 string banjos, and ukuleles. Contact Us How to Care for Your Instrument Humidify your instrument. This is the single most important thing you can do for your guitar. Don't let your guitar end up like this one. Fine guitars are fragile things. Click below to get more information on how to maintain your guitar at the proper humidity. Maintaining Humidity Fresh Off the Work Bench By clicking the action button below you will see some of the most recent examples of our latest work - guitars, Gitjos, and ukuleles, and possibly some work in progess. Our Latest Work Copyright © 2019 Lame Horse Instruments - All Rights Reserved. Home Available Instruments Please Come See Us! About Us Our Models Powered by GoDaddy GoCentral Website Builder 