Fiddlers Grove | Groooovy Fiddlers Skip to content Fiddlers Grove Groooovy Fiddlers #masthead Primary Menu Contra Dancing Learning to Dance Popular Irish Dances and Sounds United States Folk Dances #site-navigation Posted in Uncategorized Home Written by GroovingFiddlers Published June 28, 2018 August 8, 2018 .entry-header One of the best types of instruments according to many is the Bodhran. It is an Irish drum that can be used to create a unique sound based on the type of tip that you may be using. They can be a challenge to learn to play, but the rewards of doing so, can be impressive when you hear the beats of it. If you haven’t heard its unique sounds before, then perhaps it is time that you do. What is the Bodhran? The Bodhran drum, was born during the mid-19th century and is thought of as an instrument that was fashioned from the tambourine. In fact, many consider it a “poor man’s tambourine” since it does not have the cymbals and such that are commonly on a “real” tambourine. It is also larger than the tambourines that we see used. Its drum ranges in size from 25 to 65 cm in diameter. Therefore, it is a lot larger than the drums we are used to seeing. The drum itself is made with animal skin or synthetic heads. The most popular is goatskin, which is tacked to one side of the drum leaving the back of it open for you to place your hand inside. This skin may be decorated to make the drum look more appealing. As you drum on it, your hand inside can change how the vibrations are heard, giving you full control over the pitch and timbre of each beat. At times, there may be crossbars inside of the drum, but most of the time they are left off. The skins are tightened or loosened to allow for the drum to be “tuned”. Overall, it is a simple drum to play once you know how to hold and use the beater if you do not wish to use your bare hand. This beater has what is often called a “tipper” and it can be made of a variety of different woods, which can also change the way the drum sounds. How to Play the Bodhran The Bodhran drum does not have a stand attached to it. The person playing it holds it on their knee and uses their hand inside of it to brace it. When playing, you can use the tipper to create different beats by tapping it with either end of the beater and speeding up or slowing down. You will have to practice some of the basic movements and how to hold the beater. Your beater should be able to wiggle in your hand while you are holding it in the center, and basically the same way as you would hold a pen. The first beat can be made as though you are touching the tip of a pen to an upright sheet of paper. You can then rotate your lower arm to flick and tap the “end” of the beater to the drum. If you learn how to do this, you will be able to learn other ways to make sounds with it. Tipper and Beater Styles Beaters come in a variety of sizes and lengths. They and the tippers can be made of a variety of woods that include Ebony, Rosewood, Greenheart, Lignum Vitae, Purpleheart, Wenge, Ipe, cocobolo, Flame Maple, and more. There are also some people who say that the Corian tippers are ideal if you want a loud sound. To figure out which one you want to use, you will most likely have to take each one for a test drive to see if it has the sound you are looking for.   .entry-content Continue reading "Home" .continue-reading .post__content #post-## Posted in Uncategorized Fiddle Resin Coating for The Ultimate Shine Written by Groovy Fiddlin Published January 27, 2019 January 27, 2019 .entry-header As a fiddle player, there is usually not much reason to change or upgrade your instruments. Instead, they will play an old fiddle that they have had for many years or one that is passed down to them from a family member that they can no longer play. Fiddles are very sentimental instruments that will live forever. They are cherished by players and their family members. A lot of good memories can be attached to one. One way to keep those fiddles beautiful is to consider applying a fiddle resin coating for the ultimate shine. To Refinish or Not There is a lot of debate about whether you should refinish an old stringed instrument or not. However, as a general rule of thumb, you should not consider it unless there is no shine at all left on it. Over time, the original finish can wear off on certain parts. This will allow it to pick up oil off your hands and dirt. This can make the fiddle look bad. You do not want to do anything that may change the way that it sounds when you play it. This does mean that you have to do it carefully. <span data-mce-type="bookmark" style="display: inline-block; width: 0px; overflow: hidden; line-height: 0;" class="mce_SELRES_start">﻿</span> How to Refinish a Fiddle If you want to take it apart, you may need to send it off to a professional. If you simply want to make it look nice, you can do it without a professional if you are careful. Most all stringed instruments are coated with a varnish of some sort. Therefore, you should start by removing any of the varnish that may already be on it and take the time to wipe it down to remove any oil or dirt that may be there. After you have done that, you can put varnish back on the fiddle if you want to, but you may also want to try putting 2 part acrylic casting resin on it to give it a beautiful shine that will not go away for quite a while. The key to success is to ensure that you spread it lightly. You do not want to change how it sounds by adding too much to it. Enjoy Your “New” Fiddle When you have refinished your fiddle, you will be anxious to test it out. You should wait until it is completely dry. Your fiddle will be beautiful in color and maybe even look better than it did when you got it. If you have to mess with the strings, you may have to retune it. This shouldn’t be a problem since you may have changed out the strings in an effort to make it look great again. You may be surprised by how fantastic your stringed instrument will look when you are done putting just a little bit of effort into it. It can be a musical instrument that you are proud to own and even more happy to play. If your fiddle was given to you by someone, they will likely even wish that they had thought about refinishing it for themselves. .entry-content Continue reading "Fiddle Resin Coating for The Ultimate Shine" .continue-reading .post__content #post-## Posted in Uncategorized Sound Equipment for Outdoor Performances Written by Groovy Fiddlin Published October 29, 2018 .entry-header Every person that plays the fiddle, sometimes wishes that they could perform for a large group of people. That is why you can sometimes see a person playing on the side of a busy road or out in the park. It takes a lot to get setup for a large performance, especially in a wide-open area. However, true fiddlers know that sound equipment for outdoor performances is what will make the difference on a couple people stopping to listen and drawing a crowd. Do you have what it takes? The Challenge of Outdoor Fiddle Concerts A fiddle is not known for its ability to project sound without help. They require having a wall or a stage to bounce off of if you want it to carry over a large distance. This can complicate things when someone has a desire to play in a park to try and entertain those who are nearby. Amplifiers and sound boosters are perfect for helping sound carry, but all those wires can become more a headache than they are worth. The more remote the area, the more awkward it will be to get everything set up. The good news for those fiddlers who play wherever the mood strikes them is that there is an easier solution. Ditching the Wires and Keeping the Sound A lot of music equipment requires you to have several wires and power cords. This can be inconvenient if you simply want to play the fiddle. It can also be a hassle to clean up when you are done. You can carry a generator with you to provide the power that you may need, but this still means that you have wires for power and wires to connect. The more wires you have, the harder it will be to pack up quickly if a summer shower comes in. So, if you prefer to avoid at least some wires, you may consider the outdoor receiver with Bluetooth option . You will have fewer wires to get tangled in while you travel and with the constant increase in Bluetooth connectivity and power; you can feel confident that your fiddle music will carry as far as you want it to, clearly. If that doesn’t draw a crowd, then nothing will. Fiddle Playing Your Heart Out for Everyone Once you finally have all the right equipment and it is connected easily, you will be able to go anywhere you want to play your heart out to everyone within hearing distance. Those who are far enough away that they cannot hear you clearly will come closer to hear more after being tantalized by the sound of you playing. Those who cannot stay to listen to a full concert will likely tell others about the fiddler in the park that they heard, and then new people may come to hear you. Everyone will talk about not only your skill with a fiddle, but your outstanding sound equipment that allows your fiddle to carry on the breeze a little further than usual. Can you think of anything better? .entry-content Continue reading "Sound Equipment for Outdoor Performances" .continue-reading .post__content #post-## Posted in Uncategorized Playing Well Into Senior Years Written by Groovy Fiddlin Published October 16, 2018 .entry-header As we age, we tend to lose some of our motor skills and cognitive functions. It does not matter how well we eat or how nice our job is to us; it just happens. They say it is important to keep your mind and body busy and healthy. One of the best ways to ensure your mind is busy is to consider playing an instrument. If you pick up a fiddle now, you could easily be playing well into your senior years. Why Fiddles Are Best According to pretty much anyone that plays the fiddle can tell you that it is very easy to pick up and learn. It looks very complicated, but most say that you can learn how to play if you choose a good fiddle, a book to learn with, or even focus on YouTube videos that will show you step by step what you need to do. For seniors, this means that they can learn to play without having to leave their home, so it is ideal for seniors who may already have a disability or difficulty moving around. What you may not know is that the fiddle will also give you other helpful benefits. Benefits of Fiddling When you play the fiddle, your mind will be sharper. You will often play standing up, which will increase your balance. They are low impact, but your muscles will still become stronger. This will make the people with Safe at Home senior care happy since you will be less likely to fall when you are alone at home. Even if you have no real desire to learn how to fiddle, you can still benefit from playing an instrument of any kind. They will all offer some type of benefit for you. For instance, the harmonica is not difficult to play, and it can strengthen your lungs. The piano is relatively easy, but can keep your fingers from growing stiff with age. The bongo drums and the ukulele are also fun to play, may keep you standing up, and more. They all work to keep your brain functioning well. Which One Will You Choose? It does not matter what your age may be today, picking up an instrument will be helpful. An instrument that you started playing in high school can still be enjoyed when you are older. If you were unable to start playing in high school, you can still decide that it is time to learn. All you have to do is start trying to figure out which one you feel will hold the most fun for you when trying to play. You want to make sure that you can learn it and enjoy it. Playing something that you do not enjoy will be less helpful than playing one that you can love. As a bonus, there are so many different instruments out there that finding your favorite will not be that hard to accomplish. You may even discover that there is one out there that you feel you were born to play. .entry-content Continue reading "Playing Well Into Senior Years" .continue-reading .post__content #post-## Posted in Uncategorized Patio Performances-The Best Fiddler Venues Written by Groovy Fiddlin Published September 7, 2018 .entry-header The fiddle is a simple to learn instrument, but it really isn’t that commonly heard. Most of the time, you see them in music videos or on a stage, but they are often not easily heard among other instruments unless they have a little help. The reason for this is simple. Their sound does not carry very far without something to echo or bounce off of. For this reason, it is also possible to say that patio performances are perhaps the best fiddler venues for people to consider playing in. Backyard Fiddling? <span data-mce-type="bookmark" style="display: inline-block; width: 0px; overflow: hidden; line-height: 0;" class="mce_SELRES_start">﻿</span> A fiddle player can truly impress a crowd if they are playing in a small group of people. Their sound will come across very well and the audience can get a feel for the effort that goes into the fiddler’s hand movements . It is awe inspiring to see a fiddler’s finger moving on the fiddle and to watch the bow glide back and forth over the strings to change the tune. However, in open areas, such as the great outdoors, it is possible for the sound to get lost in the breeze. This is why you will often see a fiddle player standing on an old front porch or patio where their music can be “held” for the listening crowd. It allows the audience to view it and interact with it on a more personal level. The music will be felt inside them rather than simply floating around them. Best Patios for Fiddle Playing? When it comes to choosing a perfect patio for your next performance, you may want to consider a few things. How are the acoustics in that area and is there enough room for people to sit or watch comfortably? These two questions should be at the top of the list. The patio most likely will have a backdrop for the sound to bounce off of, but that may not be helpful if the floor allows it to be absorbed by it. Therefore, you may consider travertine stamped concrete as a better option than a wood floor, especially if there are cracks between the wood. This may be less of a concern if you have a microphone or other things to make it louder. Beyond that, the people who are there to hear you, or the crowd that forms while you are playing, will want a place to sit and relax. Do you have chairs for them or enough room that they can bring out the blankets? Impressing All Who Watch There is a certain beauty to the fiddle. It is simple, but looks very complicated. If you truly want to wow the crowd, you could spin, bounce, and do other things to ensure that the audience is fully captivated and intrigued by your overall performance . Even though you are not dancing around like most “musicians” you will still have the ability to keep their attention and make them love listening to the fiddle as much as you enjoy playing it. .entry-content Continue reading "Patio Performances-The Best Fiddler Venues" .continue-reading .post__content #post-## .featured-image full-bleed Posted in Uncategorized Building A Fiddlers Paradise Written by Groovy Fiddlin Published August 24, 2018 October 4, 2018 .entry-header Any fiddle player knows that it does take a little effort to put on a good performance. Not only must they have the fiddle down and know how to play it well, but they must also perform in an area that will give it the right sound. In the great outdoors, this can prove to be a very big challenge in some situations. However, if you want to play in your backyard for friends and family, building a fiddlers paradise is easier than you may expect. Setting the Stage When you play a fiddle in the wide-open space, you need to do what you can to ensure that it sounds like a fiddle should. In a large space, especially outdoors, the fiddle’s unique sound could be carried away on the breeze. At this point, you are faced with very few options. You can choose to only host indoor concerts, or you can amp up your performance . Amplifiers and microphones are ideal for ensuring that everyone close by can hear you play the way you want them to hear it. Your skills with the fiddle will be noticed by your audience, and you may even draw a crowd, but is it really enough to make your performance perfect? Transforming Your Stage Electronics can do a lot, but there is no reason to overlook the acoustics of a building. Theaters and concert halls are designed the way that they are for a reason. The stage is often set near a wall and all chairs wrap around the front of the stage. When you are hosting a backyard concert, you will not have the luxury of an enclosed space, but you can learn how to build a small garden wall and perform near it. The wall will give your instrument’s sound a place to bounce off of, which will increase your overall volume and help your instrument project further out from your “stage”.  You may also consider building a wooden platform to stand on and at least a half wall on the sides of your stage. The more enclosed you are, the more impressive your fiddle will sound. Bringing Down the House <span data-mce-type="bookmark" style="display: inline-block; width: 0px; overflow: hidden; line-height: 0;" class="mce_SELRES_start">﻿</span> An added bonus to having a dedicated stage is that you can create a fun atmosphere. With your stage, even if it is a small one, you can then consider adding lights, smoke, and other things that will make your fiddle performances look like you are a professional fiddler. Your fellow fiddlers can also come and join you in playing and most of them will want to when they see how your stage is set up. Friends and family that do not play will take time out of their busy lives to watch you. If that isn’t enough, you may also be able to move your little stage to the park where you can perform for people that have never heard you play. Perhaps it will encourage kids and adults to consider picking up a fiddle of their own, so that one day they will be able to play as well as you. Can you think of anything better than inspiring others to take up something that you love doing? .entry-content Continue reading "Building A Fiddlers Paradise" .continue-reading .post__content #post-## Posted in Uncategorized Best Spot for An Outdoor Groove Session Written by Groovy Fiddlin Published August 8, 2018 September 18, 2018 .entry-header Playing a violin is thought by many to be very calming to the mind and soul. It is something that most people stand up to play and say that it is the ideal way to deal with stressful days. For that reason, it is also something that many prefer to play outside. Outdoor events and concerts, or simply playing for the joy of doing so can enhance the mental clarity that comes from playing; especially if you chose the right spot to play. Here are some ideas on what will make the best spot for an outdoor groove session with your fiddler and perhaps a few friends. Why Play the Fiddle? The fiddle is a great instrument for people of all ages to learn to play. There are many who say that it is very difficult to learn, but really it isn’t that hard at all. It simply takes a little dedication to practice. Learning to play can improve your overall posture, give you a workout both physically and mentally, as well as provide you with a strong sense of self-confidence . This is why it is recommended for kids, adults, and even senior citizens who may want to learn something new. Fiddle Playing Outdoors Outside, you have a wide-open space to play in. However, you may not want to play in a wide area for many reasons. You have to think about the weather where you are. Too much sun will mean that you are hot and miserable while playing. Flies and gnats buzzing around your face could be more of a distraction if it is cloudy and cool. You also have to think of your acoustics. Sound does not sound as good in open spaces because there is nothing for it to bounce off of. Instead of a wide-open space, you may want to consider backing up to a building like the West Plains Bank Mountain View MO . This is also a great space because of the fact that there is shade from the building, not a lot of people or other noises, and you can set up your equipment if you are going to use any and not be in the way of others. Play Your Heart Out! Being outdoors will allow you to play your heart out on your favorite fiddle. It will allow you to entertain all that can hear your performance. You can play as a single fiddler or you can have a group of people with you who share your passion for playing. The great outdoors will present some challenges, but by playing outdoors, you may encourage those who have never considered learning the fiddle to pick up one. You should pay close attention to encouraging children and teens to give it a try. You may change their life for the better by simply telling them that it isn’t something that is hard to learn. Then one day, they may join you in playing in the great outdoors. Wouldn’t that be a very cool experience? Playing with someone you inspired? .entry-content Continue reading "Best Spot for An Outdoor Groove Session" .continue-reading .post__content #post-## #main #primary #content #page 