Border Marches Early Music Forum - Home Border Marches Early Music Forum Home Membership Future Workshops Other Events More Opportunities Photos Contacts Links Borrowing music Outreach Funding Border Marches Early Music Forum This site was last updated 10 July 2019 At the end of June singers and instrumentalists met at Stockenny, home of Treasurer John Wren and his wife Georgia, for a glorious (if very hot) day working on the music of Michael Praetorius. Tutor David Hatcher was superlative, keeping his cool in spite of the heat. We also wished member John Watson a very happy 90th birthday. News​ ​ ​ Please be kind to our Treasurer! If you pay for a workshop online, you must make sure that you use the correct reference. (You may have to go into the payee's details and delete the reference you used last time). If you don't do this, the Treasurer won't know which workshop you're paying for. About BMEMF The Border Marches Early Music Forum, BMEMF, exists to promote the enjoyment of early music. It doesn't matter if you're a singer or an instrumentalist; very experienced or a beginner; amateur or professional - if you enjoy early music, BMEMF is for you. We publish a quarterly newsletter packed with news, reviews and details of forthcoming events in January (copy deadline 25th November), April (copy deadline 25th February), June (copy deadline 25th April) and September (copy deadline 25th July). We organise regular day workshops in Herefordshire and the surrounding counties of England and Wales. Our workshops cater for a range of interests and abilities. All our workshops are led by highly-regarded specialist tutors. You don't have to be a member - everyone is welcome. Find out more on our Facebook page. We're welcoming, friendly and very, very enthusiastic! We hope that you will browse through our website and find an event to interest you. We look forward to seeing you at one of our workshops. Registered Charity No 512160 We are members of 'Making Music' Please click here for a copy of our Data Protection Policy (27th April 2018) Please click  here   for a copy of our Constitution (revised Sept 2015) Please click here  for a copy of our Annual Report 2017-18 Powered by Create your own unique website with customizable templates. Get Started 