Welcome to Blues Trust Productions   THE BLUES TRUST WELCOMES YOU BOSTON BLUES FESTIVAL 1996-2007 For over a decade, the Blues Trust treated the city of Boston to two days of free Blues music each September by the banks of The Charles River. Live at the Boston Blues Festival Volume II is a sampling of some of the outstanding Blues talent showcased at the event.  Featuring live performances by Blues Trust Lifetime Achievement Award recipients Honeyboy Edwards, Lazy Lester , Louisiana Red, Hubert Sumlin and Chick Willis , there are also stellar performances by Duke Robillard, Sugar Ray & The Bluetones, Darrell Nulisch and The Love Dogs. Others performers include David Maxwell, Kid Bangham, Monster Mike Welch, Dwight Ritcher, Lydia Warren, Hot Tamale Brass Band and Dennis Brennan. Click the button to buy it now securely through PayPal or send $10 to: BLUES TRUST PRODUCTIONS 75 Altamont Avenue Melrose, MA 02176 Those wishing to purchase the disc by Pay Pal using the link above will be assesed an additional $2 fee.   BLUES TRUST NEWS Blues Trust News 1-11-12 Hello friends. No we haven't gone anywhere! We are still assisting Blues artisits, even though it has been a few years since we presented live music. Our mission to aid Blues musicians continues. Please visit the Blues Trust History page to see a list of our musician aid and charitable contributions. Please consider joing our efforts by making a tax deductibe donation to the Blues Trust so that we can continue to be there for those who enrich our lives through their art when they need us. Visit the Blues Trust Sponsorship page to see how you can help. Thanks! Blues Trust News 6-4-10 If you have opened the June edition of the Blues Trust News expecting to read about the location of your nearest Blues Jam, shut down your computer, pick up your guitar and practice Mustang Sally. Today's edition is about Blues, just not about music. On May 8, 2010 our Mom passed away. Gail and I were by her side when she left this world. I told her that I was going to the window to watch her fly away and as I did, a magnificent Red Tail Hawk flew Heavenward through a gentle spring rain. The Reoccurring Red Tale You would have to have lived it to recognize the more than appropriate irony of the on cue raptor to appreciate its significance. It is a theme that has repeated itself time and time again in my life and in the course of the Blues Trust's history. When Rosco Gordon passed away, just one month before his scheduled Boston Blues Festival appearance and Blues Trust Lifetime Achievement Award ceremony, a moment of silence was requested from the Festival stage. As his song Now You're Gone was played through the PA, a Red Tail Hawk circled higher and higher above the Boston Blues Festival audience. We reached back to the roots for his replacement and enlisted 91 year-old string band legend Howard Armstrong to fill the slot. When Howard Armstrong passed away and was laid to rest in a Boston cemetery, a similar occurrence was witnessed by those who believe in signs from above. A Red Tail Hawk perched on top of the cross at the gates of the Forest Hills Cemetery. As the limousine filled with family, his widow and friends passed through the gates, the hawk lifted off and escorted the entourage. These are the type of signs that remind me that there is something more than what is here on the ground. Those that are willing to take the time to look will see. When you are where you are supposed to be, doing what is right for you, affirmations for somewhere else will tell you to stay on your path. Musician Plea I am requesting in this month's donor plea, contributions from those that the Blues Trust has directly impacted; the musicians. If you have ever benefited from our assistance, through the privilege of playing one of the first class venues that we have procured, presented and promoted your music from, a little retribution will go a long way right now. What I don't want is those who have already recognized this need and have made a contribution to replicate their appreciation. We've been asked by musicians for help promoting their careers and that is our mission, so we are happy to fulfill those requests. But nothing comes free and we have to assume the costs of continuing to bring you the Blues Trust News, keep bluestrust.com up and running and most importantly, have the resources to maintain musician aid. We recently had to replace the computer to bring you this update. We did so by finding a used lap top for $289! For a partial list of those that have received assistance follow the link. Almost all can put aside five or ten dollars. I'd rather see a united community contribute a small sum, than rely on one wealthy entity's donation and possibilty of withdrawn support based on what they expect in return to fulfill their personal agenda. Life is like a tray of ice cubes, it is easy to crack them into your drink. But if you don't take the time to refill the tray, your thirst will only be quenched but once. Lorna Lou (Lawson) Sarni enjoyed music. But to say she was a Blues fan may be stretching it. But, as a Mother and a caring lady, she was a fan of helping others. She passed this generosity on to her six children and that is why when she was at the Boston Blues Festival, helping Gail at the merchandise table or with back stage hospitality, she was proud of what we were doing for others and the enjoyment that it brought to all who attended. We would like to continue the Blues Trust and its mission, for her and for you. With your help we can. We share this personal news not because we are searching for condolence or want any pity during a difficult time. We want it to be recognized that because our Mom's grace and loving example, we have been able to accomplish acts that have impacted the lives of those who were so often overlooked. Your gifts in Lorna's memory may be sent to: Blues Trust Productions / 75 Altamont Avenue / Melrose, MA 02176 or by PayPal: Online Giving If you would like to sign her GUESTBOOK , follow the link. A short Bio of her life follows. Thanks for taking the time to read this edition of Blues Trust News. ~ LORNA LOU (LAWSON) SARNI ~ 11/17/24 ~ 5/8/10 ~ Although Lorna wasn't rich or famous, her life path is a compelling journey. From her beginnings, growing up in Idaho's fertile Snake River Valley, she learned to respect and commune with the Earth's gifts. She understood and paid attention to simple beauty. During the depression, her family migrated to the West Coast. This completed a cross country pilgrimage that her ancestors had begun a century earlier. Levi West Montague left Cambridge, Vermont with Joseph Smith, founder of the Latter Day Saints. When a mob in the Midwest killed Smith while he was awaiting trial, Levi escaped with a bullet wound. He pushed onward and was among the early settlers of Provo, Utah, establishing the Montague name as true pioneers. In California, Lorna attended Oceanside/Carlsbad High School. Her family made a living as ranchers and owned a pool hall. After graduation she was employed as an officer's secretary at Camp Pendleton. She was written up by the Officer of the Day for dust on her desk. That Officer was Captain Ralph Sarni. Ralph obviously had an eye for beauty and maneuvered to capture the affections of 18 year old Lorna Lou Lawson. One of her suitors that he had to outshine was a brash young Jazz Musician by the name of Buddy Rich. Ralph vowed to not marry during the war, but he followed his heart to make the best decision of his life. After meeting in November, they were married on April 23, 1944. Ralph left for Marine Corps duty on May 10, 1944. Their first child, Barbara was born on August 16, 1945. After the war, they came home to live in Melrose on West Wyoming Avenue with Ralph's parents and then moved to Christoforo Lane in Wakefield, where Rick, Dennis and Bob were born. They outgrew the house in Wakefield and settled into the home at 75 Altamont Avenue in Melrose, where Greg and Gail joined the family. Ralph and Lorna celebrated 66 years of marriage on April 23rd. Their dedication and loyalty to one another set an example for us that we will pass along to all we encounter. Lorna's last act, picking flowers to brighten her home, was an appropriate and simple gesture that captured the essence of who she was beautifully. Listen to WBRS True Blues each Wednesday from 10 AM - Noon ET. The playlist for Mayl is available below 1.    Matthew Stubbs / Medford & Main / Blue Bella 2.    Ten Foot Polecats / I Get Blamed For Everything I Do / HB 3.    The Holmes Brothers / Feed My Soul / Alligator 4.    Johnny Moeller / Bloogaloo / Severn 5.    Mark Hummel / Retro-Active / Electro-Fi 6.    Magic Slim / Raising the Bar / Blind Pig 7.    Marshall Lawrence / Blues Intervention / MAPL 8.    Dave Weld & The Imperial Flames / Burnin’ Love / Delmark 9.    Cash Box Kings / I-94 Blues / Blue Bella 10.  Seasick Steve / Man From Another Time / Atlantic 11.  Luther Allison / Songs From The Road / Ruf 12.  Taildragger / Live at Rooster’s Lounge / Delmark 13.  Teeny Tucker / Keep The Blues Alive / TeBo 14.  Cee Cee James / Lowdown Where The Snakes Crawl / Blue Skunk 15 .  Nick Moss / Privileged / Blue Bella 16.  The Sojourners / The Sojourners / Black Hen 17.  John Nemeth / Name The Day! / Blind Pig 18.  Harrison Kennedy / One Dog Barkin’ / Electro-Fi 19.  Delta Moon / Hellbound Train / Red Parlor 20.  Moreland & Arbuckle / Flood  / Telarc 21.  MonkeyJunk / Tiger In Your Tank / Beefy 22.  Harper / Stand Together / Blind Pig 23.  Shakura S’Aida / Brown Sugar / Ruf 24.  Solomon Burke / Nothing’s Impossible / E1 25.  Grandpa Elliott / Sugar Sweet / Playing For A Change end of AOLMsgPart_2_134358c8-1eed-4dc8-9161-022b2b49da53   BLUES TRUST NEWS ARCHIVES Blues Trust News 5-4-10 T-Model Help T-Model Ford, the 90 year-old North Mississippi Legend, recently had a stroke and is in the process of therapeutic rehabilitation. Like many Blues artists, Ford has no Healthcare Insurance. The Blues Trust is putting out a special plea for contributions and is asking you for whatever you can afford to donate to this cause. Please notate on your check that your contribution is going to help T-Model Ford and 100% of your contribution will go directly to him. As an incentive, any donation of $25 or more will receive a copy of Live at the Boston Blues Festival Volume II. The Blues Trust needs your assistance to continue to aid our musician friends. In the past year we have been able to assist Alec Fraser, Nicole Hart and Timo Arthur with artist relief. Thank you in advance for your continued support. You can contrubte by PayPal or a send a check to: Blues Trust Productions / 75 Altamont Avenue / Melrose, MA 02176. Live Blues   Each Wednesday, during the month of May, the Matthew Stubbs Band featuring Sax Gordon, will perform at Toad in Porter Square, Cambridge. There is no cover charge at Toad, so make sure you get there early in the night and early in the month, while the roof is still on the place. Fred Griffith’s Fandango open the evening at 7 PM; Stubbs at 10. This Friday, May 7th Johnny D’s presents Mr. Nicks Northeast Harmonica Showdown. Jerry Portnoy, Sugar Ray Norcia and Annie Raines will be backed by Mr. Nick and the Dirty Tricks. Johnny D’s, 17 Holland Street, Davis Square Somerville. 617-776-2004. Saturday, May 8th Watermelon Slim & The Workers are at the Bull Run , 215 Great Road in Shirley, MA. 978-425- 4311. Slim is joined by longtime friend Chris Stovall Brown on drums. The blast through New England also includes a show at Chan’s in Woonsocket, RI on Friday night. 401-765-1900. Jimmie Vaughan & The Tilt-A-Whirl Band play the Knickerbocker Café in Westerly, RI on Sunday May 16th. The new Knick celebrate their 1 year anniversary with the Pawtucket River Blues Revue on May 29 th at 9 PM; scheduled to perform are Duke Robillard, Sugar Ray Norcia, Johnny Nicholas, Greg Piccolo and more. 401-596-4225. The Soul Queen of New Orleans stops back into Cambridge for two shows this month. Irma Thomas will be at Scullers , on Friday, May 21st and Saturday May 22 nd. Scullers is located in the Doubletree Guest Suites Boston, 400 Soldier’s Field Road. 617-562-4111 On Disc   The Blues Trust doesn’t review, as much as it recommends recordings for you to add to your collection. At the risk of sounding redundant, we would like to remphasize some stellar releases that we have previously noted. If you didn’t pick up on them the first time around, what the Hell are you waiting for? We’re proud to say that two of the three releases are form local performers. We know that you will enjoy Medford & Maine from the Matthew Stubbs Band, I Get Blamed For Everything I Do, by the Ten Foot Polecats and Johnny Moeller’s Bloogaloo. For a look at what is being played and charted on WBRS True Blues, have a look below. Listen to WBRS True Blues each Wednesday from 10 AM - Noon ET. The playlist for April is available below: 1. The Holmes Brothers / Feed My Soul / Alligator 2. Ten Foot Polecats / I Get Blamed For Everything I Do / HB 3. Johnny Moeller / Bloogaloo / Severn 4. Matthew Stubbs / Medford & Main / Blue Bella 5. Shakura S’Aida / Brown Sugar / Ruf 6. Mark Hummel / Retro-Active / Electro-Fi 7. Luther Allison / Songs From The Road / Ruf 8. Solomon Burke / Nothing’s Impossible / E1 9. Cash Box Kings / I-94 Blues / Blue Bella 10. Taildragger / Live at Rooster’s Lounge / Delmark 11. Seasick Steve / Man From Another Time / Atlantic 12. Boo Boo Davis / Ain’t Gotta a Dime / Black & Tan 13. Travis Moonchild Haddix / If I’m One You’re One Too / Benevolent 14. Grandpa Elliott / Sugar Sweet / Playing For A Change 15 . Nick Moss / Privileged / Blue Bella 16. The Sojourners / The Sojourners / Black Hen 17. Harrison Kennedy / One Dog Barkin’ / Electro-Fi 18. The Nighthawks / Last Train To Bluesville / Rip Bang 19. Delta Moon / Hellbound Train / Red Parlor 20. Moreland & Arbuckle / Flood Telarc 21. MonkeyJunk / Tiger In Your Tank / Beefy 22. Killborn Alley Blues Band / Nothin’ Left To Stimulate / Blue Bella 23. Guitar Shorty / Bare Knuckle / Alligator 24. Eric Bibb / Booker’s Guitar / Telarc 25. Chick Willis / Hit & Run Blues / Benevolent Blues Blues Trust News 4-2-10 The Blues Trust has always endeavored to assist the musicians that help keep the legacy of the Blues thriving for generations to come. Without the bloodlines to the past, we are faced with the demise of our culture. Please read below how you can help keep a vital service for the musicians of New Orleans up and running. New Orleans Musicians Assistance Foundation In August the New Orleans Musicians Clinic is faced with a 90% cut in government funding. They have helped heal the world with songs of joy and freedom, now they need your help. There are no retirement plans for Blues musicians. Please watch this VIDEO to see how you can help Live Blues Some upcoming shows to mark on your calendar: The Darrell Nulisch Trio plays Smoken’ Joes BBQ in Brighton on Thursday, April 8th. Darrell is joined by Paul Size on guitar and Marty Ballou on bass. Smoken’ Joe’s BBQ is at 351 Washington Street, Brighton, MA 617-254-5227. John Nemeth comes to the Bull Run on April 23rd and looking ahead to May, the Watermelon Slim Homecoming is on May 8 th. The Bull Run is at 215 Great Road in Shirley, MA. 978-425-4311. On April 14th The Holmes Brothers play Scullers in support of their excellent Alligator release, Feed My Soul. The recording was # 1 on the WBRS True Blues Top 25 for the month of March. Scullers is located in the Doubletree Guest Suites-Boston, 400 Soldiers Field Road. 617-562-4111 On Disc Ten Foot Polecats - I Get Blamed For Everything I Do . This Boston based trio is a hard working, hard driving bundle of Blues, influenced by the North Mississippi Hill Country Sound. They play a warp speed version of Tommy Johnson’s Big Road Blues, but really shine on some of their own tunes, like Tears on My Windshield, Squeeze and So Good to Me. Guitarist Jim Chilson’s manic 5 string guitar and gravel growls from Jay Schefler set the Ten Foot Polecats apart from everyone else in town. Johnny Moeller - Bloogaloo . Texas guitarist Johnny Moeller became known from his Dallas Blues Society release, Johnny Moeller’s Blues Aggregation. Though no longer called the Aggregation, he has a fine assemblage of Texas' finest (if you can consider Californian Kim Wilson a Texas transplant) Shawn Pittman takes center stage on guitar and vocals on I’m Movin’ Up. Louann Barton guests on two tracks also. Moeller shines on the discs instrumentals, including the title track, proving why he has been chosen by Darrell Nulisch and the Fabulous Thunderbirds to contribute his talent to their bands. Listen to WBRS True Blues each Wednesday from 10 AM - Noon ET. The playlist for March is available below: 1. The Holmes Brothers / Feed My Soul / Alligator 2. Ten Foot Polecats / I Get Blamed For Everything I Do / HB 3. Travis Moonchild Haddix / If I’m One You’re One Too / Benevolent 4. Johnny Moeller / Bloogaloo / Severn 5. Matthew Stubbs / Medford & Main / Blue Bella 6. Cash Box Kings / I-94 Blues / Blue Bella 7. Luther Allison / Songs From The Road / Ruf 8. Marc Benno / I Got It Bad / Blue Skunk 9. Boo Boo Davis / Ain’t Gotta a Dime / Black & Tan 10. Taildragger / Live at Rooster’s Lounge / Delmark 11. Chick Willis / Hit & Run Blues / Benevolent Blues 12. Guitar Shorty / Bare Knuckle / Alligator 13. Jimi Hendrix / Valleys of Neptune / Experience Hendrix 14. Andrew Jr Boy Jones / Gettin’ Real / Electro-Fi 15 . Eric Bibb / Booker’s Guitar / Telarc 16. The Sojourners / The Sojourners / Black Hen 17. Harrison Kennedy / One Dog Barkin’ / Electro-Fi 18. Killborn Alley Blues Band / Nothin’ Left To Stimulate / Blue Bella 19. Bryan Lee / My Lady Don’t Love My Lady / Justin Time 20. R.J. Mischo / Knowledge You Can’t Get In College / Greaseland 21. Duke Robillard / Tales from the Tiki Lounge / Blue Duchess 22. Shakura S’Aida / Brown Sugar / Ruf 23. Nick Moss / Privileged / Blue Bella 24. Ken Tucker / Juke Joint Serenade / Benevolent 25. Cee Cee James / Lowdown Where The Snakes Crawl / Blue Skunk Blues Trust News 3-2-10 There are some encouraging signs that vinatge American music is alive and thriving in the hands of young musicians like the Ten Foot Polecats and Matthew Stubbs. Those that take the time to listen and learn are now sharing their experience with others to great effect. Live Blues Darrell Nulisch plays the Regattabar on Wednesday, March 3rd from 7:30 to 9:00 PM. Playing with Darrell are the two Martys; Marty Ballou on bass and Marty Richards on drums, with Paul Size on guitar. His latest release, Something Else was nominated by the Blues Foundation for Soul/Blues CD of the year and he is nominated for Soul/Blues artist of the year. Nulisch is also playing the Lincoln Center for the arts with James Cotton and Matt "Guitar" Murphy on June 26th. This Saturday, March 6th at the Regent Theatre , 6 Medford Street, Arlington, MA, Raising the Blues has their annual concert. Their mission is to raise the spirits, abilities and aspirations of children undergoing medical treatment and recovery and children with physical, emotional or educational challenges through Blues performances. The initiative also provides Blues artists with paying gigs. It’s the same great lineup as last year; Pete Huttlinger, Ed Gerhard and Jon Short, plus the Beastonians. Tickets: 617-646-4TIX. Smoken Joe’s in Brighton continues their ambitious commitment to live music 7 nights a week. On Sunday March 7 th Erin Harpe performs, accompanied by Rosy Rosenblatt. Weekly residencies keep local artists, like Shirley Lewis, Alizon Lissance, Bruce Bears, Phil Pemberton and Bruce Marshall out in front of their Hometown fans. Smoken’ Joe’s BBQ is at 351 Washington Street, Brighton, MA 617-254-5227.   The Delta Blues Museum in Clarksdale, Mississippi is hosting a book signing on Thursday March 4 th for Michael Lloyd Young’s pictorial of Delta Culture titled, Blues, Booze and BBQ. The book details the 150 miles of Highway 61 from Memphis, Tennessee to Greenville, Mississippi. The reception takes place from 5 PM - 7 PM and features a sampling of local BBQ. Lloyd is donating his author proceeds to the Delta Blues Museum Foundation. Buy it Online . After the reception and BBQ, the Blues and Booze after party will be at Red’s Lounge 395 Sunflower Avenue in Clarksdale. Congratulations to the Ten Foot Polecats on a great show at PA’s Lounge in Somerville, where they introduced T-Model Ford to a new generation of Blues fans. It was refreshing to see a roomful of new fans discovering Old School North Mississippi Hill Country Blues. Their hard work presenting and promoting the event is appreciated. Don’t miss your opportunity to see another Legend of the Blues this month; 94 year-old Honeyboy Edwards. Honeyboy is appearing at the Regattabar in Cambridge, along with Marc Benno on Wednesday, March 10th. Help Wanted The Somerville Jazz & Blues Festival is looking for artists to perform at the city concert on Saturday, June19th at Powderhouse Park. The festival continues throughout the week at local venues. The event is looking to showcase jazz and blues - everything from swampy Cajun to Ethiopian Jazz. Preference will be given to bands with a Somerville connection. Email applications to somjazzfest@gmail.com or you can mail or drop off applications to Somerville Arts Council/Joe's Jazz and Blues Fest, 50 Evergreen Avenue, Somerville, MA 02145. Deadline is March 30th, 2010. Contact Tori Costa at the address above with any questions. All applications will be reviewed by a jury. Chosen artists will be contacted by April 20th On Disc Matthew Stubbs second solo release, Medford and Main stands out from every other recording that crosses this desk. Picking up where Soulbender left off, this is another all instrumental romp through time, which harkens back to the heyday of the Memphis Soul of Sun, Willie Mitchell’s Hi Records, Booker T and the MG’s and the sounds of Stax and Muscle Shoals. The horns are arranged by Sax Gordon, who has been a huge influence on Stubbs. Chris Rivelli may as well be Al Jackson Jr, on drums and Gordon, his Sax brother Tino Barker and Scott Aruda on trumpet, the Me’ford Horns. Like the tunes of old, these tracks all come in at around 3 minutes, with the one exception being, Tube Top Temptation. The vintage Surf, R&B and Blues sound gains aural authenticity by the application of amps and guitars from the past. Medford and Main hits the street on March 16th, along with three others from the Blue Bella family; Killborn Alley Blues Band, Cash Box Kings and Nick Moss. Nice. Listen to WBRS True Blues each Wednesday from 10 AM - Noon ET. The playlist for February is available below: 1. Boo Boo Davis / Ain’t Gotta a Dime / Black & Tan 2. R.J. Mischo / Knowledge You Can’t Get In College / Greaseland 3. The Holmes Brothers / Feed My Soul / Alligator 4. Matthew Stubbs / Medford & Main / Blue Bella 5. Chick Willis / Hit & Run Blues / Benevolent Blues 6. Andrew Jr Boy Jones / Gettin’ Real / Electro-Fi 7. Bryan Lee / My Lady Don’t Love My Lady / Justin Time 8. Harrison Kennedy / One Dog Barkin’ / Electro-Fi 9. Lil’ Dave Thompson / Deep in the Night / Electro-Fi 10. Taildragger / Live at Rooster’s Lounge / Delmark 11. Zora Young / French Connection / Delmark 12. Guitar Shorty / Bare Knuckle / Alligator 13. Debbie Davies / Holding Court / Vizztone 14. Greg Nagy / Walk That Fine Thin Line / Big O 15 . Eric Bibb / Booker’s Guitar / Telarc 16. The Sojourners / The Sojourners / Black Hen 17. Various / Boogie Woogie Kings / Delmark 18. Henry Gray & The Cats / Times Are Gettin’ Hard / Lucky Cat 19. Joe Louis Walker / Between a Rock and the Blues / Stony Plain 20. Dirty Mac Blues Band / Victory Bar / Self-Released 21. Various / Chicago Blues Party / Mountain Top 22. Ten Foot Polecats / Sterno Soup / Self-Released 23. The Nighthawks / Last Train to Bluesville / Rip Bang 24. Cyril Neville / Brand New Blues / MC 25. Duke Robillard / Tales from the Tiki Lounge / Blue Duchess Blues Trust News 2-2-10 There are fewer and fewer opportunities to see and hear genuine Blues, played by the real deal artists. Even those venues that still book Blues, for economic reasons end up presenting suit bands with day jobs, because they are desperate for exposure and will play for less just to get the gig. There are some exceptions and we turn your attention to a few upcoming performances that deserve your attention and support. Please come out to support the veteran artists so they will come back to our area. Many have to travel to Europe to make a living. Keep American artists in America! Congratulations to 1998 Blues Trust Lifetime Achievement Award recipient David Honeyboy Edwards on his 2010 Grammy © Lifetime Achievement Award. Honey is 94 years-old and is returning to town next month! Duke Robillard’s Stomp! The Blues Tonight was also nominated for a Grammy this year. The Blues Trust presented both of these artists at the Boston Blues Festival on more than one occasion and they are featured on Live at the Boston Blues Festival Volume II . Your purchase of the disc allows us to continue to support the musicians and to bring you this newsletter. Thanks to Wayne Bouchard for his purchase of a past year Boston Blues Festival T-Shirt last month. It helped us to contribute to Timo Arthur, who was out of action earlier, after an emergency appendectomy. Buy a CD, a shirt or make a contribution so we can continue to help. Thanks! Ben Payton Artist in Residency Program at Berklee Performance Center Thursday, February 4 th. 8:15. Part of Berklee College of Music's Africana Studies program, Roots and Reason is a night of traditional roots music from the Mississippi Delta and around the world, performed byfaculty, students, and guest artists. Read more on Ben Payton . North Mississippi Hill Country Blues Come to Somerville! The Ten Foot Polecats are bringing 90 year-old Blues legend T-Model Ford to PA’s Lounge in Somerville Thursday February 25 th. Doors open at 8, The Ten Foot Pole Cats hit the stage, followed by T-Model Ford. This is a rare New England appearance not to be missed. PA’s Loung e, 345 Somerville Avenue, Somerville MA, 617-776-1557 As mentioned, Honeyboy is coming back to town. He will be at the Regattabar, in the CharlesHotel in Harvard Square on Wednesday March 10 th. Also on the bill that night is session man extraordinaire Marc Benno . He was asked to add some Texas flare to a recording session for band, unknown to him at the time. His guitar was used on the recording of the Doors LA Woman. The Regattabar celebrates Mardi Gras the next two weeks with some New Orleans flavor. On Wednesday the 10th, Buckwheat Zydeco appears on Thursday the 11th it’s Sonny Landreth and Corey Harris plays the 17th and Trombone Shorty on the 18 h. On Wednesday, March 3rd Darrell Nulisch plays; all shows are at 7:30 PM. Raising the Blues presents a fundraiser to help bring music to children in need. Raising The Blues , Ltd. is a 501(c) 3 non-profit charitable organization dedicated to bringing Blues music to children undergoing medical treatment or recovery, and children with physical, emotional or educational challenges. Their annual show is on March 6 at Arlington’s Regent Theatre. Politically Incorrect Exit At a local benefit last week, a veteran of the Boston Blues scene got up and wouldn’t get down. A scheduled band, donating their time and services, never had the opportunity to perform. Maybe sobriety isn’t the way to go. From Stage Hogs to Ground Hogs: The rodent saw his shadow today, so we’re infor another six weeks of winter! There is only one surefire fix that will not only solve him seeing his shadow, but the light of day altogether! John Lee Hooker has it for you. Listen to John Lee Hooker 's Ground Hog Blues Listen to WBRS True Blues each Wednesday from 10 AM - Noon ET. The playlist for January is available below: 1. Andrew Jr Boy Jones / Gettin’ Real / Electro-Fi 2. Chick Willis / Hit & Run Blues / Benevolent Blues 3. Bryan Lee / My Lady Don’t Love My Lady / Justin Time 4. Debbie Davies / Holding Court / Vizztone 5. B.B. King / One Kind Favor / Geffen 6. Barry Levenson & Johnny Dyer / Hard Times Won / Storyville 7. Joe Louis Walker / Between a Rock and the Blues / Stony Plain 8. Harrison Kennedy / One Dog Barkin’ / Electro-Fi 9. Long John Hunter / Looking for a Party / Blues Express 10. Little Joe McLerran / Believe I’ll Make a Change / RBR 11. Zora Young / French Connection / Delmark 12. Eugene Hideaway Bridges / Live in San Antonio / Armadillo 13. John Campbelljohn / Good To Go / C&B 14. Victor Wainright & The Wild Roots / Beale St to the Bayou / VLW 15 . Various / Boogie Woogie Kings / Delmark 16. The Sojourners / The Sojourners / Black hen 17. Watermelon Slim / Escape from the Chicken Coop / Northern Blues 18. Henry Gray & The Cats / Times Are Gettin’ Hard / Lucky Cat 19. Taildragger / Live at Rooster’s Lounge / Delmark 20. Shawn Pittman / Undeniable / Self Released 21. MonkeyJunk / Tiger in Your Tank / Beefy 22. Mark Nomad / Soul Proprietor / Blue Star 23. Various / Delmark Celebrates 55 Years of Blues / Delmark 24. Shirley Johnson / Blues Attack / Delmark 25. R.J. Mischo / Knowledge You Can’t Get In College / GR Blues Trust News 1-5-10 The Blues Trust wishes all a healthy and Happy New Year. We are grateful to those who share our common passion for the music and support those entrusted with its legacy. We urge all to resolve to renew their effort to preserve and protect America’s Genuine Music! Death Letter The man who helped Al Green become a household name has died. Willie Mitchell, owner of Memphis’ Royal Recording Studio has passed away at age 81. Known for his trumpet playing, as well as his “Hi Sound” production style, his own recordings include Soul Serenade. Mitchell recorded for Joe Cuoghi’s Hi Records throughout the 1960s and took over the label in 1970 after the owner’s passing. In addition to his work with Green, Mitchell also produced successful recordings for Syl Johnson and Ann Peebles. The term “Legend” is used frequently In Pop Culture. Regarding Memphis Music, Mitchell’s photo belongs next to the title. Live Blues Sugar Ray & The Bluetones play at Chan’s in Woonsocket Friday night. Trick Bag returns to Jake’s Dixie Roadhouse on Moody Street in Waltham this Saturday night. Joe Louis Walker plays at the renovated Bull Run in Shirley on Saturday January 16th. Duke Robillard and Sunny Crownover are at Parker Wheeler’s Blues Party at The Grog in Newburyport on Sunday, January 17 th. Beginning in February, Smoken’ Joes BBQ in Brighton will begin to feature National Blues Acts on weekends. Second generation Bluesman Chris Beard, son of Joe Beard, will be the first presentation on February 26 th. Local guitarist Barry Anderson, with Rosy Rosenblatt on harp, Washtub Robbie on bass and Per Hanson on drums, open the night at 8 PM. Feed the Fire The Blues Trust needs your help to keep supporting the music and the musicians. It has been two years since the Blues Trust has presented live music, but our mission to assist musicians has and will endure only as long as we receive support. This non profit has functioned as a conduit for Blues info and support for over a decade. But as we look to the future of the music, the light is growing dim my friends. Nobody has picked up the role that we assumed; to honor and present the genuine Blues artists that defined the Genre. In order for us to sustain our effort we need the support of those that share this passion. In 2009 or assistance reached musicians locally and internationally. But without your help, 2010 will be the last year for the Blues Trust. It takes money to maintain website, phone, internet and postage costs. Not to mention the most important facet, providing emergency relief to our friends who provide us joy through their music. Please send whatever you can afford to keep the lines of support open. Any contribution of $25 or more will receive Live at the Boston Blues Festival Volume II . If you can only afford to buy the CD for 10 bucks, we will send it to you for free. It is no secret that Blues musicians can not make a living playing music in America. If you were a contributor to WGBH, because you enjoyed their Blues and Folk programming, you know that media outlet is yet one more resource for the music that has dried up. We may be preaching to the choir here, but if you are reading this and make the choice not to help us help, then you are determining the outcome of what happens to the future of the Blues. Send a contribution to the address above or visit the HELP page! Listen to WBRS True Blues each Wednesday from 10 AM - Noon ET. The playlist for December is available below: 1. Joe Louis Walker / Between a Rock and the Blues / Stony Plain 2. Long John Hunter / Looking for a Party / Blues Express 3. Chick Willis / Hit & Run Blues / Benevolent Blues 4. Bryan Lee / My Lady Don’t Love My Lady / Justin Time 5. Zora Young / French Connection / Delmark 6. Debbie Davies / Holding Court / Vizztone 7. Barbara Carr / Savvy Woman / CDS 8. MonkeyJunk / Tiger in Your Tank / Beefy 9. Jeff Healey / Songs From The Road / Ruf 10. Sean Costello / Sean’s Blues / Land Slide 11. Irma Thomas / 50 th Celebration / Rounder 12. Eugene Hideaway Bridges / Live in San Antonio / Armadillo 13. Enrico Crivellaro / Mojo Zone / Electro-Fi 14. The Racky Thomas Band / Hard Travelin’ / RT 15 . Robert Cray / This Time / Nozzle 16. Mark Hummel’s Chicago Blues Party / Montain Top 17. Watermelon Slim / Escape from the Chicken Coop / Northern Blues 18. Quintus McCormack / Hey Jodie! / Delmark 19. Pete Anderson / Even Things Up / Little Dog 20. Various / It Ain’t Over Yet-Delmark Celebrates 55 Years / Delmark 21. Radio Kings / Radio Kings / Gibralter 22. Duke Robillard / Tales From The Tiki Lounge / Blue Duchess 23. Matthew Stubbs / Soulbender / Vizztone 24. Victor Wainright & The Wild Roots / Beale St to the Bayou / VLW 25. Henry Gray & The Cats / Times Are Gettin’ Hard / Lucky Cat Blues Trust News 12-4-09 The year is winding down and we have some great shows to tell you about. Some Blues friends are being recognized for their talent and some have scored Grammy nominations. (Your supposed to put a little © mark after that word!) Time to enjoy the company of loved ones and good music!   Cover Boy The Blues is all about overcoming adversity and persevering in the face of negativity. One of our favorite artists has been doing that for 53 years. Chick Willis, a 2001 Blues Trust Lifetime Achievement Award recipient is on the cover of the latest issue of Living Blues magazine. The article is a must read as the Georgia native espouses on what is right and wrong with the current state of the genre. Chick has never been one to hold back and not everyone will agree with his opinions, but he is one of the few that can offer a unique and qualified perspective of what is real and what is fluff. His current Benevolent Blues release, Hit & Run Blues spent 3 months on top of the WBRS True Blues playlist and was reviewed in the September edition of Blues Trust News. Do yourself a favor and pick up the latest Living Blues and read what one of the most overlooked Blues talents has to say. While you’re at it, give yourself and a friend a subscription as a holiday present. The Nominees Are… Duke Robillard’s Stony Plain release, Stomp! The Blues Tonight has been nominated for a Grammy in the Best Traditional Blues Album category. In the Best Contemporary Blues Album category Susan Tedeschi and husband Derek Trucks are both nominated! Talk about a family rivalry! Live Blues For those in the Chicago area there is a great twin bill at SPACE in Evanston. Hubert Sumlin and The Nighthawks take the stage tonight. You can bet Dave Specter will jump up there with Hubert too. The Bull Run in Shirley has some great shows lined up; tonight it is Bill Kirchen and tomorrow night Tom Rush. Savoy Brown plays on December 11th, Paul Geremia on the 18th and Roomful of Blues on the 19th. Their New Years Eve party this year is with James Montgomery with Johnny A and The Uptown Horns. Joe Louis Walker is at the Bull Run on January 16th. There are lots of choices for live music tomorrow night. World Class Blues comes to Weymouth? Bob Margolin plays the Next Page Café with special guests Ron Levy and Rosy Rosenblatt. Duke Robillard plays Levon Helm’s Midnight Ramble in Woodstock, NY tomorrow night. Closer to home, down on Beale, er, Moody Street in Waltham, Trick Bag plays Jake’s Dixie Roadhouse Saturday night Matthew Stubbs and Sax Gordon play Toad next Wednesday December 9th. The Stubbies Jam continues each Monday night at Jake’s. At Jake's on Wednesday the 16th it’s the 4th Annual Xmas Blues Bash and Jam with Matthew Stubbs and the Stubbies, featuring Nick Moss. It is Nick’s only New England stop in December. Sugar Ray & the Bluetones play the Knickerbocker Café in Westerly, RI on December 26th and Duke Robillard plays their New Year’s Eve bash. That’s a lot of live music; go out and get ya sum! If you don’t want to fight the Mall Mania and want to give the gift of music, reply to this email for a special buy one get one FREE offer on Live at he Boston Blues Festival Volume II . Two CDs for 15 bucks, we pay the shipping and you don’t have to leave your house; except to support live music. Happy Holidays from the Blues Trust! Listen to WBRS True Blues each Wednesday from 10 AM - Noon ET. The playlist for November is available below: 1. Joe Louis Walker / Between a Rock and the Blues / Stony Plain 2. Chick Willis / Hit & Run Blues / Benevolent Blues 3. Long John Hunter / Looking for a Party / Blues Express 4. The Racky Thomas Band / Hard Travelin’ / RT 5. John Primer / All Original / Blues House 6. Quintus McCormack / Hey Jodie! / Delmark 7. Radio Kings / Radio Kings / Gibralter 8. MonkeyJunk / Tiger in Your Tank / Beefy 9. Jeff Healey / Songs From The Road / Ruf 10. Irma Thomas / 50 th Celebration / Rounder 11. Sean Costello / Sean’s Blues / Land Slide 12. Eugene Hideaway Bridges / Live in San Antonio / Armadillo 13. Debbie Davies / Holding Court / Vizztone 14. Zora Young / French Connection / Delmark 15 . Robert Cray / This Time / Nozzle 16. Mark Hummel’s Chicago Blues Party / Montain Top 17. Maria Muldaur / Garden of Joy / Stony Plain 18. Davis Coen / Ill Disposition / 219 19. Pete Anderson / Even Things Up / Little Dog 20. Enrico Crivellaro / Mojo Zone / Electro-Fi 21. Henry Gray & The Cats / Times Are Gettin’ Hard / Lucky Cat 22. Duke Robillard / Tales From The Tiki Lounge / Blue Duchess 23. Matthew Stubbs / Soulbender / Vizztone 24. Victor Wainright & The Wild Roots / Beale St to the Bayou / VLW 25. Darrell Nulisch / Just For You / Severn Blues Trust News 11-5-09 The leaves are gone, the days are short and the Blues are here for you. Lots of good shows this month and new recorded music. Here’s the November issue of Blues Trust News. Live Blues There are two interesting shows this weekend involving the Ten Foot Polecats. Saturday night they play Gilrein’s in Worcester with Jon Short and Kent Burnside; Grandson of R.L. Burnside. Sunday at Harpers Ferry it’s the Ten Foot Polecats, Kent Burnside and Whoa! Man! Jesus! South of Boston, the Fall Fling is a Swing Dance held at the Dedham Hilton on Saturday November 7th. It features the Roger Ceresi All-Stars. Lessons at 8, band 9-12. This Friday night November 6th, Trick Bag plays the Hynes Tavern, 467 Gorham Ave in Lowell, which is located just off the Lowell Connector. This Sunday, Parker Wheeler's Blues Party features Diane Blue on vocals and harmonica, and Roberto Morbioli on guitar and vocals. The Grog 13 Middle Street, Newburyport, MA, Music 6pm to 10pm Brendan Hogan is at Toad on Tuesdays all this month On Friday November 13th Blind Lemon Aid presents Music 4 Heroes; a night of Rock, Blues Country and Soul featuring Tim Pike, Mr. Nick and the Dirty Tricks, Mike O'Connell, Lydia Warren and Brian Templeton. It’s at the Manchester, NH American Legion Post #2, located at 251 Maple Street. On Saturday November 14th the Scissormen make it back to town for a show at the Lizard Lounge, 1667 Mass Ave in Cambridge with Peter Parcek and the Ten Foot Polecats. If you are in Clarksdale, MS this Friday night, there is a reception for Give My Poor Heart Ease: Voices of the Mississippi Blues at the Delta Blues Museum. There will be 45 prints on display from the book by William Ferris. The author will be on hand to sign copies of this book. Helping Hand The Blues Trust is received news recently that Toronto based Blues Bassman Alec Fraser is sick with a serious bacterial infection. Alec is best known for his years as a Bass player for the Jeff Healey Band and as a Producer. He produced the Songs From the Road release, the Jeff Healey Band’s recent live recording and has done numerous sessions for the Electro-Fi label. He has been unable to work and there have been benefits in Toronto to offset his lost wages and cover his expenses. The Blues Trust sent a contribution and suggests if you’d like to help, we would be glad to forward your donation. You can either contribute directly by making a check payable to Alec Fraser and we will forward it to him or payable to: Blues Trust Productions - 75 Altamont Avenue - Melrose , MA 02176 Please include the notation “Alec Fraser relief effort” and we will donate the full amount to the cause.   Sad News Longtime friend and Blues Trust contributor Robert Ricciardelli passed away on Monday November 2nd. Rob died suddenly from complications related to Type 1 Diabetes. He attended Mass College of Art and received a Master of Fine Arts degree from Temple University and was an expert in the art of glass blowing and a talented finish carpenter. Without friends like Rob, there would have never been a Boston Blues Festival and for his support, we are eternally grateful. Thanks The Blues Trust wishes to acknowledge and thank the Westford Rotary and Blues N’ Brews Festival for their kind donation. It allows us to continue sending you the Blues Trust News, to maintain our website and most importantly, assist those that bring us great music. On Disc MONKEYJUNK Tiger in Your Tank - This Ottawa trio is a high energy boogie based outfit that has successfully transferred their stage presence to this recording. They pay homage to the Masters with covers (the title track is a Willie Dixon tune) and a mixture of solid originals. This disc flows with an authenticity that makes it a pleasure to play. Debbie Davies Holdin’ Court - Debbie Davies has always been a fan of instrumental guitar, showcasing Freddie King tunes on her earlier recordings. Holdin’ Court is her ode to the late 50s early 60s era of instrumental Rock and Blues. For the most part these are all originals, with her spin on some covers, including Fishnet by Duke Robillard, Little Johnny Taylor’s If You Love Me Like You Say (a staple of her former bandleader Albert Collins)   Things About Comin’ My Way - A Tribute to the Music of the Mississippi Sheiks - Sittin’ On Top of the World , also known as Some Summer Day, is one of the most heavily covered songs of all times. Their influence on Delta Blues is indisputable. This offering comprises 17 tracks by various talented performers, some, like Bruce Cockburn and Bill Frisell, who you don’t normally associate with Blues. Also on the recording are Geoff Muldaur, John Hammond, Bob Brozman, The Carolina Chocolate Drops and Canada’s excellent Sojourners. Maria Muldaur Garden of Joy - Muldaur returns to her Jug Band roots, back when she performed with David Grisman and John Sebastian in the Even Dozen Jug Band. She also receives inspiration and contributions from Taj Mahal, Dan Hicks and Jim Kweskin. If you missed the revival the first time around, get hip to these two great odes to the Jug Band for a better understanding of the Blues origins. . Boston Blues Festival Memory During Boston Blues Week 2000, the Blues Trust presented the Boston Blues Festival Blowout at Boston’s Berklee performance Center. Harmonica heroes Billy Boy Arnold, Kim Wilson and Jerry Portnoy were the featured performers. But looking back, we assembled a fairly stout pack of guitarists that night. Duke Robillard accompanied Billy Boy during his set, Kirk Fletcher played guitar with Kim Wilson and Troy Gonyea with Portnoy. Seeing the three go toe to toe during the finale was almost as good as the three harp legends going at it until something had to blow. Wilson’s amp did and was literally smoking by show's end! Listen to WBRS True Blues each Wednesday from 10 AM - Noon ET. The playlist for October is available below: 1. Chick Willis / Hit & Run Blues / Benevolent Blues 2. Joe Louis Walker / Between a Rock and The Blues / Stony Plain 3. Maria Muldaur / Good Music for Hard Times / Stony Plain 4. Robert Cray / This Time / Nozzle 5. John Primer / All Original / Blues House 6. MonkeyJunk / Tiger in Your Tank / Beefy 7. Various / Tribute to the Music of the MS Sheiks / Black Hen 8. Debbie Davies / Holding Court / Vizztone 9. The Racky Thomas Band / Hard Travelin’ / RT 10. Irma Thomas / 50 th Celebration / Rounder 11. Marquis Knox / Man Child / APO 12. Matthew Stubbs / Soulbender / Vizztone 13. Jim Kweskin / Enjoy Yourself / Blix Street Records 14. Eddie C. Campbell / Tear This World Up / Delmark 15 . Coco Montoya / The Essential Coco Montoya / Blind Pig 16. Tinsley Ellis / Speak No Evil / Alligator 17. Sean Costello / Sean’s Blues / Land Slide 18. Darrell Nulisch / Just For You / Severn 19. Radio Kings / Radio Kings / Gibralter 20. Enrico Crivellaro / Mojo Zone / Electro-Fi 21. Henry Gray & The Cats / Times Are Gettin’ Hard / Lucky Cat 22. Al Basile / Soul Blue 7 / Sweetspot 23. Long John Hunter / Looking for a Party / Blues Express 24. Doug Deming / Falling Through the Cracks / Mighty Tiger 25. Jeff Healey / Songs From The Road / Ruf 10-2-09 Lots of great shows and new Blues to tell you about; make sure to support the artists and the venues that present them by going to a show and buying yourself some new Blues! Live Blues The Regattabar in the Charles Hotel in Harvard Square has some good shows early this month. Saturday night October 5th Rick Estrin and the Nightcats visit. Wednesday October 7th Mark Hummel’s Harmonica Blowout rolls into town. This time around Lee Oskar and Billy Branch join Hummel and his band. Both shows start at 7:30. Johnny D’s in Davis Square has Blues mid month and at the end. The Radio Kings play on Friday October 16th at 9:45, the next night Toni Lynn Washington plays an early set at 7 PM. At the end of the month, Duke Robillard plays Friday October 30 th. This Sunday at the Knickerbocker Café in Westerly RI, the Christina Family presents a benefit show featuring: Johnny and The East Coast Rockers, Young Neal and The Vipers w/ Dave Howard, Jeff Pitchell and Texas Flood, Brian Templeton of The Radio Kings, Lisa Marie, Bob and Fran Christina and The Don’t Taser Me Bro Band, Kid Bangham of The Fabulous T-Birds. Many surprise guest musicians including Greg Piccolo, Sugar Ray Norcia and other Roomful alumni. Proceeds from the show benefit Hospice of RI. Commander Cody is there on the 10 th and Sugar Ray & The Bluetones play the Knick on Saturday the 24th. Trick Bag plays Jake’s Dixie Roadhous e on Moody Street in Waltham this Saturday night. The Stubbies continue with their Jams at Jake’s every Monday night. At the Bull Run in Shirley, MA Maria Muldaur & Her Garden of Joy celebrate the release of her Jugband CD, which returns her to the roots of her career. She performs on Friday, October 30th. The next night Ronnie Earl plays the Bull Run. The venue recently has been renovated, including a new Garden Patio. Visit their site and check out the improvements and some of the vintage photos of a place that has been “Serving the Tired, Thirsty, Traveller since 1740! On Disc Some recommended recordings to pass our way recently: Joe Louis Walker / Between a Rock and a Hard Place / Stony Plain: recorded in Rhode Island with Duke Robillard’s band and in LA with Kevin Eubanks. Walker grew up in the Bay Area listening to and befriending a wide divergence of music and musicians. He incorporates it all into his own soulful style. He’s always been on the cusp of stardom and talent has never been the mitigating factor, it’s simply a matter of the exposure allowed to artists like Walker. Favorite track: I’m Tide Darrell Nulisch / Just For You / Severn: Nulisch recorded this with his longtime band, which still includes Fabulous Thunderbirds guitarist Johnny Moeller. Favorite track: It’s a Shame. John Primer / All Original / Blues House: Solid Chicago Blues from a veteran of theWindy City scene. Favorite track: Goin’ Back to Mississippi. Listen to WBRS True Blues each Wednesday from 10 AM - Noon ET. The playlist for September is available below: 1. Chick Willis / Hit & Run Blues / Benevolent Blues 2. Robert Cray / This Time / Nozzle 3. John Primer / All Original / Blues House 4. Marquis Knox / Man Child / APO 5. Jeff Healey / Songs From The Road / Ruf 6. Mark Hummel / Chicago Blues Party / Mountain Top 7. Matthew Stubbs / Soulbender / Vizztone 8. Jim Kweskin / Enjoy Yourself / Blix Street Records 9. The Racky Thomas Band / Hard Travelin’ / RT 10. Irma Thomas / 50 th Celebration / Rounder 11. Various / Tribute to the Music of the MS Sheiks / Black Hen 12. Walter Trout / Unspoiled by Progress / Provogue 13. Mark Hummel / Odds and Ends / RRY 14. Ronnie Earl / Living in the Light / Stony Plain 15 . Joe Louis Walker / Between a Rock and The Blues / Stony Plain 16. Jim Byrnes / My Walking Stick / Black Hen 17. Eddie C. Campbell / Tear This World Up / Delmark 18. Darrell Nulisch / Just For You / Severn 19. The Dirty Mac Blues Band / Victory Bar / Self Released 20. Johnny Rawls / Ace of Spades / Cat Food 21. Henry Gray & The Cats / Times Are Gettin’ Hard / Lucky Cat 22. Radio Kings / Radio Kings / Gibralter 23. Maria Muldaur / Good Music for Hard Times / Stony Plain 24. Doug Deming / Falling Through the Cracks / Mighty Tiger 25. Filisko & Noden / I.C. Special / Filisko-Noden Records 9-3-09 State of the Blues Trust We had a feeling we were in for bad news and last month the axe fell. Although the Blues Trust was notified by the Massachusetts Cultural Council that we were scheduled for level funding during this grant cycle, we have been deemed ineligible. Because our fundraising did not meet the threshold for eligibility, the $2000 or so we were entitled to have been withheld. Rules, rules, rules! Although we have not presented the Boston Blues Festival since 2007, BMI is still looking to boost their coffers at our expense. Even when it’s over, it’s not over. These are the issues and challenges, which all add up to sap the passion from the effort to promote the Blues genre and assist those entrusted with its legacy. The mission will continue, through publicity and assistance to those like minded souls who share our vision. Just don’t ask us if we are planning another free Boston Blues Festival! Live Blues The Rhythm and Roots Festival is at Ninigret Park in Charlestown, Rhode Island this weekend. Performers include Hot Tuna, Tab Benoit, Mitch Woods and his Rocket 88s and the Nouveaux Honkies, in addition to the large number of Cajun and Zydeco artists. The event has multiple stages, including children and family focused programming. For ticket info and full list of artists and set times, visit rhythmandroots.com. Great festivals like Rhythm and Roots that pull in National Acts, also insure that they will have some alternative gigs somewhere else in New England. That somewhere else in this case is the C-Not on Nantasket Beach in Hull. Tab play there Friday night and Mitch Woods is there Saturday. Back in Rhode Island, at the Knickerbocker Café, Sugar Ray and the Bluetones take the stage this Saturday night. Marcia Ball visits Saturday, September 19 th. The Knickerbocker is located at 33 Railroad Ave in Westerly, RI. Musician and Producer Tom Hambridge is returning to his native Baystate from Nashville for a show in Haverhill on September 12 th at Mal’s Jazz and Blues. Tom was producer of Buddy Guy’s award winning recording Skin Deep. Mal’s is located at 77 Washington Street; TH and his Rattlesnakes hit the stage at 8 PM. There are a couple of must see shows coming to the Bull Run in Shirley this month. Junior Brown performs on Sunday September 20 th. On Saturday, September 26 th, it’s Blues Trust Lifetime Achievement Award recipient Luther Guitar Junior Johnson. Both shows start at 8 PM. On Disc The Racky Thomas band just released a great new disc titled Hard Travelin’. Horns by the Aruda brothers and Matt McCabe on piano add a full sound to Racky’s latest. The thirteen tunes include covers by Jimmy Rogers, Howlin’ Wolf, Champion Jack Dupree and Muddy Waters. Racky has always been able to find ways in his own songs to include passages and lyrics that are derivatives of the Masters. This has always been the case since W.C. Handy happened upon a Bluesman playing a guitar with a knife on a train platform. The perfect example is If My Luck Don’t Change”, which runs down the same track as Earl Hooker’s The Misfit. Hard Travelin’ is another great recording by a local treasure. Other Blues recordings that we recommend lately are a pair from Mark Hummel of earlier recordings. Mark Hummel’s Chicago Blues Party and Odds and Ends feature great playing from artists like Eddie Taylor, Jimmy Rogers, Rusty Zinn, Paris Slim, Jimmy Bott, Kid Anderson and Sue Foley. Ruf Records just released a live recording by Jeff Healey titled, Songs From the Road. The disc was recorded in London, Toronto and Norway and produced by Jeff’s bass player Alec Fraser, who sings on Cream’s White Room. Randy Bachman plays guitar on Hoochie Coochie Man. The recording has a couple of Beatle covers; Come Together and While My Guitar Gently Weeps and the Allman Brothers Whipping Post is sung by keyboardist Dave Murphy. Chick Willis, who played the Boston Blues Festival just days after 9/11, just released Hit & Run Blues on the West Coast Benevolent Blues label. The Blues Trust Lifetime Achievement Award recipient is sounding as sharp and sassy as ever, even after 53 years in the Blues. He remakes his bawdy Stoop Down Baby into Stoop Down Low. Another ribald tune is 1, 2,3,4,5 Shots of Whiskey. Merle Haggard’s Today I Started Loving You Again is covered by Chick. What sometimes gets lost when people are giggling at his lyrics is the great tone Willis gets for his guitar. Chick is one of the true rascals of the Blues and a vastly underrated and unrewarded performer. Listen to WBRS True Blues each Wednesday from 10 AM - Noon EDT. The playlist for August is available below: 1.     Chick Willis / Hit & Run Blues / Benevolent Blues 2.       Robert Cray / This Time / Nozzle 3.       Jeff Healey / Songs From The Road / Ruf 4.       Enrico Crivellaro / Mojo Zone / Electro-Fi 5.       Jim Kweskin / Enjoy Yourself / Blix Street Records 6.       John Primer / All Original / Blues House 7.       Matthew Stubbs / Soulbender / Vizztone 8.       Watermelon Slim / Escape The Chicken Coup / Northern Blues 9.      Eddie C. Campbell / Tear This World Up / Delmark 10.   Nick Moss / Live at Chans, Combo Platter No. 2 / Blue Bella 11.   Louisiana Red / Back to the Black Bayou / Ruf 12.   Walter Trout / Unspoiled by Progress / Provogue 14.   Davis Coen / Magnolia Land / Soundview 15 .   Fiona Boyes / Blues Woman / Yellow Dog 16.   Shirley Johnson / Blues Attack / Delmark 17.   Marquis Knox / Man Child / APO 18.   Mark Hummel / Chicago Blues Party / Mountain Top 19.   Brophy Dale / Nighthawkin’ / Rimba 20.   The Dirty Mac Blues Band / Victory Bar / Self Released 21.   Henry Gray & The Cats / Times Are Gettin’ Hard / Lucky Cat 22.   Jim Byrnes / My Walking Stick20/ Black Hen 23.   Eric Lindell / Gulf Coast Highway / Alligator 24.    Zora Young / Sunnyland / Airway 25.   Chase the Sun / Self – Titled / CTS 8-4-09 With the demise of CD sales and record store closings, Burnside Distributors has opted to cease distribution of Live at the Boston Blues Festival Volume II. What this means to us is once again we are on our own. The good news is, since we are no longer sharing a piece of the pie with two other parties, more pie for us and cheaper prices for you! We are selling the disc directly through the Blues Trust website for the flat fee of 10 bucks. No taxes. No Shipping fee. That’s a lot of Blues for a Ten-Spot. Follow the ordering info above and get about a dozen.. August Blues Fests Some great Blues Festivals are on tap for August in the Baystate and two are on the same weekend!. The Blues N’ Brews Fest comes to Nashoba Valley Ski Area on Saturday August 22nd. For those who purchase in advance, not only do you save $5 on the Gate price, you get to hear Lydia Warren’s acoustic set at 11:30 AM. Festival is from Noon to 7 PM featuring Nick Moss and the Flip Tops, with special guest Lurrie Bell. Nick will be a guest on WBRS True Blues on Wednesday, August 19, between 11:30 and Noon. Also appearing are Albert Cummings, The Ricky King Russell Band featuring Daniel Banks and the Cadillac Horns, The Chris Fitz Band and The Delta Generators. The event benefits local animal welfare groups and the Blues Trust. We’re pleased to be in their company! Besides great Blues, the event also has Beer Tasting: 25-40 regional & craft breweries, BBQ, crafts & vendor booths, a Food Drive – bring nonperishable food items, a raffle; the grand prize is an autographed guitar donated by The Minor Chord and many more prizes. Tickets are $30 in advance, $35 at the gate. For tickets and info, log on to bluesnbrews or call 978-692-3033. Blues Trust News readers can get a Free Commemorative Cup while supplies last! In order to get the free cup, you MUST order tickets through the following link: Blues Trust freebie NOTE: This is a SUPER SECRET OFFER - even the folks at Nashoba Ski Area don't know about it, so don't bother calling them. The only way to get it is to buy your tickets using the special link, AND get your order in while supplies last. (SUPPLIES ARE LIMITED.) DISCLAIMER :  The Secret Order page will be deactivated once our supply of cups runs out. However, it's possible an order could sneak through before the deactivation. Bottom line: we can't absolutely guarantee everyone who clicks the link will get a free cup. But you certainly have nothing to lose, since it's not costing you one penny more! So hurry and order your tickets now for best chance of getting a free cup! The next day, Sunday August 23rd it’s the North River Blues Festival , held at the Marshfield Fair. Headliner is Charlie Musselwhite, with Matthew Stubbs on lead guitar. Also appearing are Lil’ Ed and The Blues Imperials, Johnny Hoy and the Bluefish, The Racky Thomas Band, Basic Black and The Dave Richardson Band. The Festival runs from Noon to 7:30, tickets are $10 and include admission to the fair. For more info and to order tickets, log on to rhythmroomrecords.com . The next Sunday, August 30th, at the same site, it’s the Green Harbor Roots and Blues Festival. The lineup is Terrence Simien, Entrain, Danny Tucker and Vibe Tribe, Memphis Rockabilly Band, The Rampage Trio and the Porch Rockers. Local Scene A couple of good hangs to hear good music: Smoken’ Joe’s BBQ and Blues, 351 Washington Street, Brighton. 617-871-1144. Joe’s has live music 6 nights a week, beer and BBQ. How can you go wrong? Sitting in with Brain Templeton, Alizon Lissance and Enrico Crivellaro recently was 17 year old guitar sensation Noe Socha. The blind Bologna Italy based sensation has been in Boston attending summer classes at Berklee. He has a finger style very reminiscent of Clarence Gatemouth Brown. Looking over his shoulder at Smoken’ Joe’s was a poster from the New Orleans Jazz and Heritage Festival. The poster is an image of Gatemouth! Coincidence? I think not! Monday nights, the Stubbies Jam has been cooking at Jake’s Dixie Roadhouse on Moody Street in Waltham. Matt is usually there, flying out to weekend gigs with Musselwhite, but returning in time to get the night going with a ½ hour set of instrumental Blues. Today, he is in the studio, finishing up tracks for his second Vizztone release. Some recent jammers included Blues Trust Lifetime Achievement Award recipient Shirley Lewis and down from Maine behind the drums, the one and only Per Hanson. The jam starts at 9:30. These hangs are free of charge. Support the artists and fine establishments by patronizing the venues, eat, drink and leave big tips! Your support goes a long way at making sure that the music and places that present the artists thrive and continue. You will be rewarded with good times and smiles that last for days. Listen to WBRS True Blues each Wednesday from 10 AM - Noon EDT. The playlist for July is available below. 1. Enrico Crivellaro / Mojo Zone / Electro-Fi 2. The Dirty Mac Blues Band / Victory Bar / Self Released 3. Louisiana Red / Back to the Black Bayou / Ruf 4. Radio Kings / Radio Kings / Gibralter 5. Henry Gray & The Cats / Times Are Gettin’ Hard / Lucky Cat 6. Duke Robillard / Stomp! The Blues Tonight / Stony Plain 7. Davis Coen / Magnolia Land / Soundview 8. Dave Alvin / Ashgrove / Yep Roc 9. Ronnie Earl / Living in the Light / Stony Plain 10. Nick Moss / Live at Chans, Combo Platter No. 2 / Blue Bella 11. Marc Benno / I Got It Bad / Blue Skunk 12. Rick Estrin & The Nightcats / Twisted / Alligator 13. Joe Louis Walker / Witness to the Blues / Stony Plain 14. Jim Byrnes / My Walking Stick / Black Hen 15 . Fiona Boyes / Blues Woman / Yellow Dog 16. Various / Delmark Celebrates 55 Years of Blues / Delmark 17. Cyril Neville / Brand New Blues / MC 18. Sammon/Holland / 190 Proof Blues / Self Released 19. Matthew Stubbs / Soulbender / Vizztone 20. Homemande Jamz / I Got Blues For You / Northern Blues 21. Nicole Hart / Treasure / Blues Leaf 22. Eddie C. Campbell / Tear This World Up / Delmark 23. Buckwheat Zydeco / Lay Your Burden Down / Alligator 24. Roy Rogers / Split Decision / Blind Pig 25. Chase the Sun / Self – Titled / CTS 7-1-09 The second half of 2009 brings us some great music; both live and recorded. Read on about new releases from Duke Robillard and Ronnie Earl, the return of Enrico Crivellaro to North America and visits from Louisiana Red and Joe Louis Walker. Celebrate America’s Independence by exercising your right to assemble freely at a Blues show near you! Blues at Your Door This is the time of year when crowds tend to thin at live music venues as patrons pursue summertime entertainment elsewhere. Which means it is a great time for staycation music lovers to check out some live Blues. In addition to Blues festivals, there are several great shows this month in Boston and beyond. Enrico Crivellaro is playing both the Montreal Jazz Fest and Mont Tremblant Blues Festival in Canada. But in between you have a great opportunity to see him in the Boston area. He is the special guest with Brian Templeton on Friday July 3rd at the Woburn Sons of Italy Club, 168 Lexington Street. It’s an early show, starting at 8 PM and goes until midnight. On the 4th Enrico is playing with the same band at a private party, with Matthew Stubbs also slated to perform. Who needs fireworks when two of the world’s best young instrumental based guitar players take the stage? Louisiana Red and David Maxwell play the Regattabar at the Charles Hotel in Harvard Square Cambridge on July 7 at 7:30. David joined Red on stage at the Boston Blues Festival and can be heard on Live at the Boston Blues Festival Volume II, performing Cotton Pickin’ Blues. That performance led to a recording project the two collaborated on when we flew Red back to Boston for the CD release concert. Expect the unexpected when Red picks up a guitar! Also coming to the Regattabar on July 23 is the great Joe Louis Walker. He collaborated with Duke Robillard on the Stony Plain release Witness to the Blues, which Duke also produced. The instrumental Highview is a standout. Walker, who is based in the Bay Area doesn’t get to Boston very often, so don’t miss this opportunity to see one of today’s best contemporary Blues guitarists. Other highlights on the July calendar at the Regattabar include Dave Alvin on the15th and Buckwheat Zydeco on July 21. Pick a show and go! Duke Trumps Earl? We never saw the value of music as competition, despite the proliferation of Blues battles. But when a record label (in this case, Canada’s Stony Plain) releases recordings by two of the world’s premier Blues guitarists simultaneously, they intentionally or not, invite comparison and competition. When it comes to availability of airtime, choices about what to play have to be made. Ronnie Earl and Duke Robillard live 50 miles apart in New England. Their careers have taken similar paths and although their musical styles vary, there have always been comparisons due to their virtuosity. The following is one Blues programmer's reasoning why one disc received more spins than the other for the month of June. Duke Robillard’s Stomp! The Blues Tonight harkens back to his time of fronting Rhode Island’s Roomful of Blues and includes some of the veterans of that musical institution he started so many years ago. Sunny Crownover adds a female touch to vocals on six of the recordings sixteen tracks. Roy Milton, Lowell Fulson, Johnny Guitar Watson and Ike Turner covers are recrafted by Duke on the disc, which also includes three Robillard originals. Ronnie Earl’s music is largely instrumental. There are guest vocalists on Living in the Light, including Kim Wilson on three songs; Dave Keller on two tracks and one gets a full choir treatment. All but three of the disc’s twelve songs are written by Earl and touch on familiar themes from the artist, such as healing, recovery, hope and paying homage to musical heroes. Both discs are stellar, but with time restraints on radio, shorter songs usually find more favor. No run time listing on the Ronnie Earl disc is another no no for DJs looking to hit an hour’s marks and doesn’t help when it comes to a decision on what to play. In short, Duke’s disc is more accessible in content and format and was aired four to one over Earl's last month on the WBRS True Blues radio show. Listen to WBRS True Blues each Wednesday from 10 AM - Noon EDT. The playlist for June is available below. 1. Enrico Crivellaro / Mojo Zone / Electro-Fi 2. Rick Estrin & The Nightcats / Twisted / Alligator 3. Duke Robillard / Stomp! The Blues Tonight / Stony Plain 4. The Dirty Mac Blues Band / Victory Bar / Self Released 5. Davis Coen / Magnolia Land / Soundview 6. Nick Moss / Live at Chans, Combo Platter No. 2 / Blue Bella 7. Radio Kings / Radio Kings / Gibralter 8. Cyril Neville / Brand New Blues / MC 9. Louisiana Red / Back to the Black Bayou / Ruf 10. Doug Cox & Salil Bhatt / Slide to Freedon V2 / Northern Blues 11. Clarence Dobbins / The Uprising / CDS 12. Shawn Pittman / Meridian / Self Released 13. Sammon/Holland / 190 Proof Blues / Self Released 14. Roy Rogers / Split Decision / Blind Pig 15. Homemande Jamz / I Got Blues For You / Northern Blues 16. Barbara Carr / Savvy Woman / CDS 17. Ronnie Earl / Living in the Light / Stony Plain 18. Buckwheat Zydeco / Lay Your Burden Down / Alligator 19. Matthew Stubbs / Soulbender / Vizztone 20. Various / Delmark Celebrates 55 Years of Blues / Delmark 21. Greg Nagy / Walk That Fine Thin Line / Big O 22. Eddie C. Campbell / Tear This World Up / Delmark 23. Henry Gray / Times Are Getting Hard / Lucky Cat 24. Commander Cody / Dopers, Drunks & Everyday Losers / Blind Pig 25. Big Pete Pearson / Finger in Your Eye / Vizztone 6-8-09 The Blues Trust is partnering with the Westford Rotary Club to help promote the Blues N Brews Festival at Nasboba Valley Ski Area. The Club has designated the Blues Trust as one of its many beneficiaries of the event. So mark your calendar for August 22 and tell all your friends there’s a party going on! Blues N Brews Festival Nashoba Valley Westford, MA 2009 Blues N Brews Lineup While waiting for the gates to open and picking up your ticket, you can listen to Lydia Warren’s solo acoustic set. The on stage acts begin with The Delta Generators followed by The Chris Fitz Band, Ricky King Russell Band featuring Daniel Banks and the Cadillac Horns, Blind Pig recording artist Albert Cummings and Blue Bella Records’ Nick Moss & the Flip Tops with special guest Lurrie Bell. This is always a real fun event (might have something to do with all the great beer!) Steve Gates does a superb job with the sound and Kathi and John have been working hard all year to bring you a great time. Come out and enjoy yourself and prove that you appreciate and want Blues music events now and in the future. In short; help us to help them, so they can help us! And remember, if they can’t pay the bills, NOBODY benefits. So do your part and come out and drink up! Cultural Data Project MCC redesigns Organizational Support As and arts organization, one of the roles of the Blues Trust is to advocate for arts funding by communicating to legislators and arts councils the need to recognize the value of America’s original music. We have made our agenda known; to support Blues music. By keeping Blues visible through publicity and performance, we endeavor to claim a share of the money earmarked for arts funding. It is satisfying to see that somebody is listening. It is critical for citizens to speak up when they feel they are not being served by their government. Conversely and just as important, when positive progress is being made, it is equally important to acknowledge and credit those efforts. Such is the case with the Massachusetts Cultural Council and their goal of maximizing their effecincy and becoming a more user friendly entity. Rather than a grantor and grantee relationship, they are moving towards a climate of cultural partnerships with those entrusted with presenting the arts to the community. On Tuesday June 9, the Blues Trust is attending the introduction of the MCC’s new Cultural Data Project. It is a tool designed to track funding and its efficiency in arts organizations. At least as we understand it! After tomorrow’s program, we will have more news to share. The point is, that in this day and age, for a government agency to listen to the community it serves and make an effort to do better to meet those needs is exceptional. When we were presenting the Boston Blues Festival each September, the Blues Trust was always striving to improve upon and build on past programming. We added new elements, events, promotion and publicity strategies in an effort to grow. It is encouraging to see a likewise response. We look forward to being cultural partners with the MCC for a long time to come, as we strive to keep Blues music vital in modern American culture. Listen to WBRS True Blues each Wednesday from 10 AM - Noon EDT. The playlist for May is available below. 1. Cyril Neville / Brand New Blues / MC 2. The Dirty Mac Blues Band / Victory Bar / Self Released 3. Nick Moss / Live at Chans, Combo Platter No. 2 / Blue Bella 4. Enrico Crivellaro / Mojo Zone / Electro-Fi 5. Davis Coen / Magnolia Land / Soundview 6. Barbara Carr / Savvy Woman / CDS 7. Omar Kent Dykes / Big Town Playboy / Ruf 8. Commander Cody / Dopers, Drunks & Everyday Losers / Blind Pig 9. Linsey Alexander / My Days Are So Long / Hoochie Man 10. Buckwheat Zydeco / Lay Your Burden Down / Alligator 11. Clarence Dobbins / The Uprising / CDS 12. Shawn Pittman / Meridian / Self Released 13. Sammon/Holland / 190 Proof Blues / Self Released 14. Roy Rogers / Split Decision / Blind Pig 15 . Greg Nagy / Walk That Fine Line / Big O 16. John Nemeth / Love Me Tonight / Blind Pig 17. Mary Flower / Bridges / Yellow Dog 18. Nicole Hart / Treasure / Blues Leaf 19. Louisiana Red / Back to the Black Bayou / Ruf 20. Various / Chicago Blues Harmonica Project / Severn 21. Rick Estrin & The Nightcats / Twisted / Alligator 22. Elvin Bishop / The Blues Rolls On / Delta Groove 23. Richard Ray Farrell / Camino De Sanlucar / Blues Beet 24. Charles Wilson / Troubled Child / Severn 25. Joanne Shaw Taylor / White Sugar / Ruf 5-14-09 The Teddy Edition In the position as an advocate for Blues music and the musicians who play it, we have had to be the bearer of bad news over the years. Whether it is the closing of another venue, the termination of longstanding events or the death of an artist, it has never been a chore to cherish. But it has never been as difficult as having to share the news of the passing of Blues Trust Mascot , Teddy. Some of you may already have heard and some of you know of the special bond my sister Gail and I shared with Teddy. He was literally one third of the Blues Trust entourage! Words will never be an adequate vehicle to communicate the connection we had with Teddy. The irony is that the imperfection of language is never an issue between creatures that can’t talk. Their intelligence transcends the spoken word, although Teddy understood and obeyed numerous voice commands. Many will wonder where this edition of the Blues Trust News fits into the usual inform and promote format that you are accustomed to seeing. The purpose is to make an effort to convey Teddy’s importance to the Blues Trust by the role he played in our lives. To relate the true magnitude of his presence is the most challenging bit of writing that I have had to impart. Dog Gone Blues I’m sure many wonder, why the big fuss over a pet; what does a dog have to do with the Blues? The Blues has known Hound Dogs, Yard Dogs, Good Dogs and Bad Dogs. During the tenure of the Boston Blues Festival, the Blues Trust was lucky to have the companionship of Teddy B. Dog. He was named after Teddy Bliss, a friend, musician, Blues Trust volunteer and dog lover who decided he didn’t want to be in this world anymore. The Blues Trust established the Teddy Bliss Memorial Scholarship at Berklee College of Music in his honor. From the very beginning of the Boston Blues Festival, it was evident to those close to me that I was in way over my head. I have always been more of an idea man than an actual practitioner. My loving sister knew this well and did her best to instill some organizational skills to my scatterbrained schemes. I didn’t know how to type or use a computer and to this day, still have a drawer full of scraps of paper with notes and phone numbers written on them. The fact that we produced a free Blues Festival, (in the City of Boston no less) for twelve years, may be the biggest case of over achievement known to mankind! But the best way to learn something is to do it. We ventured outside of our skill set to take on the roles of fundraising, grant writing and promotion. Because we didn’t have a budget to pay for professionals, we became the accountant, lawyer and principals entrusted with interacting with numerous government agencies, corporations and individuals. All for the simple purpose of getting the Blues out in front of a larger audience than before we got involved. Many hours were spent in a spare bedroom/office making phone calls writing letters, pitching ideas and climbing a fiscal mountain each year to make the event a reality. I never considered myself to be that person, who assumed the many roles that I had to in order to facilitate the presentation of the music. But once you do something, people assume since it happened, you actually are that person. Teddy knew better. When too much time was spent in front of the computer, most of the time chasing dead ends, Teddy would stand in the doorway and just stare me down. If I didn’t get it, he would come in and put his head in my lap. It was the equivalent of a Mother saying, “OK, let’s see how fast we can get into our pajamas.” Teddy knew that each trip to the post office and the bank also meant a walk in the Middlesex Fells or the Groton Woods. These escapes to the woods, especially for the 18 months that Gail was living in Sweden, went a long way towards making sure that my head didn’t pop off. We lost a lot of friends along the way, that’s just the way it is when you present and honor veteran performers. Rosco Gordon and Brewer Phillips both died days before their scheduled performances. When a moment of silence was requested for Rosco from the Hatch Shell stage in his honor, a Red Tail Hawk circled the oval. At the funeral service for Howard Armstrong, a Red Tail Hawk perched on the cross at the entrance to the cemetery and then flew over the limousine as it left the graveyard. One rainy Blues Festival morning, I was lying in bed dreading hosting an event that I feared would not be well attended. I rose out of bed to see Gail and Teddy coming in the back gate, a Red Tail Hawk swooped directly above them. This reoccurring omen validated that we were on the righteous path and allowed us to overcome many seemingly insurmountable obstacles and rewarded our positive intent. In the last days of his life, Teddy came back to Melrose to die. The stairs at Gail’s in Cambridge were too daunting for a dog starving from the results of renal failure. After an ultrasound, the Vet could not understand how he was still alive. He lived another month after that. Gail pursued all avenues available to give him a chance to have more time with us. It would have been easier and many would have just given up. But we were raised to have respect and compassion for all creatures. Determination, honor and loyalty, especially during difficulty, are precisely the reasons the Boston Blues Festival endured for so long, despite long odds. I was full of pride and respect for the spirit that Gail exhibited during such a torturous ordeal. To watch someone you love dwindle away, losing their physical capabilities is not a pleasant experience. The family made Teddy as secure and comforted as possible as we did our best to ease his transition from this world and he fought hard to stay here with us. When dogs are ready to die, they usually separate from the pack to be alone. On his last day he climbed the stairs to my bedroom to be by my side, secure in the fact that he would get a ride back down in my arms. Many who saw Teddy behind the Blues Trust table at the fest thought that he was just a dog. I hope this explanation can begin to convey otherwise. We are still trying to understand the magic and the loss. Listen to WBRS True Blues each Wednesday from 10 AM - Noon EDT. The playlist for April is available below. 1. Shawn Pittman / Meridian / Self Released 2. Enrico Crivellaro / Mojo Zone / Electro-Fi 3. John Nemeth / Love Me Tonight / Blind Pig 4. Various / Chicago Blues, a Living History / Raisinmusic 5. Cyril Neville / Brand New Blues / MC 6. Barbara Carr / Savvy Woman / CDS 7. Nick Moss / Live at Chans, Combo Platter No. 2 / Blue Bella 8. The Dirty Mac Blues Band / Victory Bar / Self Released 9. James Cotton / Late Night Blues / Justin Time 10. Zora Young / Sunnyland / Airway 11. Elvin Bishop / The Blues Rolls On / Delta Groove 12. Various / Live at the Boston Blues Festival Volume II / Blues Trust 13. Jeff Beck / Performing this Week…Live at Ronnie Scotts / Eagle 14. John Hammond / Trouble No More / Pointblank 15 . Nicole Hart / Treasure / Blues Leaf 16. Sammon/Holland / 190 Proof Blues / Self Released 17. Various / Down the Dirt Road – Songs of Charley Patton / Telarc 18. Omar Kent Dykes / Big Town Playboy / Ruf 19. Julian Fauth / Ramblin’ Son / Electro-Fi 20. Marshall Lawrence / The Morning After / mapl 21. Richard Ray Farrell / Camino De Sanlucar / Blues Beet 22. Mary Flower / Bridges / Yellow Dog 23. Commander Cody / Dopers, Drunks & Everyday Losers / Blind Pig 24. Buddy Guy / Skin Deep / Silvertone 25. The Nighthawks / American Landscape / Powerhouse 4-7-09 Nine years ago this month I was on a pilgrimage with Bluesman Brian Templeton. I was returning to the Southern Italian village of Montefalcione, where my grandparents had immigrated from a century earlier. Only instead of the village in Avellino, I had received the wrong spelling and ended up an hour away in Montefalcone di Val Fortore in Benevento. This is close to where the Earthquake struck in central Italy. When we exited the Autostrada and paid our toll, there was a monk, who was also collecting money. Can you imagine that on the Mass Pike? Being so far from home, at the mercy of our own misdirection, we were in no position to deny that request. He uttered a phrase which I understood, although I do not speak Italian. I instantly recognized from my youth; “Buona Pasqua.” Happy Easter. For those in the middle of the devastation, it will be anything but. Blues Power The villages where the Earthquake struck are ancient. Narrow streets are lined with old structures and I can just imagine the difficulty that rescue workers have had getting to the injured. There are 100,000 without a place to live right now. Thousands are grieving for the victims and praying for the injured. The Molinara Crossroads Blues Festival is just 75K from the village I first visited on that spring day nine years ago. Antonello Belmonte has been updating us and what we can do to help. Many in the Boston area have roots in the region. Hopefully the Blues community will come together and show some compassion for those struggling to recover. You can make a direct deposit contribution to the following bank. Banca TERCAS SPA "Raccolta fondi pro terremotati d'Abruzzo" Codice Iban: IT 48 L 06060 15300 CC 090 005 35 65 presso Banca Tercas Spa Sede Teramo corso San Giorgio 36 - Teramo. Locally, Blues music is enabling the spirits of the less fortunate to be uplifted. Ruth Atherton’s organization, Raising the Blues , brings music to children with physical and mental disabilities, in hospitals and schools. They just presented a successful fundraiser at Arlington’s Regent Theatre. Also at the Regent, Peter Ward is presenting his annual tribute to his late wife, Blues DJ Mai Cramer. The 4th Annual Blues After Hours Benefit is on Saturday April 24 at 7:30. Proceeds after expenses will benefit the Massachusetts Breast Cancer Coalition. Follow the link above for this years’s lineup and ticket info. The Blues is also helping the environment. Tab Benoit’s Voice of the Wetland’s charity helps preserve the coastal wetlands of the Gulf Coast. There is a golf tournament fundraiser, held in conjunction with Tab’s two night stand at Chan’s in Woonsocket, RI. Here's the link for details on how you can golf with Tab and help the planet. Voice of The Wetlands Gold Tournament On Disc Speaking of Chan’s, Nick Moss just released his second live recording on Blue Bella Records .. Live at Chan’s: Combo Platter No. 2, features a guest appearance by Lurrie Bell. It comes in at just under 80 minutes of greasy goodness. Bell guests on some Chicago standards, Willie Dixon’s I’m Ready and the Eddie Boyd tune, Five Long Years. But it’s on his innovative instrumentals that Moss has always stood out and Spare Ribs and Chopsticks is another favorite. Listen to WBRS True Blues to hear the disc featured on Wednesday, April 8, from 10 AM - Noon EDT. The playlist for March is available below. WBRS True Blues Playlist for March 2009. Compiled by Greg Sarni 1. Enrico Crivellaro / Mojo Zone / Electro-Fi 2. Billy Flynn / Blues Drive / Land O’ Blues 3. John Nemeth / Love Me Tonight / Blind Pig 4. Zora Young / Sunnyland / Airway 5. Shemekia Copeland / Never Going Back / Telarc 6. Shawn Pittman / Meridian / Self Released 7. Jim Suhler and Monkey Beat / Tijuana Bible / Underworld 8. Travis Moonchild Haddix / Daylight at Midnight / Earwig 9. Julian Fauth / Ramblin’ Son / Electro-Fi 10. Shirley Johnson / Blues Attack / Delmark 11. Jeff Healy / Mess O’ Blues / Stony Plain 12. Buddy Guy / Skin Deep / Silvertone 13. Willie King / Living in a New World / Rooster 14. B.B. King / One Kind Favor / Geffen 15 . The Nighthawks / American Landscape / Powerhouse 16. Jeff Beck / Performing this Week…Live at Ronnie Scotts / Eagle 17. Matthew Stubbs / Soulbender / VizzTone 18. Dave Herrero / Austin to Chaicago / Hero 19. Julian Fauth / Songs of Vice and Sorrow / Electro-Fi 20. Damon Fowler / Sugar Shack / Blind Pig 21. Trick Bag / Hip Shot / Self Released 22. Root Doctor / Live at the Cadillac Club / Big O 23. Ten Foot Polecats / Sterno Soup / Self Released 24. Joe Louis Walker / Witness to the Blues / Stony Plain 25. Ruthie Foster / The Truth According To Ruthie Foster / Blue Corn 3-7-09 It is great to see friends doing well and we have good news to report from the West Coast and Padova, Italy. Eric Mofford a classmate from Emerson College has been making films, writing and directing since graduation. His ode to Blues and Trains, set in 1930’s Georgia won Best Narrative Short at the Big Muddy Film Festival. It was Eric’s first film out of College and set him on his path I have been crossing paths with Enrico Crivellaro for the past 15 years. We first met at the original House of Blues in Cambridge when he was a student of Ronnie Earl and was asked to sit in one night. His new release on Canada’s Electro-Fi Records, Mojo Zone is brilliant. We’re proud of and happy for our friends; read on to enjoy their talent. Travelin’ Trains Through the internet social networking site Facebook, I have been having a blast meeting new people and hooking up with old pals. One of those is Eric Mofford , originally form the Boston area, we attended Emerson College together in the early 80’s. While I was busy smoking and drinking inside Denis Leary’s Comedy Writing Class, Eric was studying filmmaking. Along with Eric, I also reconnected with his sister Lindsay , who is a film editor and Lincoln Morrison , who runs camera, lighting and sound. I recently ran across his first flick out of Emerson; Travelin’ Trains is a 30 minute 16 MM Black & White story, with Blues and Trains playing the story background in the search of Sam Unterman. You’ll wish the journey continued longer as you ride along with him as he tries to catch up with his past while learning how to catch a moving freight train. The other cool connection is that 2007 Blues Trust Lifetime Achievement Award recipient, Chicago Bob Nelson plays a rail worker named Timber. There is a lot of great Country Blues in the movie. Eric has given permission to watch the entire Travelin’ Trains for free. Follow the link to watch this cool tale. Mojo Zone After meeting Italian guitarist Enrico Crivellaro in Boston, when he was soaking up all the Blues he could find like a Deep Sea Sponge, I thought it was great to meet him and wished him well. Then about ten years back, while visiting my friend Desire (another acquaintance met at the House of Blues!) in Orange County, we went to see some Blues at the Blue Café in Long Beach. Jim, the drummer of that band recognized me; he had played with James Montgomery in the 80s. A familiar figure approached me and with an Italian accent said, “Greg! How you doing?” It was Enrico. After I returned to Boston I heard that Enrcio hooked on with Royal Crown Revue. He also played guitar for James Harman and Janiva Magness. He made a lot of friends on the West Coast, one of them, Finis Tasby sang on Enrcio’s Key to My Kingdom recording. We reunited the pair at the Boston Blues Festival and Enrico was the presenter of the Blues Trust Lifetime Achievement Award to Finis in 2006. Local Blues Belter Brian Templeton , who sang with Enrico on tours of Italy, played harp that day and Monster Mike Welch and Sax Gordon sat in for a memorable performance. Mojo Zone is an all instrumental recording, made with his hometown band. He has taken all of his experience, listening, learning and traveling the world over the past fifteen years pursuing his passion and the listener is the beneficiary. Anyone, who enjoys the music of Ronnie Earl, Hubert Sumlin or Earl Hooker will adore this release. There is also a hint of Santana influence. Hooker’s Guitar Rumba is fairly faithful to the original, but the instrumental version of the Mel London tune, made popular by Junior Wells, Come On In This House is a nine minute burner that bears little resemblance to the song in its lyric form. He notes that the song is inspired by and dedicated to three guitar geniuses; Byther Smith, Magic Sam and Ronnie Earl. He covers another song from one of his teachers, Midnight Blue by Kenny Burrell . The other eight tracks on the release are Enrico originals, but if Ronnie Earl hears them, he may think that he released a record that he forgot about! In the best Ronnie Earl tradition, Crivellaro dedicates two songs to guitarists dear to his heart; Hubert and Blues For Larry Johnson. Whether there is a large market for a release like this is immaterial. Enrico Crivellaro has made a huge contribution to the Blues landscape in 2009. Those who believe in true talent and virtuosity and seek it out will be ecstatic to run across this artistic statement. The presence of the WBRS True Blues radio program has expanded, with internet streaming and greater publicity. I began broadcasting Blues fifteen years ago, prior to founding the Blues Trust and Boston Blues Festival. Like many music events, the Boston Blues Festival has suspended production. Even the oldest Blues Festival in America; the San Francisco Blues Festival, was not immune to the fickle variables of economics, media coverage and a change in entertainment trends. The intent of rededicating the promotion of Blues music, by any means available is underway. To that end, the monthly WBRS True Blues Playlist below. You can listen online each Wednesday morning at 10 AM ET. WBRS True Blues Playlist for February 2009. Compiled by Greg Sarni 1. Jeff Healy / Mess O’ Blues / Stony Plain 2. Shemekia Copeland / Never Going Back / Telarc 3. Billy Flynn / Blues Drive / Land O’ Blues 4. Joe Louis Walker / Witness to the Blues / Stony Plain 5. B.B. King / One Kind Favor / Geffen 6. John Nemeth / Love Me Tonight / Blind Pig 7. Buddy Guy / Skin Deep / Silvertone 8. Damon Fowler / Sugar Shack / Blind Pig 9. Trick Bag / Hip Shot / TBM 10. Van Morrison / Back On Top / Pointblank 11. Ten Foot Polecats / Sterno Soup / Self Released 12. Julian Fauth / Ramblin’ Son / Electro-Fi 13. Homemade Jamz Blues Band / Pay Me No Mind / Northern Blues 14. Steve Strongman / Blues in Colour / Self-Released 15 . Dave Herrero / Austin to Chaicago / Hero 16. Jeff Beck / Performing this Week…Live at Ronnie Scotts / Eagle 17. Matthew Stubbs / Soulbender / VizzTone 18. Mark T. Small / Screaming & Cryin’ the Blues / Whaling City 19. Davis Coen / Blues Lights For Yours and Mine / Soundview 20. Nicole Hart / NRG Band Live / Self-Released 21. Keith Hallett / Bear With Me / MAPL 22. Ruthie Foster / The Truth According To Ruthie Foster / Blue Corn 23. Eddy Clearwater / West Side Strut / Alligator 24. Sweet Claudette / That Man’s Got To Go / No Cover 25. John Earl Walker / Come Over Here / Walkright 2-11-09 Blues Radio - Throw the Dog a Bone You have the opportunity to give Blues music and the musicians who perform it a louder voice. Dawg FM is the pet project of the Torres Brothers from Canada to license and operate a network of five all Blues radio stations in Canada from coast to coast. The license was at first approved, but sent back to the Canadian broadcast authority; CRTC for reconsideration and hearing. A show of support, in the form of a letter to advocate the need for media access for Blues music, will help their cause greatly. Like America, Canada is a democracy and a part of that process is to speak up for what you believe in and what will add to the quality of life for society. If you are a musician or simply a person who believes that Blues music deserves a broader reach, you owe it to yourself to take the simple, easy steps to be heard. Too many people do not participate in a cooperative manner because they do not see the value to them as an individual. It’s not their deal, so they can’t be bothered. We have to be united to reap the benefits that a network of 24/7 Blues station can bring. The Blues Trust knows all too well what governmental bureaucracy can do to sap the will out of good intentions. In DAWG’s case they must satisfy a language criterion, spelled out in the broadcast act in their licensing process. It is ironic that the music that transcends cultures should have a stipulation liked this placed as an obstacle to being heard. But there is strength in spirit and the music referred to by Ronnie Earl as The Language of the Soul will triumph; but only if we speak up. Don’t pass up this huge opportunity to help Blues music thrive in Canada and beyond. The old copy writing formula of AIDA is in play here friends. We hope that the sweet picture of Teddy B. Dog has grabbed your Attention ; that the prospect of having five broadcast outlets playing Blues music fulltime has grabbed your Interest ; that our shared passion of the music causes a Desire to take the initiative to help and that you take Action immediately, because the deadline for a show of support is Thursday, February 12! That means this has to be done right now! Follow the link to Blues in Canada to file your letter online. http://www.bluesincanada.com/ Do it for the music ~ Do it for The DAWG! Gig News Severn Records recording artist Darrell Nulisch appears at the Regattabar in the Charles Hotel in Harvard Square, Cambridge on Thursday February 19. Nulisch is joined by Mike Welch on guitar, Mark Teixeira on drums and Wolfe Giandes on bass. It’s an early show, starting at 7:30 so you can be back in home to tuck the kids in; or yourself, as the case may be. 1-23-09 Welcome Blues Friends and Colleagues It was a pleasure to meet so many like minded people at the Toronto Blues Society’s Blues Summit IV last weekend. Heartfelt thanks for the opportunity to participate as a delegate and panelist at the conference. Along with the artist showcases, networking opportunities and alliances established at the event, the exchange of knowledge that was freely shared will benefit participants individually and most importantly, Blues music as a whole; our common passion that gathered us together in the frozen north. To that end, I would like to welcome newcomers to the Blues Trust News, our way of keeping the music and musicians visible through promotion and publicity of Blues worthy happenings from Boston and beyond. The weekend would be wasted if we didn’t carry forth the Summit’s intent to move the music forward and preserve its legacy. To that end you have been included in our endeavors. We sure hope that the friendships established last weekend will last a lifetime. A Change HAS Come Waiting for an afternoon flight back to the US, I was fortunate to catch President Obama’s Inauguration; it is a moment I will never forget. Too many times in our lives we recall where we were and what we were doing when tragedy struck; assassinations of our leaders, the Twin Tower tragedy in New York on 9/11. I can honestly say that I now have a positive memory of where I was on January, 20, 2009 when Barrack Obama was sworn in as the 44th President of the United States of America. Seated in the lobby bar of the Delta Chelsea Hotel in Toronto, the name of the bar; Monarch’s Pub, struck me as ironic. The reign of King George had come to an end; our new Chief was taking over. I was in one of the World’s most International cities and it was as if time had come to a stand still. I was surrounded by a group of visiting Nigerians, flanked by Asian hotel staff, with me one of the few token whites! The reality of true change finally taking place in our lifetime was poignant. Watching the address unify and inspire all those who were listening intently caused tears to well up and for the first time in as long as I can remember I felt truly proud to be an American. My thoughts turned to all who suffered for equality and the message of the Blues to overcome adversity and injustice. Our Blues Trust Lifetime Achievement Award recipients, their career struggles for recognition and fair compensation came to mind. In particular, Louisiana Red, who lost his Father to hatred and the Ku Klux Klan. Blues Trust pal Honeyboy Edwards was in the thick of the celebration in DC this week. It was rewarding to see him sporting the Boston Blues Festival hat we gave to him when he showed up at a gig in Beantown wearing a New York Yankees cap. Flanked by Southern Belles and sipping a cold one; looking good my man! Don’t forget to tune in to WBRS True Blues each Wednesday morning at 10 AM. This is my 15th year on the program and I’m pushing to give the artists a boost by reaching out to increase the online presence of the show. So if you are in front of your computer on Wednesday mornings, it would be great to have you along for the ride. The Boston Blues Festival was an outgrowth of True Blues. Since the artists no longer have access to the publicity that the Hatch Shell venue afforded them, we request that you forward this message to your friends and family to give them the opportunity to share in the passion of the Blues. 1-9-09 The Blues Trust wishes you a Peaceful and Happy New Year. We are grateful to those who kept us in mind and supported our efforts to promote Blues and assist musicians. Your contribution is always welcome and appreciated. Without your support we can not achieve our mission, so please donate whatever you can afford via PayPal or by sending your tax deductible contribution to: Blues Trust Productions 75 Altamont Avenue Melrose, MA 02176 Click here to contribute!   RIP Sam “Bluzman” Taylor 1934-2009 Sam “Bluzman” Taylor passed away Monday January 5, 2009 at his Islandia, NY home. Taylor was an accomplished performer who wrote and recorded songs for five decades. He was a member of the first integrated rock band, Joey Dee & The Starlighters, who had the 1962 hit The Peppermint Twist. He was replaced in the band by Jimi Hendrix. His songs were recorded by Elvis Presley, Son Seals, Albert Collins and the BT Express. He received a Gold Record for the song Do It til Your Satisfied, but as he said, “I got the record, they kept the Gold.” Taylor’s recognitions included an induction into the Blues Hall of Fame in 1995, a Blues Trust Lifetime Achievement Award at the Boston Blues Festival in 2003 and induction into the Long Island Music Hall of Fame. Coming Attractions Some good Blues shows coming to the area in January: Paul Geremia visits Johnny D’s on Tuesday January 27. Matthew Stubbs and Sax Gordon play there on Friday January 30. The Stubbies kick off a Blues Jam at Jake’s Dixie Road House in Waltham every Monday night. The Love Dogs are at Scullers on Thursday, January 29. Make a resolution to see more live Blues and support the artists by buying their recordings. BLUES TRUST PRODUCTIONS ACCOMPLISHMENTS The following are highlights of the promotional, charitable, entertainment and educational accomplishments of this non-profit 501(c) 3 public charity : Promoting blues music and musicians through the free two-day Boston Blues Festival, exposing the genre to a mass audience Established Lifetime Achievement Award, which recognizes and honors veteran blues musicians annually   Established Berklee College of Music Scholarship in memory of Teddy Bliss   Presented free performance by Lydia Warren at Arlington High School   Presented Music Clinic at Brandeis University   Publicity of music venues and other music industry business   Publish online Blues news and publicity to large media list and fan base   Charitable donations and musician aid include:   Contributed to burial expense for wife of drummer Leroy Pina Contributed to Spider John Koerner medical expenses Contributed to burial expense of Brewer Phillips Contributed to Eddie Kirkland Transportation Fund Contributed to Bobby Rush Band Fund Contributed to John Lee Hooker Foundation Contributed to Matt Guitar Murphy Medical Fund Contributed to Luther Guitar Junior Johnson Medical Fund Subsidized artist residency for Brian Templeton and Birds of Prey Donation to New England Blues Society Medical Fund Obtained and distributed donated musical instruments Distributed grocery gift certificates to needy artists and families Contributed to Shirley Lewis Medical Fund Contributed to Robert Killoran Memorial Music Scholarship Contributed to the Teo Leyasmeyer Family Fund OUR BENEVOLENCE IS LIMITED ONLY BY OUR BUDGET BOSTON BLUES FESTIVAL SUSPENDS PRODUCTION It is with mixed emotions that Blues Trust Productions announces that, for the first time since 1995, there will not be a free Boston Blues Festival in September at the Hatch Band Shell. Due to spiraling usage fees administered by the State of Massachusetts for the venue and the challenge of securing the necessary support of sponsors, arts councils, and media coverage, there is no other option than to take time to rethink how best to fulfill the mission of promoting Blues music and assisting the artists who perform it. We are grateful to those who assisted us in presenting and showcasing this great music in the picturesque setting by the Charles River. We were astonished that we were able to pull it off once. The twelve year run is nothing short of a miracle! The acknowledgement and appreciation of veteran Blues artists, who were recognized with the Blues Trust Lifetime Achievement Award, made the hard work gratifying. The positive aspect of this announcement is that we are now free of the stress and uncertainty of meeting the burden of raising the necessary capital to present the artists. To be able to pursue other passions and make sacrifices, which benefit us personally, is a new and liberating feeling. Springtime is the time for renewal and rebirth! You’re invited to check back to this space to witness our metamorphosis. 8-12-08 IT'S FESTIVAL TIME IN NEW ENGLAND The next two weeks are loaded with live music in New England. With the Boston Blues Festival on hiatus, this gives us a chance to sit back and look at how others do it. The beauty is that each and every event has its own personalities, which are a derivative of the booking policy, the individual music tastes and the way the music is presented and the venue of the production. These elements all make up the vibe, felt by the audience and performers and each is unique. Here are some events for you to attend.: North River Blues Festival Sunday August 17 Check out the lineup Rumor has it that Greg Sarni has been chosen to receive a Keeping the Blues Alive Award by the promoters. Everyone who has either owned a Blues club or been to one has already received this award. They are really scrapping the bottom of the barrel now! Next weekend on Sunday, August 24, the companion Green Harbor Roots and Blues Festival will be presented. Both events are held at the Marshfield Fair. Also this weekend, in New Hampshire’s White Mountains, it’s The White Mountain Boogie and Blues Festival. Check out the lineup : Next Saturday, August 23 rd, the Westford Rotary Club present their annual Blues’N’Brews Festival . at Nashoba Valley Ski Area. Check out the lineup : Buddy Guy Skin Deep Buddy Guy has just released his latest recording on Silvertone Records titled Skin Deep. It is produced by Bay State native Tom Hambridge, who now lives in Nashville. Hambridge is listed on song writing credits on 10 of the 12 tracks on the disc. TH has assembled some of his friends for the recording, including Susan Tedeschi and Derek Trucks. Other special guests include Eric Clapton and Robert Randolph. On the tracks which Hambridge isn’t on drums, Richie Hayward of Little Feat, who has appeared with Guy for years, hits the kit. Reese Wynans, who played keyboards with Stevie Ray Vaughan adds his talent, as does David Grissom on guitar and Willie Weeks holds down the bottom on bass throughout the recording. Standout track, Whose Gonna Fill Those Shoes, features Boston area guitar protégé 9 year old Quinn Sullivan. The track is a reference to the departure of so many Blues icons and who will step in to fill the void. Those real deal cats are still out there, but now that the Boston Blues Festival is on parole, our questions is who is going to book the old school Blues? Buddy Guy plays the Bank America Pavilion with George Thorogood this Sunday. TH returns to town at the end of the month, playing Parker Wheeler’s Blues Party at the Grog in Newburyport on August 31. The next night, Labor Day, there is a benefit at the Grog for Amadee Castenell. Tommy Hambridge will be interviewed on WBRS True Blues tomorrow around 11 AM ET. He’ll chat with Greg Sarni about making the new Buddy Guy disc, we’ll spin some tracks from Skin Deep and no mention of TH can go without paying homage to one of his early bandleaders, guitar God Roy Buchanan. True Blues will also feature some of those who are filling the shoes that you won’t hear about in the mainstream, like 2001 Blues Trust Lifetime Achievement award recipient Chick Willis. His new release Don of the Blues, includes the following lyrics from the song, I Had the Blues Two Times: “There ‘s a whole lotta old Blues players, sittin’ around looking like they had a wreck, most of them are retired from the Blues, but they don’t get no retirement check, they got the Blues y’all, and it sure is hard. Somebody please take in the old Blues players and give ‘em a Blues payin’ job.” 7-17-08 MAYNARD SILVA 1951-2008 Sad Day on Planet Earth – Maynard Silva Passes On News from Martha’s Vineyard is that Maynard Silva left this Earth early on the morning of July 16. Silva had been battling cancer for the past few years. Maynard's memorial service will be on Saturday August 2nd... at the New Ag Hall in West Tisbury from 4 to 8pm Maynard Silva was as pure a Bluesman as there is in the World today. He learned his craft at the feet of Bukka White and was also inspired by the raw Chicago Blues of JB Hutto, Hound Dog Taylor and Brewer Phillips. Whether playing Telecaster or National, Maynard Silva’s growl and grit were a direct lineage to those whose spirit he assumed and emoted each and every time he picked up a stringed instrument. As important as his musical contributions and respect for presenting authentic Blues music were, with Maynard, it all started with his attitude and philosophy of what was real and what wasn’t. The Boston Blues Festival was started as a vehicle to give artists like Maynard a voice. A way for us to get up on the pulpit and tell anyone who would listen, “You have to check this guy out.” He played the very first Boston Blues Festival, with JB Hutto’s Band. When Brewer Phillips died weeks before his scheduled Boston Blues Festival performance and Lifetime Achievement Award presentation, Maynard was there. He led the Brewer Phillips Memorial Jam, which appears on A Beanpot of Songs. Maynard played the 10 th Anniversary Reunion in 2005 in the middle of undergoing chemotherapy. He believed in the Blues Trust and our efforts to publicize the music and improve the lives of those who perform it. I don’t think he was ever paid more than gas money and ferry fare from the Vineyard. And he was OK with it. As a matter of fact, when he wasn’t at the Hatch Shell, he was sending the Blues Trust a contribution! Maynard was a sign painter; he didn’t have a whole lot of cash to donate to a struggling non profit. But he did it anyway. Maynard Silva was an intelligent individual with and edge to him. If you combined the ornery personalities of Gatemouth Brown and Robert Lockwood and mixed in some Portuguese spice, that was Maynard. He had a mystic ability to cast off the veils that obscure life’s truths to reveal a reality that most of us are afraid to accept. I have only encountered a few of his ilk in my existence and his aura caught my attention the very first time our paths crossed. I was a DJ at a radio station on Martha’s Vineyard and I met Maynard at a promotion for station sponsor Island Tire. There was this guy banging away on a National guitar, amidst the retreads. I can still smell the stale air emitted from the round rubber objects that no doubt lost air pressure in awe of the power of the performance. One of life’s greatest pleasures is to have no expectations and then to get blown off your feet; garage music indeed! Favorite Maynard Memories: Watching Maynard and Silvertone Steve trying to “out slide” each other at the first "Charles River” Boston Blues Festival. They used any object they could find to make their guitars cry and scream, including the steel railing and the necks of each others guitars. Meeting his young son, Milo, who was obviously wise beyond his years due to the influence, afforded him by a Dad who cared. It was the first time I saw a 10 year old with a walking stick and behaving like a Bodhisattva. His solo performance at the 2000 Boston Blues Festival; bridging the borderline Blues of the Vermont power trio of the Seth Yacavone Band and the West Side Chicago Blues of Eddy Clearwater. Backstage conversations: His triumphant return to the Hatch Shell stage in 2005 in between chemo treatments. Talk about tough! He and Rick Russell backstage talking about subjects they were familiar with; Blues music and the Big C. Hanging on the front porch on the Vineyard, listening to Maynard spin stories about meeting his Blues heroes and the early years of Boston and Rhode Island Blues. He could speak with knoledge about just about anything, including the history of the Formula 1 World Championship! Most of all, I will remember Maynard for the inspiration, support and sage advice that were always available at the end of the line anytime I picked up the phone to vent. Maynard would usually impart a; “Gregory my boy, don’t let the bastards get you down.” Whatever obstacle we had to overcome to get him up in front of a new audience was always worth it. There was a mutual respect and appreciation for each other that is just hard to come by. In a superficial world, awash in a sea of veneer, Maynard Silva was solid Mahogany. For more insight on the man and the legacy he left behind, read last summer’s Vineyard Gazette article about Maynard and Milo.   sponsorship info   news   merchandise / history / past BBF performers / lifetime achievement award / mascot se contact us / home / Trouble viewing the images in this site? Get Flash Player ©1996-2012 Blues Trust Productions 