Concert on the Green – Concert on the Green Skip to content .site-branding Main Menu Home Event Q & A On The Green Photo Gallery About Us Our Mission Donate Contact Us Gala Tickets Support Us Donate Advertising Corporate Sponsors – 2019 Patron Sponsors Vendors Event Info Beverages on the Green Beer and Wine Menu Music on the Green 2019 Schedule of Events Food on the Green Kids Activities Event Q & A Volunteer Volunteer Opportunities Contests Contest Information Music Application Jazz Application Poster Application Poster Checklist Music Winners 2019 Music Winners Video – Jack Lyons Video – Ellison Whitehead 2018 Music Winners 2017 Winners 2016 Winners 2015 Winners 2014 Winners 2013 Winners 2012 Winners 2011 Winners 2010 Winners Poster Winners Poster Art Slideshow 2019 Poster Winners 2018 Poster Winners 2017 Winners 2016 Winners 2015 Winners 2014 Winners 2013 Winners 2012 Winners 2011 Winners 2010 Winners #site-navigation Main Header Container ast-row Main Header Bar #masthead .entry-header Gala Tickets Available Click Here for More Information!!     Click Here to Purchase Your Gala Tickets!!   Come enjoy the rich tradition of Clay County by attending Concert on the Green.  Sunday of Memorial Day Weekend. May 25, 2020.  Gates open at 4pm with local bands performing on the main stage.  Arts vendors are on the concert grounds to share information about arts and culture in our county.  Food trucks are available and picnics are welcome. The power of music from a live symphony is undeniable. Concert on the Green creates new memories, builds our community and keeps the energy going until next Memorial Day weekend!  The Jacksonville Symphony Our premiere event is the performance by the  Jacksonville Symphony,  one of the nation’s top regional orchestras. Founded in 1949, Jacksonville's symphony is one of Florida's longest-standing orchestras offering live symphonic music. The orchestra will be starting their performance at 8:00 PM.  WHAT'S HAPPENING HERE AT CONCERT ON THE GREEN ? OUR MUSIC FESTIVAL  Celebrates our  Community & Much More! Beer/Wine - Food Trucks - Live Music - Fireworks - Bounce Houses - Face Painting  Help support the arts in Clay County.  Buy your Gala tickets today and show your support! GALA Tickets Now Available! Click To Purchase your GALA Tickets Come join us Memorial Day Weekend -  Sunday, May 25, 2020. The power of music is undeniable. Concert on the Green creates new memories, builds our community and keeps the energy going until next Memorial day weekend!  Come enjoy our nationally renowned orchestra, the Jacksonville Symphony in Clay County! The Jacksonville Symphony Our premiere event is the performance by the  Jacksonville Symphony , one of the nation’s top regional orchestras. Founded in 1949, Jacksonville's symphony is one of Florida's longest-standing orchestras offering live symphonic music. The orchestra will be starting their performance at 8:00 PM. We look forward to seeing you at the concert on Sunday of Memorial Day Weekend! What's Happening Here At Concert On The Green in 2020? A MUSICAL EVENT  that celebrates our local talents: The gate opens and music starts at 4pm and the symphony downbeat at 8pm on the grounds of Plantation Sports Complex - 321 Old Hard Road, Fleming Island.  A fantastic fireworks show begins around 9:30pm.   Event Lineup The Jacksonville Symphony The orchestra will be starting their performance at 8:00 PM. 2019 Schedule of Events Craft Beer & Wine Cool off with an Ice Cold Beer or Wine from our Beverage Stations. Cold Bottled Water and Sodas available Too! Fireworks 9:30 PM Stay for the Fireworks Display to celebrate our great nation on Memorial Day! Food Trucks Enjoy your favorite foods: Texas Roadhouse Woody's BBQ - Maple Street Mambos Cuban Cafe & Pizzeria LePetite Cheri Cupcakes Hawaii Fyve-Sno. Food Truck Lineup Kids Activities Bounce houses for all ages - Rock Climbing Wall - Face Painting - Kids Activities & More! Live Local Bands Starting at 4:00 PM local live bands will take the main stage: OPHS Jazz Band The 77ds Caint Never Could Tropical Drifter  Live Band Lineup Plan to join us on May 25, 2020! Tradition Scholarships A Celebration of the Arts Advertise With Us Tradition The Concert on the Green is the largest event of its kind in Clay County.  This year, the annual event will be located on the grounds of Plantation Sports Complex, 321 Old Hard Road, Fleming Island. Concert on the Green’s principal purpose is to provide music and visual art scholarship opportunities to Clay County students by organizing a festival event for Clay County families and visitors which combines a live symphony orchestra with a natural, beautiful outdoor family setting. Scholarships Concert on the Green Young Artist Concerto Competition is an annual event. Auditions occur in April and up to two concerto winners may be chosen by a panel of judges. The talented students chosen win monetary scholarships and are granted the opportunity to perform as soloists with the Jacksonville Symphony! An honor few professional musicians have in a lifetime!  Concert on the Green holds a Poster Art Competition each year as well. In the last 31 years, Concert on the Green has awarded over $360,000 in scholarships and grants to Clay County students and schools. A Celebration of the Arts One event in Clay County has been instrumental in keeping the arts alive, encouraging our school age children to take up the arts, and in showing the entire County what a joy the arts can be. One event has celebrated the incredible gifts to us made by our veterans, gifts which have made us what we are today. Concert on the Green is that event.   Click for slideshow of artwork. Advertise With Us Support the arts and young musicians in classical music by purchasing an advertisement to be featured in our concert program. 100% of your advertising dollars go towards a student scholarship! Please print our advertising form, complete the details and scan it and return it to concertonthegreen.com.   Click for more info. What's Happening? First Place: Shelby McLees Judges Selected "Melodic Muse" by  Shelby McLees as the 2019 Poster Competition Winner!  Congrats to Clay High School and Catharine Mallard, Art Instructor! Major Sponsors Vallencourt Construction,  Rooms To Go Foundation,  Michelle Agee, PE,  Orange Park Medical Center, Publix Super Markets Charities, and many, many more! Howard Tappan Memorial Young Artist Concerto Competition Congratulations to our 2019 Concerto Competition Finalists!! Torrin Heinrichs; Jack Lyons; Sydney Copeland; Ellison Whitehead; and Elizabeth Whitehead. William Prince Outstanding Jazz Musician Award Congratulations to Jack Lyons, graduating senior at Fleming Island High.  Jack won the William Prince Jazz Competition on Trumpet.  Come hear him perform with a jazz combo at Concert on the Green, May 26th! Hosting the Concert on the Green reminds us all of the importance of minimizing our impact on our environment. We are conscious of the need to decrease emissions, divert our waste, and in general, offset our presence. In an effort to partner with us to keep our environment clean and be a part of something bigger we encourage you as concert attendees to: Carpool whenever feasible. When possible take home any disposable items you brought to the concert. Use the bins provided for your trash and recyclables. If you see trash that does not belong to you, be a good neighbor and dispose of it. A COPY OF THE OFFICIAL REGISTRATION AND FINANCIAL INFORMATION MAY BE OBTAINED FROM THE DIVISION OF CONSUMER SERVICES BY CALLING TOLL-FREE WITHIN THE STATE. REGISTRATION DOES NOT IMPLY ENDORSEMENT, APPROVAL, OR RECOMMENDATION BY THE STATE. • 1-800-HELP-FLA (435-7352) .entry-content .clear #post-## #main #primary ast-container #content ABOUT US Concert on the Green is an annual music festival event. 100% of the proceeds for all ticket sales support student scholarships and school grants for art and music enrichment and education. Tweet EVENT DETAILS Date:  Sunday, May 25th, 2020 Times: Gates Open:  Music Begins -  Food Trucks - Kids Activities - Art Vendors Jacksonville Symphony Concert: 8:00 pm Fireworks on the Green: 9:30 pm Gates Close: 10:00 pm Location:  Plantation Sports Complex - 321 Old Hard Road, Fleming Island CONTACT INFO Phone: (904) 505-3051 Mailing: P.O. Box 1275, Orange Park, FL 32067 Copyright © 2019 Concert on the Green Powered by web904.com .ast-row.ast-flex .ast-small-footer-wrap .ast-container .ast-footer-overlay .ast-small-footer #colophon #page Scroll to Top 