Berg Bows International Home Tourte-Voirin Frogs Endorsements Gallery Tourte-Voirin Violin Viola Cello Listening Booth Purchase About Blog Bowmaker News Links Contact Home Tourte-Voirin Frogs Endorsements Gallery Tourte-Voirin Violin Viola Cello Listening Booth Purchase About Blog Bowmaker News Links Contact Berg Bows International granted U.S. Patent December 18, 2017 ​ In November 2017 Berg Bows International received a patent (U.S. 9 830 892 B1) for all violin, viola and cello bows with Berg "Sound Stick" Technology. This basis for the patent is the unique and groundbreaking application of increased sound velocity to the tone wood used for the fabrication of bow frogs. The modification of this component of a stringed instrument bow contributes a clearly audible sound delivery enhancement over its natural wood counterparts... read more Michael Beert reviews the new Kittel Bow Michael Beert ( Principal Cellist, Rockford Symphony Orchestra) "It was with delight that I had the opportunity to play the new Kittel Bow by Michael Duff. I have purchased two bows over the years from Michael and this one is the best yet! This is a remarkably responsive bow for fast, technical playing and is superior in its tone production. As is true with any bow I have played by Michael, its tone is round and full, pulling the best out of my instrument. It is aptly suitable for chamber music, orchestral or soloist playing and I am able to shape the sound easily for whatever style I need..."   read more Quick Links • Berg Bows International granted US Patent • Starker Kittel Bow Project • Bows for Sale ​ • Eco-Friendly Stabilized hardwoods for Frogs ​ • Latest Endorsement by Annelle Gregory Berg Bows Announces the StarkerKittel Bow Project Berg Bows announces a   Go Fund Me project   to replicate the late Janos Starker’s Kittel cello bow. Nikolai Kittel was a master bow maker whose bows continue to be held in the highest esteem. Surviving Kittel bows are rare, and when one does come up for sale, it can cost $100,000 or more. The condition of these bows is variable, many are ‘played out’, due to the loss of strength in the pernambuco wood.Janos Starker purchased his Kittel cello bow late in his career. When asked about how it played, he said it was a personal favorite. Mr. Starker held Michael Duff, owner of  Berg Bows , in high esteem, and asked him to make replicas of this bow, so that its playing qualities could be made available to young prodigies and other master performers... read more New Tourte-Voirin Model Berg Bow Berg Bows announces a new model violin bow which combines qualities of Tourte  and Voirin  bows and a new frog design by Michael   F. Duff made from eco-friendly stabilized hardwoods. These are the first in the history of bow making. Frogs are available in African Blackwood, Rosewood and Cocobolo wood, mounted with silver or gold. They are offered only on the new  TOURTE-VOIRIN   model Berg bows. Greatest bow discovery in 100 years ​ New, Special Frog Invented by Master Bowmaker, Michael Duff This cello bow endorsed by Michael Beert   incorporates Berg Bow's latest discovery, the use of Stabilized burled Rosewood for the frog , which has faster sound velocity and enhanced sound delivery from the bow, the greatest bow discovery in 100 years! Please read Michael Beert's endorsement . with Gold Mounted stabilized Burled Rosewood Frog Michael Beert's Gold Mounted Cello Bow with stabilized Blackwood tip Powered by Create your own unique website with customizable templates. Get Started 