Cranbrook Town Band | Bringing Music to the Masses since 1924   Menu Cranbrook Town Band Bringing Music to the Masses since 1924 About Us Cranbrook The Hymn Tune Cranbrook Raising Funds Contesting Musical Director Meet the Players Gone but not Forgotten Guest Stars Touring Calendar Contact Concert Bookings Sponsorship Vacancies Media Soundcloud Let Us Entertain You A Kentish Suite Our First Recording On-Line Clips Concert Playlists Jukebox – Track View Photo Galleries Members Info Music in Folders Constitution Lottery Applications Members Handbook Minutes & Reports News Archives #site-navigation #masthead Bringing Music to the Masses since 1924 WordPress Audio Player The Band The Town Band is comprised of about 30 regular brass players who live in Cranbrook and the surrounding areas. The history of the Town band goes back to the 1920′s. It has enjoyed mixed fortunes over the years and the present band was re-formed in the 1960s. Since that time it has gradually grown in membership and the standard of playing has progressed steadily. Current membership includes people of many different ages and professions. Current membership includes people of many different ages and professions. Cranbrook Town Band is self supporting; it’s main income is obtained from concert performances throughout Kent & Sussex during the summer months. It does however take the time to support other organisations and has links with many charities, the British Legion and various churches. In addition the band does what it can to support music in schools and promote brass band music throughout the country. #primary Junior Band We have a training band for those just starting their journey into brass music. Pupils at a number of primary schools in the area receive lessons from the training band’s musical director and attend rehearsals before the main band on a Thursday evening. Read More The Hymn Tune Cranbrook Was written in 1805 by Thomas Clark. The tune was used to accompany the Carol, While Shepherds Watched their Flocks by Night in the 19th century but is now better known as the folk song Ilkley Moor bah’t ‘at. Read More Raising Funds Help us raise funds for free when you shop online. “easyfundraising” is a brilliant way to raise money, simply shop online from over 2,700 retailers and they’ll give a donation to the band every time you buy something, at no extra cost. Read More Musical Director The present Musical Director is Ian Lanceley. Since his appointment in November 1986 the band has responded extremely well to his enthusiastic teaching and has undoubtedly improved under his leadership. Read More Vacancies We welcome all players regardless of age or ability and we often have players join us for a rehearsal or two while on holiday in the area, or players who have picked up their instrument for the first time in years come along for a blow. So why not do the same. Read More Concert Bookings The band enjoys playing a variety of music and has a wide repertoire. Concert programs often include many different musical styles:- TV/Film Themes, Jazz, Classical, Rock and pieces specifically written for brass band. Read More Latest From the Bandroom 14 Jul Hythe Bandstand webmaster .blog-title-wrap Hythe Bandstand on 14th July proved to be an interesting and challenging prospect for the band for a number of reasons. When the engagement was accepted, Ian Lanceley, our MD was unable to be there due to a prior commitment with the Southern Counties Youth Band and he ask... Read More .blog-content-wrapper .single-blog-wrapper 10 Jul Benenden School webmaster .blog-title-wrap The Band were delighted to perform at the prestigious Armed Forces Benevolent Fund concert at Benenden School on 9th July this year. Following on from the Princess of Wales’ Regiment Band and a samba band, our 45 minute slot was the finale of the evening which was w... Read More .blog-content-wrapper .single-blog-wrapper 08 Jun Wealden Time Summer Fair webmaster .blog-title-wrap The band was delighted to once again play for the Wealden Times Summer Fair on June 8th. As usual, we were well catered for with a small marquee for the band to perform in – in some year this might appear to be something of a luxury but not this year! The wind was v... Read More .blog-content-wrapper .single-blog-wrapper 19 May Afternoon Tea at the Church webmaster .blog-title-wrap Once again the band was delighted to play for the St Dunstan’s Church Festival on 19th May this year. In an astute change to the long established festival timetable, the Vicar requested that the band perform on Sunday afternoon rather than the previous evening. This... Read More .blog-content-wrapper .single-blog-wrapper 12 May Deal Bandstand webmaster .blog-title-wrap The band was delighted to play at Deal Memorial Bandstand on 12th May. Arguably the best in the south East, Deal Memorial Bandstand was built and is administered by the Deal Bandstand Memorial Trust in memory of the Royal Marines who were killed by an IRA bomb in Septembe... Read More .blog-content-wrapper .single-blog-wrapper 28 Feb Wheres my Horn ? – A Contesting Story webmaster .blog-title-wrap On a bright and unusually warm Sunday the 24th February, members of the band once again set off on the annual trek across counties to play in the scaba Spring contest at the Hawth theatre in Crawley, West Sussex. Read More .blog-content-wrapper .single-blog-wrapper Read All Photo Gallery Read All Follow Us Automatically Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. Email Address #primary CTB Online Media & CDs 05 Nov The Hymn Tune Cranbrook webmaster .blog-title-wrap The Hymn Tune Cranbrook was written in 1805 by Thomas Clark a shoemaker and Freeman of the City of Canterbury. The tune was used to accompany the Carol, While Shepherds Watched their Flocks by Night in the 19th century but is now better known as the folk song Ilkley Moor ... Read More .blog-content-wrapper .single-blog-wrapper 09 May Soundcloud webmaster .blog-title-wrap We have a number of players who publish to Soundcloud – a website allowing us to easily record and upload music tracks and share them privately or publicly to friends. So if you haven’t use it before, why not have a look and listen to our recordings, a selecti... Read More .blog-content-wrapper .single-blog-wrapper 14 Apr Concert Performances webmaster .blog-title-wrap We have a number of YouTube clips featuring musical performances from many of our recent concerts. You can view the clips from our web site by selecting the concert or track below. Alternatively you can visit YouTube and Soundcloud and search for files uploaded by ctbonli... Read More .blog-content-wrapper .single-blog-wrapper 15 Jun Let Us Entertain You webmaster .blog-title-wrap In 2008, the band spent two exhausting but enjoyable Sundays, the 8th and 15th June, recording the music for our latest CD. Comprising of many favourite numbers from the year’s concert programme, “Let Us Entertain You” will both excite and relax you with... Read More .blog-content-wrapper .single-blog-wrapper 31 May A Kentish Suite webmaster .blog-title-wrap Cranbrook’s famous St. Dunstans Church provided the ideal recording location when the band decided to follow the success of their first recording with a compilation of Brass, Classical and Popular music. Read More .blog-content-wrapper .single-blog-wrapper 19 Mar Our First Recording webmaster .blog-title-wrap In 1992 the band decided to put some of their favourite pieces onto a recording to commemorate a recent run of contest successes and help raise band funds. Tapes and CDs were quickly sold out as the band promoted their first recording throughout the summer concert season. Read More .blog-content-wrapper .single-blog-wrapper Read All Rehearsal Venue Hawkhurst CEP School, Fowlers Park, Rye Rd, Kent. TN184JJ Thursday 7:45-10:00pm #content Vacancies & Enquiries David Newsom Foxbrush Barn, Jarmons Lane, Collier Street, Kent. TN12 9PU Tel : 07957 681923 e-mail : david_newsom@hotmail.com #tablepress-1 from cache Concert Bookings Graeme Mcausland Little Pagehurst Cottage, Five Ash Lane, Staplehurst, Kent. TN12 0JA Tel : 07866 323642 e-mail : g.mcausland@btinternet.com #tablepress-5 from cache Follow us on Twitter My Tweets ©2016 Cranbrook Town Band .copy-right Powered By Accesspress Themes .site-info .bottom-footer #colophon #page 