Flute Teacher | Nova Scotia | O'Neill Flute Studio - Flute Lessons body start html embeds start body start html embeds end HOME FLUTE LESSONS OUR STUDENTS FLUTE GROUPS CONTACT STUDIO BLOG More O'Neill Flute Studio CONTACT US A LITTLE BIT ABOUT THE STUDIO We like to think of ourselves as Halifax's friendliest flute studio.   Learning to play an instrument is a wonderful, challenging and glorious experience, and we work hard to create a community that is there to support you.   Students from 5 years old to I-don't-admit-my-age get to experience the joys of making music and learning new skills through our Tiny Toots classes, private lessons, student collaborations and participation in our  Feisty Flutes  ensembles and Flute Boot Camps . ​ If you want to learn a session's worth of new Irish reels, if you have found a flute and have always wanted to learn to play, if you want to prepare for university auditions or if you want to get set up for band, we can do that together! ​ WHO IS MY TEACHER? With almost 30 years of experience as a private instructor, Amy O'Neill is also an active flute clinician at national music festivals, a member of the Nova Scotia Registered Music Teachers' Association and a flute specialist for the Halifax & South Shore Centres for Education.   ​ Before returning to the East Coast, Amy O'Neill was a lecturer in Western University's Don Wright Faculty of Music, teaching classical flute and Irish traditional music practices. With extensive musical theatre, orchestral and session experience, Amy has performed across North America and Europe as a classical and traditional Irish flutist.   ​ WHAT DO WE DO? CLASSICAL FLUTE The perfect choice for students who want extra help with their music classes, flutists preparing for music exams or university & ensemble auditions, or retirees looking to explore music for the first time.   Your lessons follow your  dreams.  ​ Available online & in person. ​ All levels welcome. IRISH FLUTE Do you love Irish & Celtic music? Whether you want to take your first steps in learning by ear or learn full sets of session tunes, all you need to start is a flute-like instrument (silver flute, Irish wooden flute or tin whistle in D) and the courage to set up that first lesson! ​ Available online & in person. ​ All levels welcome. ​ FLUTE GROUP Come join the Feisty Flutes !   Community ensembles and kids' classes open to flute players from age 5 to retired adult, the Feisty Flutes are flutists who share a love of music making, friendship and fun. We love to have new members join us - find more details here . ​ Halifax, NS. ​ All levels welcome. ​ Young    Flutists Do you have a young one who loves music? We'd love to have you join us!    With special instruments designed for small musicians, we have a fun, play-based approach to lessons that has them giggling all the way out the door! ​ Feisty Flutes: Tiny Toots classes for 5-8 year olds . Private lessons available to children ages 6+ ​ Come Try it Out! OUR STUDENTS We're really proud of our students and the things they have accomplished. From winning scholarships in Irish & Classical music to completing RCM exams and successfully passing music school auditions, we love it when their achievements are celebrated! ​ Click on the photos below to see some of the awards and honours our students have earned. Carson, 7 Carson, age 7, made his professional debut at the Halifax Central Library as the train whistle in a performance of "Luna's Magic Flute". Congratulations! Maya, 13 In a competitive field of applicants, Maya was awarded the 2018 Edward J. Ward Irish Music Scholarship to further her Irish flute studies. The awards committee praised her for her passion for Irish music and her drive to share that passion with her community. Congratulations, Maya! Rhianne, 17 Rhianne successfully auditioned to play flute and piccolo for the London Youth Symphony. She completed her RCM Grade 8 Flute Exam with First Class Honours, was invited to compete as a soloist with her high school wind ensemble in the Kiwanis Festival, won the O'Neill Flute Studio Summer Technique Relay and was invited to participate in the Honour Band at Western University. Congratulations! Shine, 7 Shine took and passed his RCM Flute Exam with First Class Honours and competed above his age range in his Kiwanis competitions. Congratulations! Giancarlo, 14 Giancarlo won first place in the senior division of the Studio Audition Contest, earning a chance to play with Encore... the Concert Band and also earned a place in his school's invitation-only Junior Orchestra. He auditioned for and was one of the only students in his grade to be accepted into his school's Wind Ensemble. He also achieved excellent results on the RCM Grade 5 Flute Exam! Congratulations! Brooklyn, 8 Brooklyn won first place in the junior division of the Studio Audition Contest, and has won the chance to play wtih Encore... the Concert Band. Congratulations! April, 17 April auditioned for and has been accepted on scholarship into the music program at the University of Waterloo. She was also the 2009 recipient of the Margaret Stalker Flute Award. Congratulations! Jasper, 15 Jasper auditioned for and was accepted into the Toronto Youth Wind Orchestra, has performed in numerous masterclasses, won his school's music award and was invited to play in the school orchestra. Congratulations! Kathy, 13 Kathy auditioned for and has been accepted into the London Youth Symphony Chamber Winds program. Congratulations! Jamie, 19 Jamie auditioned and has been accepted into the music program at Western University. He has also auditioned and been accepted into the LYS Chamber Winds program, was awarded the Honour Band Award at the MusicFest Nationals and also competed and placed in the Kiwanis Festival with his Flute Trio. Congratulations! Erika, 17 Erika has been accepted into the music program at Calvin College in Michigan. Congratulations! Cailan, 14 Cailian auditioned for and was accepted into the Music Theatre Specialist stream at the Etobicoke School of the Arts. Congratulations!! Carmen, 17 Carmen auditioned and has been accepted into the music program at Western University. Congratulations! Rania Rania completed the RCM Grade 7 Examination with First Class Honours! Congratulations! Sonia Sonia wrote and published a book of klezmer flute music. Congratulations! Jacob, 20 Jacob auditioned and has been accepted into the Bachelor of Music program at Western University. Congratulations! Teodora, 16 Teodora auditioned and has been accepted into the London Youth Symphony Chamber Winds program. Teodora also won second place in the Studio Audition Contest, and took and passed the RCM Grade 6 Flute Exam with excellent results! Congratulations! Katie, 17 Katie has been accepted into the Ethnomusicology program at Cape Breton University. Katie also auditioned for and won the 2010 Fred Kasper Memorial Scholarship, covering full tuition to the Boxwood Flute Festival in Lunenburg, NS. She was invited to perform in the Dorchester 2011 St. Patrick's Day concert and was a featured musician in the pre-theatre music series at the Grand Theatre in London. Congratulations! Joshua, 17 Josh was nominated to join the Toronto Honour Band. Congratulations! Erin, 17 Erin auditioned for and has been accepted into the Music program at Western University. She also auditioned for and was accepted into the London Youth Symphony Chamber Winds program, has been invited to play with Encore... the Concert Band and to participate in the Honour Band at Western University. She was a featured musician in the Dorchester St. Patrick's Day concert and the pre-theatre music series at the Grand Theatre in London. Congratulations! Tina, 17 Tina auditioned for and has been accepted into the Bachelor of Music program at Western University. Congratulations! Inaara Inaara auditioned for and was accepted into her school's Wind Ensemble. Congratulations! Ursula, 14 Ursula earned a place in her school's invitation-only Junior Orchestra. Congratulations! Our Theory Students Theory students Fan, Ali, Lisa, Jason, Ellwe, Hayley, Jackson & Lucy wrote theory exams ranging from basic rudiments to harmony, achieving marks of First Class Honours with Distinction! Congratulations! Jess, 17 Jess auditioned for and was accepted into the Bachelor of Music program at Western University. She also achieved a Gold Award in the Solo Woodwind class in Kiwanis! Congratulations! Jeong-In, 11 Jeong-In competed and placed well in her first Kiwanis competition. She also took the RCM Grade 4 Flute Exam and achieved excellent results! Congratulations! Carson, 7 Carson, age 7, made his professional debut at the Halifax Central Library as the train whistle in a performance of "Luna's Magic Flute". Congratulations! Maya, 13 In a competitive field of applicants, Maya was awarded the 2018 Edward J. Ward Irish Music Scholarship to further her Irish flute studies. The awards committee praised her for her passion for Irish music and her drive to share that passion with her community. Congratulations, Maya! Rhianne, 17 Rhianne successfully auditioned to play flute and piccolo for the London Youth Symphony. She completed her RCM Grade 8 Flute Exam with First Class Honours, was invited to compete as a soloist with her high school wind ensemble in the Kiwanis Festival, won the O'Neill Flute Studio Summer Technique Relay and was invited to participate in the Honour Band at Western University. Congratulations! Shine, 7 Shine took and passed his RCM Flute Exam with First Class Honours and competed above his age range in his Kiwanis competitions. Congratulations! Giancarlo, 14 Giancarlo won first place in the senior division of the Studio Audition Contest, earning a chance to play with Encore... the Concert Band and also earned a place in his school's invitation-only Junior Orchestra. He auditioned for and was one of the only students in his grade to be accepted into his school's Wind Ensemble. He also achieved excellent results on the RCM Grade 5 Flute Exam! Congratulations! Brooklyn, 8 Brooklyn won first place in the junior division of the Studio Audition Contest, and has won the chance to play wtih Encore... the Concert Band. Congratulations! April, 17 April auditioned for and has been accepted on scholarship into the music program at the University of Waterloo. She was also the 2009 recipient of the Margaret Stalker Flute Award. Congratulations! Jasper, 15 Jasper auditioned for and was accepted into the Toronto Youth Wind Orchestra, has performed in numerous masterclasses, won his school's music award and was invited to play in the school orchestra. Congratulations! Kathy, 13 Kathy auditioned for and has been accepted into the London Youth Symphony Chamber Winds program. Congratulations! Jamie, 19 Jamie auditioned and has been accepted into the music program at Western University. He has also auditioned and been accepted into the LYS Chamber Winds program, was awarded the Honour Band Award at the MusicFest Nationals and also competed and placed in the Kiwanis Festival with his Flute Trio. Congratulations! Erika, 17 Erika has been accepted into the music program at Calvin College in Michigan. Congratulations! Cailan, 14 Cailian auditioned for and was accepted into the Music Theatre Specialist stream at the Etobicoke School of the Arts. Congratulations!! Carmen, 17 Carmen auditioned and has been accepted into the music program at Western University. Congratulations! Rania Rania completed the RCM Grade 7 Examination with First Class Honours! Congratulations! Sonia Sonia wrote and published a book of klezmer flute music. Congratulations! Jacob, 20 Jacob auditioned and has been accepted into the Bachelor of Music program at Western University. Congratulations! Teodora, 16 Teodora auditioned and has been accepted into the London Youth Symphony Chamber Winds program. Teodora also won second place in the Studio Audition Contest, and took and passed the RCM Grade 6 Flute Exam with excellent results! Congratulations! Katie, 17 Katie has been accepted into the Ethnomusicology program at Cape Breton University. Katie also auditioned for and won the 2010 Fred Kasper Memorial Scholarship, covering full tuition to the Boxwood Flute Festival in Lunenburg, NS. She was invited to perform in the Dorchester 2011 St. Patrick's Day concert and was a featured musician in the pre-theatre music series at the Grand Theatre in London. Congratulations! Joshua, 17 Josh was nominated to join the Toronto Honour Band. Congratulations! Erin, 17 Erin auditioned for and has been accepted into the Music program at Western University. She also auditioned for and was accepted into the London Youth Symphony Chamber Winds program, has been invited to play with Encore... the Concert Band and to participate in the Honour Band at Western University. She was a featured musician in the Dorchester St. Patrick's Day concert and the pre-theatre music series at the Grand Theatre in London. Congratulations! Tina, 17 Tina auditioned for and has been accepted into the Bachelor of Music program at Western University. Congratulations! Inaara Inaara auditioned for and was accepted into her school's Wind Ensemble. Congratulations! Ursula, 14 Ursula earned a place in her school's invitation-only Junior Orchestra. Congratulations! Our Theory Students Theory students Fan, Ali, Lisa, Jason, Ellwe, Hayley, Jackson & Lucy wrote theory exams ranging from basic rudiments to harmony, achieving marks of First Class Honours with Distinction! Congratulations! Jess, 17 Jess auditioned for and was accepted into the Bachelor of Music program at Western University. She also achieved a Gold Award in the Solo Woodwind class in Kiwanis! Congratulations! Jeong-In, 11 Jeong-In competed and placed well in her first Kiwanis competition. She also took the RCM Grade 4 Flute Exam and achieved excellent results! Congratulations! OUR FAMILIES Our studio could not exist without the support of our students' parents and families. ​ We love how you are part of our musical journeys, whether it's driving someone to a lesson every week after school, playing duets with them at home or cheering them on as they practise. ​ Thank-you for everything you do to support the musicians in your family. Daniela, Teodora's mom "Thank you again for your continuous support and trust in Teodora's abilities.  You are amazing!   Teodora loves your teaching and she also enjoys talking to you very much.    You are a great mentor!    Thank you!" Jason Pfeiffer, Irish flutist "I also did a private lesson with one of your students that morning.   WOW is she good!! ​ Very fast ear and great Irish technique.   You do VERY good work, my friend." Xuemei, Shine's mom "Shine and I are always talking about you. You are a wonderful teacher!  You gave Shine impressive music lessons and that kept him continuing on music. Music brings colourful life to Shine.   Thank you!" Sonia, student "I am so happy to say that I feel that I have really evolved musically,and accomplished more than I thought possible in terms of playing. I credit you for all of this.   You are amazing!!" Michal, Ursula's mom "Thank you so much, Amy, for a morning of beautiful music in a very lovely setting. It was such a pleasure to listen to all the wonderful players who study with you!     Many thanks, too, for all your work with Ursula. Rhianne, student "I don't know how I would have survived my first year after moving to Canada without my flute lessons! ​ Thank-you!!!" CONTACT US 782.234.5353 ​ novascotiaflute@gmail.com © 2018 O'Neill Flute Studio No Footer body end html embeds start body end html embeds end 