Orchestra body start html embeds start body start html embeds end HOME TICKETS & EVENTS ABOUT US OUTREACH SUPPORT More Subscription tickets for our 66th Season are now on sale.   Learn more >> EVENTS Start your Musical Journey at an upcoming event! Upcoming Events ABOUT US Transforming hearts, minds, and communities through music. Read More OUTREACH Providing enrichment through educational programs and outreach. Read More GET INVOLVED Volunteer,  Join the Orchestra, Make a difference! Get Involved The DuPage Symphony Orchdstra is a highly accomplished community orchestra, serving DuPage County with the vision of transforming  hearts, minds, and communities through music.   Please join us at one of our upcoming DSO concerts !   Classical music offers numerous benefits: Listening to music provides inspiration, promotes relaxation, sparks creativity, boosts memory, reduces stress, alleviates depression, and helps those with special needs communicate. Studying music at a young age helps increase vocabulary, builds self-esteem, promotes creativity, and improves physical dexterity. Performing music teaches self-discipline, teamwork, and emotional expression.   Hearing music in live performance is one of the most thrilling experiences of all:  the music sounds vibrant, immediate, and alive; you can literally feel the passion of the players on stage; and you, the listener, become part of a very special musical journey.   Whether you are a music aficionado who wants to know more about our rich and varied repertoire or a brand new listener who wants to understand the very basics of orchestral music, we can assure you that our DSO concerts will be enjoyed by all.  Please join us for inspiring performances throughout the year!   We hope you will also consider sharing your time and talents by joining the Friends of the DSO . Volunteer opportunities include assisting with front of house, outreach events, fundraising, or marketing. The DSO is a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization.  Your support as a patron, subscriber, volunteer, or donor helps: •    Create an outlet for talented musicians to share their passion of music with the community. •    Inspire people of all ages to develop an appreciation for music. •    Provide real-life orchestral experiences for area students.   ​ View Upcoming Events Subscribe to the DSO Donate Volunteer Email Signup Join the Orchestra THANK YOU CORPORATE AND FOUNDATION PARTNERS Prestissimo Level Presto Level Vivace Level Tempo Comodo Level Allegretto Level Cantigny Park Dine Naperville Sapp Violins State Farm: Jim Danko  Wessels Sherman Joerg Liszka Laverty Seneczko P.C. Andante Moderato Level Echo Limousine GlobeSpec Judd Kendall VFW Post 3872 Malman Law Stones Jewelry Suburban Lock Andantino Level Busy Bee Barber Shop The Growing Place Lisle Automotive & Tire Merrill Lynch: Bruce Anderson Naperville Noon Lions Club Rosenfeld Injury Lawyers ​ THANK YOU IN-KIND DONORS Jefferson Ellsworth, LLC DuPage Symphony Orchestra P.O. Box 844, Naperville, IL 60566 info@DuPageSymphony.org   |  630.778.1003 © 2019 DuPage Symphony Orchestra  No Footer body end html embeds start body end html embeds end 