Colorado acoustic folk singer songwriter Darryl Purpose .social-profiles .container Darryl Purpose The official site of singer-songwriter Darryl Purpose #site-logo Responsive Menu Darryl Purpose Home Listen Concerts Press Still the Birds press Next Time Around press Darryl Purpose Press Kit Camp Ned Contact Media Audio Videos #access .search-toggle Search .search-form #search-box .hgroup-right .container Mailchump On June 21st, Darryl accidentally deleted all his contacts. If you’d like to stay in touch, get back on his list, send an email to him HERE . Camp Ned 2019  July 18th – 21st 20 friends and songwriters will be gathering July 18th-21st in Nederland Colorado to push our mutual creative edges, talk songwriting and actually write songs. Different this time — 1) This retreat will be participant led, you are invited to make a presentation 2) We will be splitting expenses, which will amount to $200 to $300 total per person, to pay for food and lodging. (yes, even I will pay that amount) We will once again celebrate the end of the retreat with an optional hike to the continental divide on Monday July 22nd. Send an email HERE with any questions.. To reserve your spot, PayPal $100 to CampNedSongs@Gmail.com I’m looking forward to this! Darryl Darryl featured on the cover of the Boulder Weekly, Caitlin Rockett’s piece —  “King of Hearts” Check out Darryl’s Mindmill Podcast appearance. Darryl shared a video song each week for 59 weeks:  “A SUNDAY SONG” , see them all here . Singer songwriter Darryl Purpose biography When Darryl Purpose was 16 years old, his mother put a book called “Beat the Dealer” in his Christmas stocking. He interrupted a guitar major program, went to Las Vegas as a teenager, began a career as professional card player. He was soon known as the world’s fastest card counter. Banned from casinos on six continents, he still calls this the “only real job I’ve ever had.” Years later, he took time off to walk across the country for peace, and fell in with a ‘bad’ crowd – musicians & peaceniks – which culminated, improbably sharing the stage with the likes of Santana and Bonnie Raitt in the first stadium rock concert in the former Soviet Union. In 1996, inspired by his work with a traveling band of musical activists and working his way out of a brush with the law (that’s another story), Darryl began to tour nationally as a solo singer-songwriter. Eight years, six CDs and a thousand-plus shows later, he was headlining venues like the Freight and Salvage, Club Passim, McCabe’s, The Bluebird Cafe, The Kennedy Center, and the Kerrville Folk Festival Main Stage. A break and further projects In 2005, he inexplicably set down his guitar, took a 7-year sabbatical in the Rocky Mountains. He set out to “get healthy in multiple ways”. During this time, he shepherded the release of “Singer-Songwriter Heaven: the songs of Kevin Faherty”. He co-captained the “Second Strings Project” delivering over twenty thousand sets of guitar strings to those who need them all around the world. He studied with Buddhist master Thich Nhat Hanh; and in 2009, was inducted into the Blackjack Hall of Fame. One of 17 members was Ed Thorp, the man who wrote that book that his mother put into his Christmas stocking at 16. The music called him back in 2012 and saw Darryl record his first CD of original material in 10 years – “Next Time Around,” produced by Billy Crockett for the Blue Rock Artists label. With no formal radio promotion, the CD spent five weeks at #1 on the Roots Music Report folk chart for national radio airplay in 2013. His critically-acclaimed latest release – “Still The Birds” (co-written with Paul Zollo, also produced by Billy Crockett) twists and turns songs as unique and diverse as the stories from Darryl’s kaleidoscopic life. “Still the Birds” also rose to #1 on the Roots Music Report folk chart. Darryl likes to say that luck is a residue of design — and he has been crafting his own luck for some time now. Current interests include Camp Ned , (an intimate songwriter retreat in the rocky mountains); traveling, including the occasional gig; and, inspired by the mountains, a deep dive into mindful practices and a super-healthy lifestyle. entry-content clearfix #comments .comments-area #content #primary #secondary .container #main .social-profiles Copyright © 2019 Darryl Purpose | Theme by: Theme Horse | Powered by: WordPress .copyright .container #site-generator .wrapper 