Fleur de Son Classics, Ltd. Home Contact Us About Us Catalog New Releases Production Packages Reviews Links News Castellani Andriaccio Duo Fleur de Son Classics, Ltd. New Releases and Featured Performances View all New Releases   |  View Entire Catalog   |  Read Reviews   |  Learn about our Production Packages World Premiere Recording Daisy - "Awakening Daisy Jopling World Premiere Recording AMARA PIANO QUARTET, World Premiere Recording Amara Piano Quartet Marko Topchii, guitar Marko Topchii Mozart Sonatas and Variations, for Violin and Piano, Volume 1 Jacques Isrealievitch, violin & Christina Petrowska Quilico, piano Naxos of America Launches Distribution of Fleur De Son Classics in March FRANKLIN, TN--(Marketwire - February 28, 2011) - Naxos of America welcomes Fleur De Son Classics to its family of distributed labels during the month of March 2011. Founded by classical guitarists Joanne Castellani and Michael Andriaccio, Fleur De Son Classics has been presenting world premiere or rarely-recorded repertoire since 1996. To achieve this goal, Fleur De Son Classics constantly seeks exciting projects through which classical musicians and classical composers may express themselves in chamber music, symphonic music, early music and solo repertoire. Read More About Fleur de Son Classics, Ltd. FLEUR DE SON CLASSICS, Ltd. Was founded, and is owned and operated by classical guitarists, Joanne Castellani and Michael Andriaccio, one of the foremost classical guitar duos in the world today. They felt that classical musicians and classical composers of international merit needed a record label that was sympathetic to the needs of today's classical recording artists. In 1996, they established Fleur De Son Classics, which is now recognized as one of the most significant and rapidly growing record labels in America, serving as a voice for internationally acclaimed classical musicians. Today, the Fleur De Son catalog consists of over eighty-five titles from their distinguished roster of world-class recording artists. Ms. Castellani is President and Mr. Andriaccio is Director of Artists and Repertoire. As a world-renowned classical guitar duo and proponents of new music for the classical guitar, they are no strangers to chamber music. The Castellani-Andriaccio Duo has performed at prestigious chamber music halls throughout the world and was invited by President Clinton to perform at the White House. They were the first classical guitarists to perform there since Andres Segovia in 1984. Continued... Fleur de Son Classics, Ltd. P.O. Box 132 Buffalo, New York 14225-0132 USA  |  Phone: (716) 681-8106  |  Fax: (716) 681-9208 info@fleurdeson.com Copyright © 2019 - Fleur de Son Classics, Ltd. All Rights Reserved Website Development and Web Hosting by Online Media 