Bob Brozman Official Website - Traveling the World of Music CHOOSE A CD TITLE Par Avion (DVD) - NEW! Six Days in Down - NEW! Kani Wai - NEW! Post-Industrial Blues Lumière Songs of the Volcano Blues Reflex Mahima Metric Time Rolling Through this World Digdig Live Now Nankuru Naisa Jin Jin Ocean Blues Tone Poems 3 Get Together In the Saddle Four Hands Sweet and Hot Kika Kila Meets Ki Ho'alu Tau Moe Family and Bob The Running Man CHOOSE A LOCATION Germany - NEW! Scandinavia - NEW! UK Italy <option value="reunion.html">Reunion Island</option> <option value="okinawa.html">Okinawa</option> <option value="usa.html">USA</option> <option value="australia.html">Australia</option> <option value="canada.html">Canada</option> Hawaii < France India CHOOSE A COLLABORATOR Rene Lacaille Takashi Hirayasu Ledward Kaapana Cyril Pahinui Tau Moe Family Djeli Moussa Diawara Debashish Bhattacharya Concerts, Tour Dates Press Kit Biography Reviews, Interviews CDs DVDs Digital Downloads Books Instruments Sound System Tips for Guitarists Seminars Contact Mailing List Bob Brozman - Official Website   Order   <td width="65" > <center><a href="sitemap.html">Site Map</a></center> </td>   Home BEGIN: Constant Contact Text Link Email List Button Join Bob Brozman Music | Mailing List     END: Constant Contact Text Link Email List Button Click for print quality photos of Bob PRESS RELEASE: Bob Brozman, 1954-2013 Bob Brozman is a guitarist like no other: an established and prolific recording artist, performer, producer, and author, Bob is a non-stop world traveler and tireless researcher in ethnomusicology. His work with musicians from around the world in the past several years has marked him as not only a virtuoso musician and slide guitarist, but also as a pioneer in finding a common thread among global musical cultures. FIRE IN THE MIND - Bob's latest and last release - BUY NOW! Bob is the world's leading authority on vintage and new National guitars. He is also a National Reso-Phonic Dealer, carrying the full range of these fine instruments. Order from Bob, and get exactly the features you want and the best prices. Email Bob for more information. NEW! The Ukulele Toolbox is a new DVD series to help you master the uke! Volumes #1 & 2 both are jam-packed with valuable musical information, from the most basic chords and strums for beginners to a myriad of musical ideas and techniques for more experienced players. Read more here . NEW! All of Bob's instructional DVDs are now available via Bob Brozman Digital Downloads . Check it out here . NEW! Par Avion is a new documentary collection of rare footage that captures many of Bob Brozman’s global adventures in music, spanning over 30 years and dozens of countries. Read more here . NEW! Six Days in Down is the new groundbreaking collaboration with Irish musicians, master uilleann piper John McSherry and fiddle virtuoso Dónal O’Connor. Read more here . NEW! Kani Wai: Sound of Water is the new duet album of Hawaiian music with Grammy® Award-winning Hawaiian Slack Key Master, George Kahumoku, Jr. on 12-string guitar, and Bob on acoustic lap steel guitar. Four songs also feature the African 26-string kora and two other songs with violin. Kani Wai was just nominated for TWO Na Hoku Hanohano Awards! Read more here . Post-Industrial Blues , Bob's newest solo album, is a collection of bold new tracks. After years of exploring multi-ethnic music styles around the world, Bob returns to his blues and Americana roots, for a brave and honest look at a world in change. Lumière is Bob's brilliant new CD with Riverboat/World Music Network. This incredible collection of musical postcards is the first to feature the Bob Brozman Orchestra. Read more here . Lap Style Slide Guitar For Blues DVD is Bob's new 2-part instructional series with Homespun. Read more here . The Reso-Acoustic 400 Sound System is now available! Bob has designed this superb, one-piece professional sound system for all acoustic musicians. Read more here . Through the language of guitar, Bob's ongoing body of work is launching a new aesthetic called "World Blues." His musical influences draw on a host of tones and beats from Delta Blues, Hawaiian, West African, Indian, Okinawan, Caribbean, Gypsy and Django-style Jazz, to the most modern rhythms of hip-hop, sega, funk, ska, calypso, maloya, and world island music. LATEST NEWS: Bob was just voted "Best World Guitarist" in Guitar Player Magazine's 2010 Readers' Choice Awards. He was also voted "Best Acoustic Slide Guitarist" by Acoustic Guitar Magazine's Players' Choice Award voters in 2009. Bob tied with Jerry Douglas for this honor, and was lauded by Acoustic Guitar Magazine as "one of the world's most respected slide guitarists." NEW RELEASES: Bob's newest solo album is Post-Industrial Blues , a collection of bold new tracks. After years of exploring multi-ethnic music styles around the world, Bob returns to his blues and Americana roots, for a brave and honest look at a world in change. LUMIÈRE is an incredible collection of musical postcards - the first to feature the Bob Brozman Orchestra. More info here . LAP STYLE SLIDE GUITAR FOR BLUES DVD is Bob's new 2-part instructional series with Homespun. Read more here . LIVE IN GERMANY is Bob Brozman's latest concert DVD, recorded live at the Underground in Köln, Germany. More info here. ONLINE VIDEO: check out these links to view recent footage of Bob online: Watch Bob Brozman on OC-TV.net / Toulouse, France Watch Bob & Friends: Ultimate International Blues Jam Watch Bob Brozman on Italian National TV / Roma, Italia Watch Bob Brozman on The Guitar Show / Sydney, Australia RADIO: Link to NPR's ALL THINGS CONSIDERED (8-27-07) - Lumière Link to PRI's THE WORLD (7-30-07) - Lumière Link to NPR's WORLD CAFÉ (2-21-06) - Blues Reflex Link to NPR's ALL THINGS CONSIDERED (6-4-02) - DigDig Link to NPR's ALL THINGS CONSIDERED (6-18-01) - Nankuru Naisa Link to NPR's ALL THINGS CONSIDERED (4-25-00) - Jin Jin ABOUT THIS SITE: Bob's work encompasses so many different projects, countries, and styles of music, that we've designed this website to be comprehensive and filled with useful information - all easy to navigate and interesting to read. On each page, you can choose from the menu at left and from the 3 pull-down menus above - which organize Bob's myriad projects by CD, Global Location, and Collaborating Artist. Bob's new site includes the basics, such as Tour Dates , Biography , a full Press Kit with Print-Quality Photos - and goes a step farther with detailed articles about National Guitars and other Instruments , plus Tips for Guitarists , Lessons, and Sound Hints. @copyright 2002-2009. Bob Brozman. All rights reserved Design and Artwork by Haley S. Robertson [an error occurred while processing this directive] 10.18.02   Bob Brozman - Guitar Master 