hypermedia.me hypermedia.me Search Primary Menu Skip to content Home Discography TUU Podcast Search for: #masthead Digital Culture Time Won’t Give Me Time .entry-header #post-## Music , Releases The Frozen Lands .entry-header #post-## Digital Culture Connected Theatre for Box Set Viewers .entry-header #post-## .featured-content-inner #featured-content .featured-content Digital Culture The Digital Dark Age is coming May 14, 2017 Martin Leave a comment .entry-header Can it really be a year since I blogged last ? It is. Maybe it’s time to move to Medium for these kind of thoughts or at least find where a small amount of feedback can be had these days. It’s been a pretty full on year for me, but the chaps at Create Hub have once again invited me to join their #IndustryExperts panel to publish three articles over the course of the year covering the state of Digital as far as I see it. This, despite my appalling record of delivering previous articles to deadline. (I write from experience, which takes time – rather than just make stuff up y’know ) Anyway, one of the things that I did was build my relationship with the Google Cultural Institute t o research and publish some previously unseen archive material from L ondon Philharmonic Orchestra. Continue reading The Digital Dark Age is coming → .entry-content archive digital google cultural institute music orchestra #post-## Digital Culture Open for Disruption April 22, 2016 Martin Leave a comment .entry-header I wrote a new blog article for Create Hub , exploring the apparent stasis of innovation in the established culture sector. Probably familiar territory to anyone exposed to my rants on a regular basis, but I sometimes think of the challenge as being particular to an industry that delivers content through bricks and mortar buildings. The digital proposition is that maybe that content could be shaped for other modes of delivery, and maybe that might suit some members of the audience better. Cue crys of “ But Theatre will never change ” “ The smell of the greasepaint, the roar of the crowd “. Exit stage left. “This year’s report shows that while the positive impact of technology on organisations remains high, there is a gap between the ambition of arts and cultural organisations in relation to digital technology and their ability to execute on those ambitions.” Sam Mitchell, Native, NESTA Rant on at Create Hub .entry-content article blog create hub culture digital #post-## Digital Culture Google Cultural Institute December 16, 2015 Martin Leave a comment .entry-header I went over to Paris to visit the Google Cultural Institute Lab with some work colleagues from The Place this week. Great to see their facilities and demo the gigapixel technology of the Google Art Project at large size. Zooming in to brush stroke-level detail of the classic paintings on a wall sized screen is pretty impressive. The thing that struck me most is the focus in terms of identifying the techniques or products that have the most potential and pushing them as far as possible. The innovation of the 360 Street View cameras is still moving forward with the new 360 performing arts presentations on the Google Cultural Institute  and of course the DIY VR technology of Cardboard – proudly flagged as being invented at the Lab in Paris. We got a small insight into other areas of research, but I can’t help but be curious about what secrets might be cooking in the Lab.     .entry-content 360 video google cultural institute innovation paris #post-## Posts navigation 1 2 … 52 Next → .pagination .navigation #content #primary Recent Posts The Digital Dark Age is coming Open for Disruption Google Cultural Institute Story Agents Live Theatre Broadcast Follow me About Me Martin is the Digital Projects Manager at London Philharmonic Orchestra. Bringing with him over 20 years experience of leading digital innovation in the arts and culture sector and a background in audio and media arts. Using creative thought to business ends, he founded the Digital Media Centre in 2006, devised a gamified mobile app for Oxford Dance Festival and the international recruitment event, Virtual Open Day for The Place. He brought live streamed digital broadcasting to regional arts venues and was a founder of the Digital Berkshire business network. He has hosted a decade of conferences on sonic arts, community radio, digital performance; trained hundreds of people in production and authoring skills - and podcasted everything. Amazon.co.uk Widgets #content-sidebar #main-content #secondary #main Proudly powered by WordPress .site-info #colophon #page ngg_resource_manager_marker Start of StatCounter Code End of StatCounter Code 