WBS Welcome to the Web home of the Washington Balalaika Society.  Here you will find information about the WBS Orchestra, our Ensembles, our performance schedule and lots more.  If you're a musician yourself and live in the Washington area you may be interested in when and where we rehearse, how to join the Society or instruction on the domra, balalaika or bayan.  If you're  a lover of fine music, you'll want to know where we'll be appearing this season, who will be performing with us and how you can get tickets to our concerts. Within these pages you'll also find interesting  background on the origins and history of the Russian folk orchestra, descriptions of all of  the instruments we play, how to be a member of our Balalaika Guild, how to buy our CDs and a great deal more. The WBS is a community-based orchestra of more than 50 musicians with a mixture of amateur and professional training.   We work hard to earn and maintain our reputation as one of the finest of our genre. We are also a community of  friends. Members thoroughly enjoy the warmth and hospitality of the group and we encourage others of all ages to join in the fun -- after all, as the saying goes, "We don't stop playing because we grow old -- we grow old because we stop playing." Our conductor and artistic director, Svetlana Nikonova, is a graduate of the Rimsky-Korsakov Conservatory in St. Petersburg, Russia, and previously worked with the world-renowned Andreyev Balalaika Orchestra there.  She is a talented arranger and domra professional as well as an experienced conductor, and we look forward to many more outstanding  concert seasons under her leadership. Whatever your reason for visiting, we're glad you did and hope to have the opportunity to meet you in person. We're always happy to hear from you, and we encourage you to stop by often. Jan Bohm, President ALL 2019 WBS PERFORMANCES 'The Balalaika Guild' is a registered service mark of the Washington Balalaika Society. The Washington Balalaika Society is a community-based 501.c.3 cultural and educational corporation. All Contents Copyright Washington Balalaika Society 2009, 2010, 2011, 2012,2013, 2014, 2015, 2016, 2017, 2018, 2019 Copyright © 2019. All Rights Reserved. OUR SUPPORTERS Programs presented by The Washington Balalaika Society are supported in part by the Virginia Commission for the Arts and the National Endowment for the Arts. To learn more about these organizations and their important role in supporting the arts in Virginia, click on the logos above! Menu       HOME ABOUT WBS ABOUT WBS Arttistic Director Ensembles Ensembles Spirit of St. Petersburg Beltway Balalaikas Russkie Musikanti 2019 Performance Schedule History of the Washington Balalaika Society History of the Balalaika Orchestra Our Music Our Music Instruments WBS Music Lessons Video Sampler Events DONATE STORE STORE CD Sales Ticket Sales JOIN WBS JOIN WBS Get Involved Rehearsals CONTACT US LINKS MEMBERS ONLY MEMBERS ONLY Download Music Pay Dues Google Listserv Our 30th Year! Check our schedule for upcoming performances! Summer rehearsals - 7:30 - 9:00 PM.   Like us on SEE AND HEAR THE WASHINGTON BALALAIKA SOCIETY ORCHESTRA! The orchestra performed at Millennium Stage at the John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts. Click below to see and hear that performance. Click here: The Washington Balaliaka Society Orchestra at the Kennedy Center's Millennium Stage. 