Bryan Sutton Home About Tour Learn Media Contact Bryan Sutton comment the linebreak between these two elements because science comment the linebreak between these two elements because science Home About Tour Learn Media Contact style below blocks out the mobile nav toggle only when nav is loaded Banner nothing to see here, move along Create index sections For Pages For Galleries For Albums For Pages About Bryan Bryan Sutton is the most accomplished and awarded acoustic guitarist of his generation, an innovator who bridges the bluegrass flatpicking traditions of the 20th century with the dynamic roots music scene of the 21st. His rise from buzzed-about young sideman to first-call Nashville session musician to membership in one of history’s greatest bluegrass bands has been grounded in quiet professionalism and ever-expanding musicianship. Sutton is a Grammy Award winner and a nine-time International Bluegrass Music Association Guitar Player of the Year. But these are only the most visible signs of Sutton’s accomplishments. He inherited and internalized a technically demanding instrumental style and become for young musicians of today the same kind of model and hero that Tony Rice and Clarence White were for him. And supplementing his instrumental work, he’s now a band leader, record producer, mentor, educator and leader in online music instruction. Read more   Tour Dates The Tour Dates Block is rendered by Handlebars. See all dates For Galleries For Albums For Pages The More I Learn New album AVAILABLE NOW On The More I Learn , Sutton asserts himself as a songwriter and auteur in his own right - one who has assimilated wide-ranging influences in American roots music, and distilled them into something strong and personal. It’s the sound and approach he’ll be carrying forward as leader of his own band. Shop iTunes   For Galleries For Albums For Pages Artistworks Bryan has created an extensively detailed library of bluegrass guitar lessons at ArtistWorks. Students have unlimited access to hundreds of flatpick guitar lessons - plus guitar tabs, backing tracks, special guests, and worldwide community of bluegrass guitar enthusiasts. Learn More   For Galleries For Albums For Pages Facebook Bryan Sutton Visit Facebook   Twitter Bryan Sutton RT @ Hot_Rize : Hot Rize's "Out on the Ocean" video is out now! Check back later this week for an interview with Bryan Sutton on th… https://t.co/72tDt8BLju about 8 months ago Bryan Sutton RT @ Hot_Rize : https://t.co/hMuq6ufQpq https://t.co/hMuq6ufQpq about 8 months ago Bryan Sutton RT @ tommyemmanuel : Excited to announce I've been added to IBMA's Wide Open Bluegrass Festival this year. I will be playing Friday, Sep… https://t.co/sKOXKBW9Nv about 10 months ago Visit Twitter For Galleries For Albums For Pages Subscribe Sign up to receive news and updates from Bryan. First Name Last Name Email Address Sign Up We respect your privacy. Thank you! For Galleries For Albums Back to Top Home Subscribe Tour ArtistWorks Contact Links Bryan Sutton | The More I Learn Website by Designing the Row 