Function Band London | Wedding Band London | Azure Home About What Azure offers How it works Why Azure? Our promise Equipment Weddings Corporate events The Band Tom George Stuart Bahn Justin Swaine Dave Troke Ed Williams Jenny Deacon Nathan Hawkens Video Testimonials Repertoire Areas Berkshire Bournemouth Brighton Buckinghamshire Essex Guildford Hampshire Hertfordshire Kent London Luton Oxford Oxfordshire Portsmouth Reading Southampton Surrey Sussex Nationwide Blog Contact London's Finest Function Band Contemporary and Classic Brilliance for your Wedding, Function or Event. Get Quote Why Azure? London's Finest Function Band Azure is a premium London function band and London wedding band available for YOUR wedding, function or event. However big or small your celebration, Azure's versatility as a wedding band, their vast repertoire and stunning musicianship guarantees you and your guests a fabulous evening of dancing and partying to the music you love. Contact Azure now for your all-inclusive quote and book London's premium function band for your wedding or event. Want to see why Azure has the reputation for being the best wedding band and function band in London? Just take a look at their showcase video. You'll see how their energy, sense of fun and breath-taking musicianship simply bursts off the screen. Azure crafts their vast repertoire of modern and classic hits to enable them to please guests and audiences of all ages and tastes. Azure's fun nature and onstage chemistry has become the standard by which other London function bands and wedding bands are judged. Hire Azure as your London wedding band or function band for your wedding or event in London, Hampshire, Surrey, Sussex or beyond, and get the ultimate in live music. Watch Video Watch Azure Function Band in Action Meet the band What makes Azure such a special London wedding band? It’s not just their remarkable musicianship or their perfect track record. It’s Azure’s remarkable ability to play just the right song at just the right time, something few London function bands can achieve. One of London's best wedding bands, Azure skilfully crafts their performance on the night to get the best possible response from your guests. The result is a fun-packed night of dancing for your guests and a fantastically successful and memorable celebration for you. Want to know more about the best wedding band and function band in London? Come and meet the band members themselves. What Makes Azure London's Best Function Band? When you book Azure as your London wedding band, you don’t just get a great function band. You get total reliability and peace of mind. Azure function band comes with all the necessary sound and lighting equipment as standard, so you don’t need to provide a thing. The band even provides professionally mixed music when they’re not performing so you don’t need to hire a DJ. As a top London wedding band, Azure knows how important your wedding is. With Azure as your wedding band you get great music, friendliness and professionalism from the first phone call to the last party popper of the evening. More Than Just a Great London Function Band Learn More What clients say about Azure Function Band Thank you so much! What can say? Such a fabulous band, such lovely guys… you got everything right! Wonderful music, fun, friendly, super-professional! If anyone is looking for the perfect London wedding band book Azure!!! Wedding, Surrey, 29 August 2015 –Victoria S. Read Azure’s 5 Star Google Reviews Find Out More About Azure See Azure in Action Watch Video Click here to watch Azure’s showcase video. See their high energy performance, stunning musicianship and versatility. Band Biographies Meet Azure Meet the members of the best London wedding band. Here you’ll find biogs of the Azure band members. Contemporary & Classic Repertoire Azure’s ever-expanding repertoire of modern hits and classic floor-fillers allows them to cater for all musical tastes.   Legal / Sitemap Privacy Policy Terms of Service Sitemap Follow Azure RSS Twitter Facebook Copyright All content copyright 2019 unless indicated. Contact 020 3556 0429 07876 552 375 Azure Function Band 21 Chandos Avenue London W5 4EP 