Oboe for Sale - Carlos Coelho - Oboe Repair, Master Oboe Technician skip to Main Content Oboes for Sale Lorée Oboes Student Oboes English Horns Used Oboes and English Horns Services Repair and Customization Routine Maintenance Appraisal and Selling Guided Oboe Buying Resources Contact Carlos About Carlos Reviews Upcoming Appearances Links of Interest FAQs Insights and Advice for Oboes and English Horns Packing and Shipping Instructions Accessories The Coelho Shaper Tip Supplies for Sale Contact Carlos #site-navigation #site-navigation-wrap Open Mobile Menu #header Carlos Coelho Instruments that pass through Carlos’ hands just play better. Contact Carlos Today Buy an Oboe or an English Horn Repair Your Oboe With a Lorée Trained Master No one knows a Lorée Oboe  like Carlos. Carlos’  special history  with Lorée, his  decades of experience, and passion for Oboes:    personally brings out the richest and  fullest voice in each Lorée Oboe. Lorée Oboes for sale Carlos’ Lorée oboes are masterfully elevated to their  full potential, and those expertise are  not added to the price. Trusted by Students, Parents, and Professionals World Wide. Don’t take our word for it – check out the reviews. There is a real difference in the oboes you'll find with Carlos. He teaches you the difference between a quality oboe and the rest. I am in love with the new Lorée oboe I purchased from him - I don't think I could have found an oboe that fit my playing style and what I needed more perfectly anywhere else. Thanks Carlos! Casey Brookes First Chair Oboe Student Carlos Coelho has been my expert oboe technician and primary source for Lorée Oboes for the majority of my professional career. As an oboist himself, he is extremely sensitive to the needs of his clients. His work is the standard in the industry, and is backed by his personal integrity and many years of experience. Robert Atherholt Professor of Oboe - Rice University Retired Principal Oboe - Houston Symphony I have been purchasing fine Oboes, Oboes d'Amore, and English Horns from Carlos Coelho for many years and appreciate his excellent selection of instruments as well his fine service, both for myself and for my students. Richard Killmer Professor of Oboe - Eastman School of Music I need a stable oboe, in pitch, color, control, scale, evenness. Circumstances do not permit me to compensate for an oboe's shortcomigs. I need a partner in an oboe, an instrument that can instantly follow my objectives. That oboe I found in the Lorée 125 I bought from Carlos Coelho, and which I proudly used for this years Chicago Symphony Principal Oboe audition. Alex Klein Principal Oboe - Chicago Symphony I have had the good fortune of working with Carlos Coelho for almost 20 years, and I can't say enough about the professionalism and polish of his business. He is an absolute perfectionist in his repair work, and new oboes are only sent out for trial only after they have been thoroughly gone over and adjusted. Carlos is forever part of my professional team; making the life of an oboist so much easier! Erin Hannigan Principal Oboe - Dallas Symphony Oboe Professor - Southern Methodist University Our oboe world is so fortunate to have such a wonderful oboist/musician who sells and maintains instruments. I have never been disappointed with his workmanship in adjusting and repairing instruments, and I can always be certain that when purchasing a new oboe from Carlos, the oboe will have been thoroughly tested and regulated. Carlos is the best and I can't imagine oboe life without him! He is a great friend as well. Dr. Doris DeLoach Professor of Oboe - Baylor University Carlos Coelho is one of 'the good guys'! Honest and reliable, he is an oboe/English horn repairman/craftsman of the highest level. I wish he worked in NYC! Sherry Sylar Associate Principal Oboe - New York Philharmonic I am proud to purchase my oboes from Carlos Coelho and recommend my students to him as well! We always receive great customer service and the finest Lorée oboes from which to choose. Carlos has a great selection of oboes and services .... before, during, and after the purchase. Thank you, Carlos! Nancy Ambrose King Professor of Oboe - University of Michigan See More Reviews Here Meet Carlos   Carlos Coelho is an Oboe and English H orn master, and he’s here to help you. Carlos works with and plays all the Oboes that pass  through his shop.  That’s why Carlos’ Oboes play and perform  with an unmatchable difference.   Carlos has decades of experience and mastery.  His service will exceed your expectations. The Oboes Carlos sells and repairs are noticeably better. Learn Why Carlos Coelho proudly services the whole United States. What can Carlos do for you? Students and Parents We take special care of our Oboe and English Horn student. We help you select the best Oboe in your price range,  and explain where your money is going. You’ll be in love with your new Oboe, have the best price, and know how to keep your investment in top shape for years to come. Check out our  Student Oboes  for sale. Professional Musicians Carlos Coelho is fluent in your Language. If you’re looking for an English Horn or  Oboe for sale  or  for oboe and English Horn  supplies , you’re in the right  place. If you’re looking for  repair or customization  of your Oboe – you’re in the right place.  Contact Carlos if you need any help. Financing Available Carlos’ financing rates, the best in the business, can help you afford the Oboe you are looking for without breaking your budget. For Financing Information Contact Carlos Today Looking for a new Oboe or English Horn? Our Oboes and English Horns play better.  Noticeably . Check out our Student Oboes Check out our Lorée Oboes Contact Carlos for personalized guidance in finding the perfect Oboe. Learn your options, find the best deal, and bring home the best Oboe or English Horn by contacting Carlos today. By Phone 317-920-0519 By Email Carlos@CarlosOboe.com Live in the Indianapolis Area? Schedule a Visit – We’re Local. Indianapolis area Oboists are in luck! Carlos Coelho is located right in Indianapolis’s backyard. That means some of the best oboe craftsmanship in the world is here in the heart of Indiana. Come visit the shop, see the selection, test a few instruments, and meet Mr. Coelho himself. Carlos is located by Meridian and 38th Street, between the Indianapolis Museum of Art and the Indiana State Fairgrounds. Give us a call so we can expect you! 3854 North Washington Boulevard Indianapolis, IN 46205 Frequently Asked Questions What brands of Oboe and English Horn do you service? Carlos works with all brands of professional instruments – Lorée, Howarth, Marigaux, Bulgheroni, and Fox to name a few. Carlos also works with well-made, quality brands of student instruments like the  Cabart Student Oboe . Check out our  repair or customization page or contact us for more information. What should I do to maintain my instrument? Routine maintenance should be performed annually. For professionals, students and other Oboists playing their Oboes or English Horns for several hours each day, we highly recommend maintenance every 6 months. This prevents having to pay for costly repairs or restorations that may otherwise occur. We encourage you to book a late spring/summer appointment by calling our oboe shop to get your Oboe or English Horn in top condition. That way we can get your oboe back to you sooner, as you’re not stuck in the fall and winter rush – a result of emergency repairs. See our   Routine Maintenance Service   page for more information. Section How do I ship my oboe to you? When sending an Oboe or English Horn to our oboe shop, please ship your instrument by UPS or FedEx (NOT the Post Office). Additionally, please only use packing peanuts, and avoid using layers of bubble wrap and excessive taping. See our   Packing and Shipping  page for more information. I live in the area, do you do drop-in repairs? Feel free to telephone or email our oboe shop and Carlos will help if he can, but there are no guarantees. Schedule an appointment ahead of time to make sure you’re helped. We are always happy to see you and your instrument in person. Do you buy used oboes and English horns? We do not buy used instruments or accept trade-ins. We do, however, sell  Used Oboes , and can advertise your oboe for sale on our website. When you purchase a new instrument from our Oboe store, this is a free service to you as our valued customer. Otherwise, there is a modest 10% commission charge. See our   Appraisals and Selling  page for more information. Carlos is an Oboe and English Horn master, and he’s here for you. He specializes in selling noticeably better Oboes and English Horns and helping his clients find the best instrument for them. Contact Carlos if you would like help or have any questions. #single-blocks #content #primary #sidebar-inner #sidebar .container #main-content Oboes for Sale Services Resources Carlos Facebook Twitter #wrap #outer-wrap Back To Top × 