The British Columbia Conservatory of Music British Columbia Conservatory of Music Vision Passion Excellence Main Menu Skip to content Home About Us President’s Welcome Faculty Locations and Maps Careers Programs Registration Examinations Festival Bookstore Repertoire Studies Syllabus Japanese Festival FAQ Contact us Audio Library Audio Library-Repertoire Audio Library–Studies   #masthead .site-header The BC Conservatory of Music .entry-header The BC Conservatory of Music schools in Vancouver, Burnaby and Port Coquitlam offer lessons from various instruments such as piano, violin, flute, saxophone, clarinet, guitar, voice lessons and theory lessons. The BCCM provides quality instruction by professional teachers and musicians for students planning professional careers as teachers, performers and/or composers, or those pursuing music for their own personal enjoyment. See programs. BCCM Music Festival The festival runs from May 1 st  to May 30 th , 2019. Seasoned adjudicators, teachers and clinicians are brought in from all parts of the lower mainland to work with the participants. The festival is open to the public, who are welcome to attend any class as part of the audience. The festival culminates with an Honors Recital and Awards Ceremony which will showcase a number of the top scholarship winners. Registration and Policies – General Information Whether you are interested in private or group lessons, Examinations or the BCCM Music Festival, there are convenient registration options. Students may submit their registration form directly online or print out a PDF form that may be mailed, faxed, or dropped off at the BCCM office. BCCM Examinations – Piano and Theory With the increased interest in music as a means of developing essential study skills, concentration and self-discipline, which virtually guarantees future success in any field, the BCCM examination system provides a stimulating, comprehensive goal for all students. See exams.   .entry-content #post-389 #comments .comments-area #content #primary .site-content Tuition Fees Register for Lessons Register for an Exam Teacher Training Piano Syllabus Theory Syllabus International Students Performances .menu-secondary .widget-area #secondary Upcoming: BCCM Winter Piano/Theory Examinations   General Information Events:  July 2018 – August 2019 Operational Days: Sept 2018 – Aug 2019 Map – Free Parking   Bookstore Piano examination books of repertoire, studies, technique, sight reading and ear training for beginner to Diploma Level students. Connect With Us! #secondary .widget-area #main Burnaby School (main Campus) 4549 East Hastings St. Burnaby, BC, V5C 2K3 (604) 299-2984 #first .widget-area Port Coquitlam School 1016 Riverwood Gate Port Coquitlam BC V3B 8A2 (604) 299-2984 #second .widget-area Vancouver School 109 E 40th Ave Vancouver, BC, V5W 1L6 (604) 299-2984 #third .widget-area Follow us on Twitter! My Tweets #fourth .widget-area #supplementary Proudly powered by WordPress | Theme: Oxygen by AlienWP . .site-info .site-footer .site-footer #page .hfeed .site 