	Home Studio Work Special Projects Concerts Media Artistic Director Contact
Welcome to LondonEnsemble.com 

The London Ensemble provides extensive string, wind, brass and percussion combinations through to full orchestra for concerts, studio recordings; and private and corporate bookings. 

London Ensemble highlights include the world premiere screening of Hitchcock‘s Psycho with a live orchestral soundtrack performed by the London Ensemble in 'real-time' (SKY Movies) and a gala performance at Hampton Court Palace alongside Dame Kiri te Kanawa and José Carreras; special events including the Palisades Grand Opening in Dubai and a Goldman Sachs Gala at the Tower of London; soundtracks for the BBC, New Line Cinema US, the National Geographic Channel, the Discovery Channel, tv advertising campaigns for Saatchi & Saatchi, FCB, Lowe and Grey, as well as recordings for Warner Chappell, Universal and Sony.



Audio Player Loading...
London Ensemble...marvellous, never faltered. 
The Times 



...concentration and flair, the performance of the night. 
The Independent 



...the listener was struck by the sustained level of technical mastery.
The Sunday Times 



...masterly playing, impeccably phrased and articulated. Rarely has Mozart come dancing off the pageso enticingly.
International Record Review 



...performed brilliantly - with sensitive empathy for the music and charming delicacy. Beethoven's bidding that 'music should set the human soul alight' was satisfied to perfection.
Hannover Zeitung 



...offered a calm, unruffled integrity of delivery, ensuring that every component fell securelyinto place. Sheer dynamism.
The Guardian 



…played with confidence and utter musical assurance, with a singing rich tone, great power ofprojection, meticulous accuracy of intonation and attack and with deeply felt expressivity.
The Strad


Call +44 (0)208 693 2747 
We Look Forward To Hearing From You.
Your Name:
Email:
Phone
Message:
© 2009 - 2019 London Ensemble Limited  /  Worldwide Artists Limited. Registered in England and Wales. 



Home  Studio Work  Special Projects  Concerts  Media  Artistic Director  Contact

Share by: 