2019/2020 EPO Symphonic Season Home 2019/2020 Season 2019/2020 Season Nature's Power in Music Tales of a Canadian Pioneer The Gift of Christmas DISCOVERY SERIES: A Musical Journey Through Time The Swirl of Humanity Celebration of Invention About Us Our History Our Members Our Music Director Our Team Contact Us Concert Venues Links Tickets Sponsors Sponsors Silent Auction Youth & Education Youth in the Arts EPO Student Scholarship Charlotte Thorpe Memorial Fund The Music Listening Project Young Composers Competition 2019 Soloists Arthur Ozolins Elijah Orlenko Elliot Sloss Joseph Johnson Mark Whale Matthew Jones Nathanial Houston Vanessa Yu Past Soloists Upcoming Concerts Nature's Power in Music October 25, 2019 A program that explores the majesty of the natural world and the power of the human imagination. Grieg’s In Autumn, Stravinsky’s Firebird, and selections from Alexander Borodin and Peter Hatch celebrate the breadth of the human experience. Cellist Joseph Johnson joins the EPO for a performance of Tchaikovsky’s Rococo Variations dominated by the celebration of elaborate ornamentation. Tales of a Canadian Pioneer November 22, 2019 Music that tells a story of a French Canadian pioneer girl determined to thrive in the north of our great province. Oshawa French Canadian composer Luc Arsenault shares his majestic composition Histoire d’une petite pionnière du Nord (Tale of a Northern Pioneer Girl). Join concerto winners from the North York Music Festival all framed by the majestic Elgar Enigma Variations. The Gift of Christmas December 13, 2019 Amongst the Christmas cheer of your favourite Christmas repertoire, conductor Matthew Jones trades his baton for a recorder, joined by fellow recorder player Nate Houston and concertmaster Mark Whale in a performance of the Brandenburg Concerto No. 4. A fun and lively Holiday celebration with our popular Singalong and Silent Auction. DISCOVERY SERIES: A Musical Journey Through Time January 26, 2020 Join the EPO as it inaugurates a new series designed to explore the vast world of orchestral music. Enter our orchestral time machine and journey from Giovanni Gabrieli’s Canzoni of the renaissance, Bach’s compositions from the baroque era, the romanic music of Tchaikovsky all the way back to our own 21st century with Canadian John Estacio's Frenergy. The Swirl of Humanity March 27, 2020 The Tragic Overture by Brahms comments dramatically on the spirit of tragedy in human life. Written at the same time as the jubilant Academic Festival Overture, Brahms famously declared “one weeps, the other laughs”. Shostakovich was more strongly affected by the vagaries of history and politics than most composers, since he lived in a country where "Big Brother" was constantly watching everyone. It is thought that Shostakovich began his Symphony No. 10 only a few months after Stalin’s death, a political shift that brought forth a time when the Soviet government stopped bullying. Celebration of Invention May 8, 2020 Franz Liszt published “Les Préludes” in 1856, and the term “Symphonic Poem” was born – a work inspiring scenes, images, or moods. Brahms’ mighty Piano Concerto was inspired by the composer’s experiences crossing the Alps to Italy as he drafted his ideas for his monumental second Piano Concerto. 2019/2020 EPO Symphonic Season We are very excited to share with you the 2019/2020 season of the award-winning Etobicoke Philharmonic Orchestra. Please join us in October with Music Director Matthew Jones and experience his vision and enthusiasm as we continue to present engaging classical music concerts in Etobicoke. Buy Tickets Now NEW! All Patrons who have purchased their tickets prior to 12:00 noon on concert day will be eligible to enter a draw for a future concert ticket credit voucher. The EPO is inviting submissions for its fifth Young Composers Competition. Original works scored for orchestra will be judged by a three member panel. Learn More The Music Listening Project Become a participant, listen to the podcasts and develop a deeper understanding of music through active listening. Learn More Donations to the Etobicoke Philharmonic Orchestra help us to sustain and grow our programs including our youth development initiatives. Donate Now EPO Principal Player Vacancy The Etobicoke Philharmonic Orchestra has a vacancy for a principal cello player. Full details... EPO Newsletter Find out more about upcoming concerts! real people should not fill this in and expect good things - do not remove this or risk form bot signups Connect With Us Concert Sponsors © 2019 eporchestra.ca . 