David Hazeltine | David Hazeltine Home News Biography Itinerary Discography Reviews Gallery Contact Latest news: The Time is Now, available October 26! End News Display Template 07/21/19 Dizzy's Club, NYC More... 07/26/19 San Francisco More... More upcoming events Next up 07/21/19 Dizzy's Club, NYC More... 07/26/19 San Francisco More... More upcoming events Welcome Welcome to my website. From here you can navigate through the history of my recordings ; download my electronic press kit ; access my educational courses; and view my performance itinerary throughout the world. " David Hazeltine is one of a handful of contemporary pianists who has mastered all of the major musical skills, from improvisation and technique, to accompaniment, arranging, and composition. Even more impressive, David is the rare artist able to innovate in each category. Thus it’s no surprise that he’s the most recorded contemporary jazz pianist of our time, having recorded thirty five cd’s as a leader and hundreds more as a sideman, on various major labels globally. A Milwaukee native, David was playing the clubs as a preteen, and before he’d even come of age he was already grabbing the attention and respect of jazz legends like Sonny Stitt, and Chet Baker. " Read more about David in his biography News 09/01/18 The Time is Now, available October 26! Pianist and composer David Hazeltine brings his long-held dream to fruition with fellow jazz masters, bassist Ron Carter and drummer Al Foster, on "The Time Is Now," available October 26! More... 01/17/18 Jazz Arranging and Skype lessons! David has added the video Jazz Arranging Concepts to My Music Masterclass! More... 08/17/17 The Bebop Piano Masterclass continues! In the follow-up to his popular bebop piano lesson series, acclaimed pianist David Hazeltine expands on the quintessential elements of bebop. More... 07/07/17 Keyboard Magazine Artist of the Week Great article with David from Keyboard Magazine including news of an upcoming trio record with Ron Carter and Al Foster! More... 05/21/17 Bebop Piano Masterclass Series David Hazeltine shows you the quintessential elements of bebop in a two part piano lesson series at MyMusicMasterclass.com. More... Skype lessons David is now also offering Skype lessons in piano and arranging! Contact David directly for more information. Sign up! Sign up for David's newsletter today. Begin MailChimp Signup Form real people should not fill this in and expect good things - do not remove this or risk form bot signups End mc_embed_signup Music Reviews "David Hazeltine is for sure the brightest star on the jazz piano horizon. His style has a deep-seated commitment to jazz history while communicating a wealth of 'today' ideas." - Cedar Walton More... Presskit Download David's press kit here. Website design: VanDerKlaauw Design & Marketing Copyright © 2004-2019 David Hazeltine jQuery (necessary for Bootstrap's JavaScript plugins) Include all compiled plugins (below), or include individual files as needed 