Gary-Michael Dahl Band. Jazz, R&B, Caribbean music. body start html embeds start body start html embeds end Home Photo Gallery Videos Song List Reviews Clients Forum Contact More Gary-Michael Dahl Band One of Houston's highest-rated bands for R&B, Smooth Jazz, and Caribbean according to SUNNY 99.1, Houston Parks & Recreation Dept., and Gigmasters.  Extraordinarily versatile and can perform jazz, R&B,  reggae, soca, Top-40, rock, latin, zydeco and outstanding original material.   Peforming a range of material far beyond that of typical bands, all members are virtuoso instrumentalists as well as vocalists. With nearly a 5-octave vocal range, Dahl can perform songs ranging from Stevie Wonder, Marvin Gaye, and Journey to Bob Marley. All members are college-educated musicians that mesh together like a fine watch and are easy to work with. ​ Gary-Michael Dahl Band has been voted outstanding band at many music festivals. House band for the NFL Houston Texans for 5 years.  They have performed at many of Houston's largest events including: House of Blues, SUNNY 99.1 Concert Series, 95.7 The Wave Concert Series, Sugar Land Concert Series, Houston Auto Show , Moody Gardens, International Festival, Houston Livestock & Rodeo, Galveston Mardi Gras, Party On the Plaza, Pearland Concert Series, Woodlands Concert Series, Juneteenth, Reliant Stadium , Toyota Center , George R. Brown Convention Center, HEB Feast Of Sharing Concert, Gallery Furniture Grand Re-Opening and many more. Gary-Michael Dahl has been selected previously to represent Houston in out-of-town concerts to attract convention business to Houston. Live Video Demos   (Click song tab to see video) Smooth Jazz Smiles & Smiles to Go Ain't Nobody Peg Higher Love R&B Michael Jackson Medley Fire/Roller Coaster Medley Cupid Shuffle Play That Funky Music Caribbean I Shot The Sheriff Now That We've Found Love Hot, Hot, Hot Lambada Pop, Zydeco, Misc. In The Summertime I Don't Know If It's Zydeco Crazy Forget You “The Gary Michael Dahl Band was fabulous...one of the best bands with which we have worked.”     Jill V. , Go, Inc.  Austin, TX 10/1/2017 ​ “OMG, WOW! WOW! I seriously cannot say enough good things about the Gary-Michael Dahl Band. This band is INCREDIBLE and so much more! We were lucky enough to book them for a company holiday party this year, and they just blew the party away. The whole band is just phenomenal, and you will not be disappointed.”  Tiffany B., Houston, TX  12/5/2015 ​ “We have never seen a group that can perform the range of material that this band can deliver. Amazing band and the best we have ever worked with." - (Port Of Houston Authority) ​  “Fantastic group and the best band in the history of the festival!  Amazingly versatile music repertoire with great vocals and instrumentalists. We've never seen that kind of crowd reaction from a jazz band before at the festival. They ended the show with a Michael Jackson medley and a Caribbean soca jam. Festival was a total success and we've already asked them back next year." - (River Oaks Jazz Festival) ​ "One of the select few greats….." (SUNNY 99.1) ​ "….indisputably one of the finest and most versatile groups in Houston…." (Houston Parks & Recreation Dept.) MiniBand configuration for small spaces Last-Minute Holiday Party?    The "MiniBand" performs small holiday concerts at your office: morning/noon/afternoon.   15-minute setup, inexpensive, and great for company morale!! No Footer body end html embeds start body end html embeds end 