Bishops Stortford Ukulele Society – Heptonstall Theme Skip to content Bishops Stortford Ukulele Society .header-left View groups/BSUS2011’s profile on Facebook View @StortfordBSUS’s profile on Twitter Heptonstall Theme .header-right Menu Home Diary Reviews Videos News Contact Us #masthead Bishop’s Stortford Ukulele Society .entry-header Bishop’s Stortford Ukulele Society (BSUS) meets at The Emmaus Centre next to St James Church, Thorley every Wednesday from 7.30pm to 10.00pm. Just come along, bring your uke, and have fun. Check out our Diary for dates of our practice sessions and gigs. sdr   Our members are at all levels and we even have one or two experts. You can come for some or all of the session but it can be overwhelming for absolute beginners/learners. Therefore we’ve introduced lessons and separate sessions for them at our home on a Monday or Tuesday evening, to try simple strum techniques and chord changes etc. In the general session at the Emmaus Centre we play songs from our 2 Song Books (100 Songs in each) and rehearse for gigs till 9.20pm. After a short break there is a “round the table” for those wishing to perform a song and we finish the evening with requests for some of our favourites till 10.0 p.m.  We pay £5 a session.  Contact  us for more information. We also play local fetes and festivals, private parties and we organise several charity gigs each year. See the Diary for dates of our gigs and sessions. BSUS also has a Facebook page. Please join us to get more information about our gigs. You can follow us on Twitter – @StortfordBSUS .entry-content .entry-footer #post-## #main #primary Latest News Great feedback from Anstey Fair 19th July 2019 9:59 am A big thank you from all of us on the Fair Committee to BSUS for giving up your time and talents once again to enhance our event. People really enjoyed your music and you play and sing so well! Read more → Fundraising for Grove Cottage 30th May 2019 4:26 pm We were pleased to hear that Michael & Hannah Shine raised £4,000 for Grove Cottage at their Open Garden last weekend. We hope we played a small part in this by playing on Sunday afternoon. Read more → Bish Bash 10th May 2019 9:50 am We enjoyed playing at Bish Bash on May 5th (even though it was freezing!!) Hope we can have a later slot next year. Read more → #tertiary #content © Bishops Stortford Ukulele Society 2019 .site-info #colophon #page 