Freshlyground Menu end container_wrap FRESHLYGROUND South Africa’s Premier Live Act For bookings and queries please call Kerri on +27 (0) 82 579 2689 or email info@freshlyground.com close content main element Freshlyground are a great group to work with, they are so friendly and relaxed, and so easy and professional to work with. The great thing about them is that they’re so diverse and can make anyone want to get up and dance.  We only receive positive and wonderful feedback from our clients having the group perform at their event, let it be corporate or public. Layla – Entertainment Online - September 2018 Having worked with Freshlyground for many years we are always delighted by the level of professionalism and great delivery of client brief! Jenny – About Entertainment – September 2018 Freshlyground are not just an internationally acclaimed band, they are a group of professional people who deliver outstanding music and working with them is an experience which exceeds the highest of expectations. I’ll definitely recommend them every time!  Dawn – Pinotage on Tap Series - September 2018 About the band One of the most acclaimed and successful bands to emerge from South Africa in recent years, Freshlyground blends the infectious kwela style and musical traditions from Zimbabwe and Mozambique with elements of pop, jazz, blues and indie rock. Formed in Cape Town the band became a national hit with the release of their 2003 debut, Jika Jika, and a year later they found themselves performing for South African President Mbeki and sharing the stage with the legendary Miriam Makeba at the North Sea Jazz Festival. Over the ensuing years, Freshlyground have toured the world and recorded seven increasingly popular albums, including a collaboration with pop superstar Shakira that was chosen as the official song of the 2010 FIFA World Cup. They performed the song during the closing ceremony in a televised event that was broadcast to over a billion people. On a visit to South Africa in June 2013 during a speech at the University of Cape Town, President Barack Obama cited Freshlyground as an example of the contributions South Africa has made to the world. They truly represent the fresh new face of African music. EPK close content main div section close by builder template end builder template close default .container_wrap element © Copyright - Freshlyground 2018 ####### END SOCKET CONTAINER ####### end main end wrap_all Scroll to top 