BLOOMLINE.NETwork of Independent Artists left column About Bloomline.Net Bloomline.Net is a federative non-profit organization promoting independent artists on the internet. All Bloomline.Net members present their own web pages with concert- and background information, links and free downloads. This information portal, the news section and the e-commerce facilities are collectively shared. Contact Bloomline.Net Dagpauwoog 2 3295 PG 's-Gravendeel (NL) tel. +31 (0)78-673-6474 fax +31 (0)78-673-3324 office@bloomline.net Free Newsletter If you want to receive news and notifications for concerts and other events, subscribe to our free newsletter. Bloomline.Net Associates Tonos Musikverlags GmbH (in German/English) VVPN Vereniging voor Pianotechnici Nederland (in Dutch) The Hague Municipal Museum (Haags Gemeentemuseum) SCGN Stichting Nederlands Clavecimbel Genootschap (in Dutch) vertical spacer middle column Performance at Ens earns warm applause 'Solid unity with pleasant freshness' Critic Wouter Ruifrok writes favourably on performance at the Museumkerk in Schokland. [ Read this article... ] New programme for the coming season In commemoration of Scriabin For the season 2014-15 Marietta has composed a special programme with Preludes by Chopin and Scriabin. [ Read this article... ] Erasmus Trio at the Spiegelzaal On October 20th the Erasmus Trio will be among the guests in the programme Spiegelzaal. A Perfect Match In the Provinciale Zeeuwse Courant of February 25th 2013 reviewer Jeanette Vergouwen highly esteems the performance by pianist Marietta Petkova and violinist Vesko Eschkenazy. Critical Acclaim for Ems Concert In De Noordoostpolder of March 17, 2013 Wouter Ruifrok characterizes the concert of the Erasmus Trio in the church of Ems as a worthy conclusion of the season's concert series. 'Enchanting Story Teller at the Piano' In a review in Leidsch Dagblad of December 31, 2012 Marietta's playing is highly praised for her original approach to music and enchanting way of piano playing. Presentation of new CD's in Almere On Thursday October 25th 2 new CD's with live recordings made in 2012 in Rotterdam and Almere were presented at the Schouwburg Almere. Recently interviews with Marietta were published in Luister and Lifestyle Magazines. vertical spacer right column Artists Anne Cambier Burkhardt Soell Cristina Branco Erasmus Trio Koninklijke Militaire Kapel Leo Samama Marietta Petkova Muso Nederlands Blazers Ensemble Peter Beijersbergen van Henegouwen Quirijn van Regteren Altena Xiaojia Xu Agenda footer © 1999-2019 Bloomline.Net. All rights reserved. Terms of use | Privacy policy 