ï»¿ Ardeton String Quartet in Bristol and Bath | Wedding Music, Events, Sessions and Concerts in Bristol, Bath, Wiltshire, Gloucestershire Toggle navigation Logo The Ardeton String Quartet /Logo Weddings Wedding Services Wedding Packages Ceremony Music Wedding Jukebox Recommendations Previous Venues Testimonials Corporate Events Corporate Events Balls and Parties Previous Events Concerts / Sessions Concerts & Recitals Session, TV and Recording Work Watch Us About About Us Quartet History Members Gallery News Quartet Blog Music Full Printable List Classical Jazz & Pop Demo Tracks / Videos Listen While You Browse Book / Enquire Online Enquiry Form What happens next? Frequent Questions Travel and Working Areas Previous venues Contact Details Wedding Music A professional string quartet for your wedding day Wedding Music Services No Hourly Rate If things don't quite run to time on the day, you won't be left without music Wedding Packages Sessions, Concerts and Recitals As well as wedding music, we also perform concerts, as well as recording and performing in sessions Watch us play! Service service Wedding Music The Ardeton String Quartet have been providing high quality music for weddings in Bristol, Bath and the Cotswolds since 2001, and have been chosen by over 1200 couples to play for their special day. We can provide classical, jazz or pop music for your day, and requests are our speciality. col-sm-4 service Corporate Events With previous clients including Marks & Spencer, Sky and Lloyds Banking Group, The Ardeton String Quartet can provide music for corporate events, awards evenings and product launches across Wales, Bristol, Bath, Wiltshire, Gloucestershire and beyond. col-sm-4 service Sessions/Recordings The Ardeton Quartet have appeared as session strings on many albums, singles and EPs, recording at many of Bristol and Cardiff's leading studios. We also specialise in live chamber music performances, and have performed at many of the UK's big festivals and concert halls. col-sm-4 row section-content container Service The Ardeton String Quartet in Bristol Established - 2001 Whether a wedding, corporate event or party, t he Ardeton String Quartet will provide the perfect musical accompaniment to your day. From Bach to the Black Eyed Peas, Cole Porter to Jurassic Park, their unrivalled repertoire of over 1 6 hours of music is all written and performed to the highest standard - some of our arrangements are licensed for sale online and used by string quartets around the world . Since 2001, the Ardeton String Quartet has been selected by over 1 2 00 couples as their wedding music ians , as well as performing for national and international corporate clients . They have appeared on the BBC, ITV and Sky, as well as working with bands and songwriters. Their enjoyment for what they do comes across at every stage, along with their professionalism and friendliness. As one of the South West's most sought-after String Quartets, they have built an enviable reputation with clients and venues alike for their high standards - they are the recommended suppliers of many of the wedding venues across Bristol, Bath, Wiltshire, Somerset, the Cotswolds and Wales . They frequently travel as far north as the Midlands, as far west as Swansea, and South to Exeter. From the moment you book , they will talk you through your musical options for you day, help you to plan what is needed at each stage, and answer any questions you might have. They have a wide experience of playing at most types of event and venue, meaning you can relax on the day in the confidence that they will take care of everything musical for you . Why not download our wedding music brochure as a pdf. Why people choose The Ardeton String Quartet Professionalism We are a long-standing string quartet with experience of playing at over 1 2 00 events. As well as performing for events we work as a session quartet and play for concert societies and festivals across the UK. We are professional in our communication. From the moment you first make contact, we will guide you through the process of arranging the perfect music for your event, from quotation through to issue of contract, and on to choosing the set list and where to have the quartet perform on the day. Uniqueness Unlike many other groups, there is no hourly rate at weddings . The quartet works on a package system, so if everything doesn't quite run to time on the day, you can be happy in the knowledge that we will keep playing and entertaining your guests. We also offer all wedding clients a free 'music consultation', either by phone or in person. We can help you pick music for your ceremony, talk through the timings for the ceremony, and any other aspects of the day to make sure everything runs smoothly and to plan. Our Music Selection We have one of the largest and varied collections of repertoire in the country, and over 14 hours of music, and it's continually expanding. If you want something unique or special which isn't on the list yet, we are always happy to arrange the music for a small fee. We also offer a 'jukebox' option for wedding meals and special occasions - each table has a card with a selection of our repertoire printed on it, and either as individuals or as a table, people can request or dedicate songs, then sit back and wait for us to play them. Watch Our Videos Click here for more demos and videos Our Packages Pricing structure for weddings or events Wedding Ceremony Package One ♦ Music for 30 minutes before ♦ Entrance Music ♦ Register Music ♦ Exit Music ♦ Music Consultation Ceremony & Drinks Package Two ♦ Music for 30 minutes before ♦ All ceremony music ♦ Music Consultation ♦ Music until the start of the meal ♦ Quartet can relocate as needed Ceremony, Drinks & Meal 'The Works' ♦ Music for 30 minutes before ♦ All ceremony music ♦ Music through Drinks Reception ♦ Music through meal until speeches ♦ 'Jukebox' Option   Drinks Reception Only Package Three ♦ Quartet play as first guests arrive ♦ Music through Drinks Reception ♦ Optional 'Jukebox' Option ♦ Booking ends only when meal starts Wedding Breakfast Only Package Four ♦ Quartet play as first guests arrive ♦ Music through Wedding Breakfast ♦ 'Jukebox' Option Drinks & Wedding Breakfast Package Five ♦ Quartet play as first guests arrive ♦ Music through Drinks and Photos ♦ Quartet can quickly relocate ♦ Music through Wedding Breakfast ♦ 'Jukebox' Option View our wedding brochure View in a new screen Client Testimonials See what our clients have said about us “ ” "...Your extensive repertoire really stood out to the guests. A few members of my family even suggested hiring you for every family get together"" "Dear Sarah, I am sat here going over the wedding in my mind (for the fourth day running) and keep coming back to your wonderful playing. I cannot thank you enough for your performance which truly made my day. Almost all of the guests commented on the superb standard of your performance and how wonderful it was to choose the pieces at the Wedding Breakfast. Sorry about the singing by the way! Our guests (and us) are a bit dramatic." "Thank you so very much for making our wedding day so very unique, personal and special for us, you guys were simply gorgeous! Thanks a million, will be recommending you to all our friends" Wedding Client "We just wanted to drop you a note to say thank you so much for your amazing performance at our wedding. You guys were fantastic and really made our day extra special, we can't thank you enough! Many thanks again" Wedding Client Previous Next About The Ardeton String Quartet is based in Bristol and Bath, and provides wedding music in Gloucestershire, Somerset, Wiltshire, Oxfordshire, South Wales, Gwent, Newport and Cardiff. It provides 1st class entertainment for weddings, corporate events, special occasions, recitals and recording sessions. Quick Links Wedding Services Corporate Events Session Work Online Enquiry Form Photo Gallery Contact info info@ardetonquartet.co.uk 01454 324131 07941 692928 29 Woodmans Road, Chipping Sodbury BS37 6DW © 2016 The Ardeton String Quartet Website by Dury and Classical Music Web Design [if lt IE 10]> <script>$("input, textarea").placeholder();</script> <![endif] 