Home   Gary's Ridgeland Dutchmen BECOME A FRIEND..... Home About Us Calendar Trips/Cruises Festivals Music Store Souvenirs Videos Gallery Molly B's Christmas Special Polka Cruise 2011 Early Days Polka Dance OK...Smile! Partners Bands Media Businesses Contact Us 2040 Linda Lane - Sparta, WI  54656    |     608-269-2065    |     608-343-1317 New Album Released!! We have released a brand new album and now you can get your own copy.  "Smiles are Made out of Sunshine" features more of our favorite polkas, waltzes and fun songs!  You can purchase it as a CD or a USB.  We are offering a special deal when getting both!  Get yours today! Click Here for more details READ MORE! Gemutlichkeit! An award winning Polka/Variety band from Cashton, WI.  We have been chosen as Wisconsin Polka Hall of Fame's Band of the Year in 2003 and 2008.  Gary was inducted into the World Concertina Congress Hall of Fame in 2008.  Our CD,  "25 Year's of Miles, Smiles and Memories"  won "Album of the Year" from Wisconsin Polka Music.com. We are very happy to announce that just our latest CD,  "Brueggen Down the House"  picked up Variety CD of the Year from   www.247polkaheaven.com  and the Polka America Corporation. Our band plays a variety of Polka music including Dutchmen, German, Czech style, Polish Style and Slovenian style along with a variety of country, big band, swing, and 50's and 60's music. Gary Brueggen inducted into the International Polka Association Hall of Fame! Gary was born in Cashton where at the young age of 2 he became captivated by polka music he heard on the radio.  Recognizing his potential, Gary's parents bought him his first set of drums at 5 years old, and by the time he was 9 he played his first job with the Ridgeland Dutchmen.  At 10, he was given his first concertina, which began his magical career with the bellowed instrument.  Gary eventually took over leadership of the band with his Father & Uncle, and they became a favorite throughout the Midwest.  They toured nationally and internationally and went on to record 16 albums and 2 DVDs for the Mollie B Polka Party on RFD-TV.  Along with concertina and drums, Gary taught himself to play the piano, button box, tuba, trumpet and valve trombone.  He's proud to represent the 17 generation of the Brueggen family musical legacy.  Over the years he also found time to perform and record with a host of other bands and to broadcast polka music on various radio stations.   For his many accomplishments in the Polka industry, Gary, known as "Wisconsin's Concertina Kid",  has been deemed deserving by the Electorate of the International Polka Association for induction in the the Polka Music Hall of Fame.  The drums that started it all back in 1946. Our grandpa Herman's band. Thank you to aunt Betty Brueggen for bringing the drum out and to cousin's Brian Brueggen and Jerry Klinkner for doing an awesome job in displaying it in the Community Hall in Cashton. Drum played its last gig in 1971 before Grandpa passed away. Brian said the original light still worked when they plugged it in. Home About Us Calendar Festivals Trips/Cruises © GARY'S RIDGELAND DUTCHMEN 2018 Music Store Souvenirs Videos Photo Gallery Partners Contact Us GARY'S  RIDGELAND DUTCHMEN 2040 Linda Lane Sparta, WI 54656 Phone:  608-343-1317 Designed by: 