Bob Margolin Home About The Bob Margolin Trio Tour Dates Music Press Merchandise Photos Musings History The Last Waltz 40 Tour The Original Last Waltz Contact this element is only here to fix an IE11 flexbox bug. see css for details. Bob Margolin Home About The Bob Margolin Trio Tour Dates Music Press Merchandise Photos Musings History The Last Waltz 40 Tour The Original Last Waltz Contact Bob Margolin - Deep Blues Bob Margolin is prominent in today’s Blues scene. He tours worldwide at festivals, concerts, clubs and workshops.   His self-titled album reveals the latest from the 2017 Blues Music Award winner for Best Male Traditional Blues Artist. Set for release on October 12, 2018 by the VizzTone Label Group (Bob is a founding partner), six new original songs are his Blues for today’s world. He also interprets nine songs he learned “back in the day” from his legendary friends Muddy Waters, The Band, Johnny Winter, Jimmy Rogers, Snooky Pryor, Pinetop Perkins and James Cotton. Bob played and sang every note, produced, recorded and mixed this album. In 2018 and 2019 Bob will be performing:     • with the Bob Margolin Trio    • with the Bobs of the Blues - Bob Corritore & Bob Stroger    • Guesting with other bands, making a stronger billing than separately    • Solo Bob leads Mannish Boy from Last Waltz 40 tour: YouTube Video  “Heaven Mississippi” video from My Road: YouTube Video  From 1973-‘80 Bob played guitar in Muddy Waters’ band, appearing on all the albums Muddy made then and at special shows like The Last Waltz. Since 1980, Bob performs his own songs, but still honors his historic and personal connection to Muddy Waters.   "After nearly 50 years of playing the Blues, Margolin should be bestowed with the 'icon' title. He's not just a link to many blues artists now gone from this world…but continues to breathe new life into the genre. Be sure to follow Margolin down his own personal Blues Highway by repeatedly listening to My Road. You won't regret it." (Bill Mitchell/BluesBytes) Watch Bob Margolin's New Music Video for "Mercy" GuitarPlayer is thrilled to bring you the premiere of blues guitarist Bob Margolin's music video for "Mercy." The video was produced by filmmaker Scott Rosenbaum of Red Hawk Films ( Sidemen: Long Road To Glory, Perfect Age of Rock ’n’ Roll ). SoundGuardian’s 50 Best Blues Albums in 2018! Bob Margolin/BOB MARGOLIN at #13!  (loose translation) “And in this year 2018, at the very end of it, and after certain actions have been carried out, and above all by taking the reactions to you, honored BLUES CORNER visitors, as well as listeners of the BLUES FOR YOUR radio show, I came to the top 50 BLUES ISSUE - ALBUM 2018.  Of course, behind me is a little more than nine years of broadcasting the BLUES FOR YOU broadcast on the Križevci radio station. Behind me is over two hundred of this year's articles written on various albums and released on this music portal. Of course, these lyrics are mostly devoted to blues.  And not to give up, before the award of the Grammy Awards, before the award of the BMA (Blues Music Awards) I bring you the top list of the top 50 blues releases in 2018 of my choice.”-  Yours bluesy,  Mladen Loncar - Mike SoundGuardian Elmore Magazine Review New Bob Margolin Release Available Now! World Premiere Track From Bob Margolin “Head Held High” Rock and Blues Muse Featured Song Bob Margolin Interview – Muddy Waters, Johnny Winter – Everyone Loves Guitar #247 Copyright 2019 Bob Margolin - All Rights Reserved Powered by Bandzoogle Google Analytics 