 Concours de Genève fr en Press Friends Tickets Search E-shop registration Competitions Percussion 2019 Composition 2019 Archives Events Next events Tickets Laureates Recent laureates Career development Search Laureates Multimedia Videos & Photos Audio E-shop About The Competition Mediation Friends Partners Contact Competitions Percussion 2019 Composition 2019 Archives Events Next events Tickets Laureates Recent laureates Career development Search Laureates Multimedia Videos & Photos Audio E-shop About The Competition Mediation Friends Partners Contact Press Friends Tickets Search E-shop registration fr en News Finalists of the next composition competition announced! The International Jury of the composition competition has selected 3 finalists for the next composition competition. Discover their names! Read more... 34 percussionists selected 34 percussionists aged 19 to 29 years old from 12 countries have been selected to participate in the 74 th Geneva International Music Competition ! Discover their names! Read more... Become a member of the Competition Friends' Association By becoming a member of the Competition Friend's Association, you support young musicians from around the world who come to the Geneva Competition. Your contributions and donations fully pay… Read more... Become a host family! Are you a music-lover who wants to support a young musician in his/her early career? Join the Association and become one of this year's host-families ! Welcoming a young musician in your home is… Read more... Percussion & Composition 2019 Next year, the Geneva Competition will be offering percussion & composition and will take place from 8-21 November 2019. Candidates have until May 2nd to apply for both competitions! Read more... Videos Piano & Clarinet 2018 The 73rd Geneva International Music Competition is finished, but you can rewatch the semi-final and final rounds of the piano & clarinet competitions on our YouTube Channel! Read more... Next Events Théo Fouchenneret Festival de Montpellier - Radio France 2019-07-26 Montpellier (FR) Kevin Spagnolo Festival de Musique des Haudères 2019-07-27 Les haudères (CH) Théo Fouchenneret Classique au Port 2019-07-28 La Rochelle (FR) Kevin Spagnolo / Quatuor VOCE Saint-Germain church 2019-08-11 Genève (CH) Kevin Spagnolo / Quatuor VOCE Saint-Germain church 2019-08-12 Genève (CH) Composition - Final Lemanic Modern Ensemble 8 Nov. 2019 Geneva, Switzerland Percussion - 1st round public sessions 10-12 Nov. 2019 Geneva, Switzerland Percussion - 2nd round Public sessions 15-16 Nov. 2019 Geneva, Switzerland Percussion - 3rd round Public sessions 18 Nov. 2019 Geneva, Switzerland Highlights Clarinet final round Watch our live stream of the clarinet competition final round! The three candidates who have reached the final round will perform two concertos for clarinet & orchestre with L'Orchestre de Chambre de Genève (L'OCG), dir. Pierre ... More than 75 years of history Founded in 1939, the Geneva International Music Competition is one of the first of its kind. Explore the archives of the Geneva Competition ! Videos are available in our multimedia section.  Join the Friends Association Join the Friends Association of the Geneva Competition, support young musicians. In exchange, you enjoy many benefits! More information Stay tuned! Follow the Geneva Competition all year long via our social network. Sign up to our newsletter and receive all the latest news. Begin MailChimp Signup Form <link href="//cdn-images.mailchimp.com/embedcode/slim-081711.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"> real people should not fill this in and expect good things - do not remove this or risk form bot signups End mc_embed_signup competitions percussion 2019 composition 2019 archives events next events tickets laureates recent laureates career development search laureates multimedia videos & photos audio e-shop about the competition mediation friends partners contact fr en Begin MailChimp Signup Form <link href="//cdn-images.mailchimp.com/embedcode/slim-081711.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"> real people should not fill this in and expect good things - do not remove this or risk form bot signups End mc_embed_signup Press Friends Tickets Search E-shop registration Program Download Tickets Program Download fr en #main-container 