Caprice Strings – San Diego string quartet Menu Home About Us Repertoire Testimonials Testimonials on The Knot Testimonials on WeddingWire Testimonials on Yelp Sample Music Photo Gallery Contact Us #site-navigation Email: capricestrings@yahoo.com Phone: (619) 460-9265 #masthead Beautifully melds the string sounds of violin, viola, and cello... Caprice Strings has performed widely over the past 20 years with an extensive repertoire that embraces baroque, classical and contemporary works - from Bach to Mozart to Gershwin and The Beatles. Learn More About Us Caprice performers are professional musicians from Musicians local 325 Customer Service Caprice Strings is dedicated to creating exactly what you need, and helping your event run as smoothly as possible along the way. For this reason, Francesca Savage will be glad to assist you over the phone or by email with not only your music… Read More » Testimonials This is what Caprice Strings clients are saying about us: Francesca, The music for our ceremony was absolutely perfect. Everyone commented how nice it made our ceremony and reception and Kara and I could not be happier. Unfortunately, the music ended before we even reallized it and the musicians left before we had a chance… Read More » Sample Music Caprice Strings Music If you are interested in Caprice Strings, and you wish to obtain more information or a demo CD, please feel free to email Francesca a call (619) 460-9265 and she will be happy to help you. Music Tango de Caprice Classical strings, Parisian gypsy serenades, moody Turkish phrasings—this wedding-music combo gets plenty… Read More » Testimonials for Caprice Sounds “Thank you so much for your beautiful performance at our wedding. Your talent and professionalism enhanced our ceremony beyond measure. You truly were the highlight - both for us and for our guests, as we recieved numerous compliments throughout the evening...” View Testimonials .container Testimonials on The Knot Read More » Testimonials on WeddingWire Read More » Testimonials on Yelp Read More » 5th Place for THE BEST OF San Diego 2014 Wedding Music - 2014 Winners 2014 San Diego A-List Results Who will be playing the music for your much anticipated first dance as bride and groom? 5th Place!!! .container #main #primary #content ABOUT US Caprice Strings has performed for a variety of events. We have been featured at the daily luncheon in the Garden Room of the U.S. Grant Hotel, appeared in recital in the historic Villa Montezuma, performed at exclusive Nordstrom events, and played for special occasions such as the Challenger reception for Sail America, and for the inaugural cruise of the Royal Viking Sun. .footer-widget MENU Home About Us Repertoire Testimonials Testimonials on The Knot Testimonials on WeddingWire Testimonials on Yelp Sample Music Photo Gallery Contact Us .footer-widget MEMBERSHIPS/RECOGNITIONS WeddingWire: Musicians Local 325: The Best of the KNOT 2008/2009: Proud member of the Purple Unions LGBT Wedding Directory: Best San Diego Wedding Vendor for Live Music: 3rd Place : Caprice Strings .footer-widget Photo Gallery .footer-widget © Copyright 2009-2015 Caprice Strings . All Rights Reserved. | Designed by Mergener Enterprises . .site-info #colophon #page 