Welcome to DJR Music.         What is DJR Music? DJR Music is me: David Richards. I am a BBb Tubist, arranger and conductor. I am currently principal tuba and arranger for the Central Band of the Royal Air Force. I have also produced work for the Buy as you view Cory and several other top brass and wind bands, I have several educational works published by Spartan Press . Also many of my arrangements have been recorded by the Central band on recordings issued by Polyphonic Reproductions. I have decided to see if it is possible to produce arrangements/compositions to order, as I have often found that you can never seem to find the right arrangement, orchestration or price for your individual band. I intend to produce music for any combination of wind, brass and percussion at a price no publication house could match. The music will be computer set using Sibelius, and a Power Macintosh G4 800mhz, the score and parts will be laser printed to a professional standard. All you have to do is send me an e-mail with all the details of your requirements. Copyright permission will be obtained if and when it is necessary to do so. I will then contact you with an inclusive package price . It's as simple as that!!   Any combination of Instruments, the choice is yours. Computer set and printed to professional standards. All inclusive package price, no hidden extras. Delivered direct to your door, ready to be performed. Samples can be e-mailed if required. E-mail information required : Title of Piece Composer/Publisher(if known) Original Media(Orchestra etc.) Availability of Recording? Name of CD, Tape and production company(EMI etc.) Your Instrumental requirements(Full brass band, woodwind quintet etc.) Performance date and venue if known. Your details: Name, Address, Telephone and Fax numbers, E-mail Address and Name of Ensemble/Group.     Should you require any further information please send me an e-mail.   Search Google   If you have found this site useful drop me a line and let me know a bit about yourself!! www.affinitymusic.com Woodwind and brass repair service at www.music-1.co.uk   Martha Stewart Living 