Guitar Music: Tangos, Baroque, Classical, Turkish, guitarist Cem Duruoz, Home Biography Concerts In The Press Teaching and Community CD Recordings <li><a class="menu" href="publications.html">mp3 Downloads</a></li> Publications Store <li>Guitargem Blog</li> For Presenters Photos New Music Links Contact "An extraordinariyl gifted player" - Classical Guitar Magazine "His excellent stage presence complements his virtuosic technique and musical, elegant artistry." - Grammy winner guitarist Sharon Isbin On the cover of Classical Guitar Magazine. Cem Duruöz on the cover the Classical Guitar Magazine , with a detailed feature article. Read more... Rodrigo's Aranjuez performances Cem Duruoz was the soloist with the Bilkent Symphony Orchestra to perform Rodrigo's famous Concierto de Aranjuez on May 14 in Ankara and on May 17 in Erzurum, in Turkey. "His flawless classical technique, depth of color, long flowing lines, clean playing and tight rhythmic style made everyone listen in an entirely different way. In a total hush, I felt the audience transformed." - ARG Music in Concert For the full review click here.. Performance with the Ridgewood Symphony Orchestra Cem Duruöz as a soloist Rodrigo's Fantasia Para Un Gentilhombre at Ridgewood Symhpny's 2013-2014 season opening concert in New Jersey. Details here... At the Carnegie Hall Cem Duruöz has performed at the Carnegie Hall weill recital Hall three times. Most recently for the D'Addario Foundation and Alhambra Guitars. He also gave a recital titled "Guitar in Turkey" for the Moon and Stars Project. New CD: Treasures of Anatolia The album includes traditional Turkish folk and classic music arrangements by Duruoz. You can review and purchase in the store , or CDBaby.com ! More details here... London Debut at the Queen Elizabeth Hall/Purcell Room. Cem Duruöz gave his London debut concert at the Purcell Room on March 16, 2009 for LACCS. For photos visit their web site: www.laccs.com At Carnegie Hall with Turkish music Cem Duruöz appeared at the Weill Recital Hall at Carnegie Hall on May 4, 2008 in a recital of Turkish music, his arrangements of traditional music as well as new works by Turkish composers. The July 2008 issue of the Classical Guitar Magazine featured a detailed review of the concert in the Letter from New York section describing Cem Duruoz as an "extraordinarily gifted player". Read more... Collaborations with bandoneon master Raul Jaurena and soprano Camille Zamora. Cem Duruöz recent performances brought him together with two fantastic musicians, Raul Jaurena and Camille Zamora . Desde el Alma - Tango Classics available in the US! Cem Duruöz' new CD has been released in the US with a sold-out celebration event in Milford, CT. The concert was the cover story on CT Post , and was featured on the Spanish newspaper Registro . The CD is now available at amazon.com and cdbaby.com as well as duruoz.com store . Listen to various tracks here. "His rich tone of execution is superbly captured on this high quality recording, as is the exactness of every note." - CCGS Newsletter. Read the full review... "There is no doubt Desde El Alma - Tango Classics, is a masterpiece" - Coco Trivisonno - Bandoneonist. Detailed information about Desde El Alma... A potpourri of recent concerts: Bosnia and Spain Performances Cem Duruöz has performed in Sarajevo at the Baščaršijske Noći, one of the most important music festivals in Bosnia-Herzegovina. The concert took place in the Bošnački Institut to a full house audience. Later he traveled to Burgos Spain to participate in the Semana Internacional Regino Sainz de la Maza, to play again to a full house audience and teach. Publications Cem Duruöz' Marin Marais arrangements have been published by Productions d'Oz. The works have been recorded on his CD "Pièces de Viole". Purchasing information... E minor suite: A minor suite: 4 character pieces: New York debut at Carnegie Hall/Weill Recital Hall on April 12, 2004. "There were gorgeous moments of sudden quietude and serenity; Mr. Duruoz would tastefully wait for just the right moment to slow down the tempo, giving the music special cadential moments." -New York Concert Review For the full review featured in the Summer 2004 issue of New York Concert Review, please visit the concerts page. A video of Duruöz' Aranjuez performance (4MB, non-streaming): Soloist with the Turkish NationalSymphony Orchestra performing Rodrigo's Concierto de Aranjuez Under the baton of Maestro Michel Tabachnik, Duruöz performed the famous guitar concerto to a full house audience in Ankara and later in Denizli. The PSO Hall in Ankara seats about a thousand. For a broadband (DSL) video clip click on the picture to the left (Windows Media format, 4MBytes). "His excellent stage presence complements his virtuosic technique and musical, elegant artistry." - guitarist Sharon Isbin "An extraordinarily gifted player"- Classical Guitar Magazine http://www.duruoz.com, Last Revised: webbot bot="Timestamp" s-type="EDITED" s-format="%B %d, %Y" startspan October 5, 2016 webbot bot="Timestamp" endspan i-checksum="31586" Copyright © 1999-2016 Tutti Music Production. Cem Duruöz' article about French Baroque Music and Marais , which appeared in Soundboard in 2003 