Metro Detroit's Premier Wedding Musicians, Concert Performers and Recording Artists - Metro Detroit and Michigan Wedding, Concert, Lessons, Recordings - The Dearing Concert Duo The Dearing Concert Duo Award winning voice, flute and classical guitar duo — weddings, private events, concerts, recordings, lessons .site-branding Menu Close Home About Blog Weddings Wedding Music Testimonials Ceremony Suggestions Receptions & Special Events Recordings Recordings Info & Listening Romanza! CD Snapshots of South America CD Take One CD Lessons Media Samples Contact Us #main-navigation Metro Detroit’s Premier Wedding Musicians, Concert Performers and Recording Artists .entry-header The Dearing Concert Duo began performing for wedding ceremonies as a sideline to supplement their income while starting out their careers as concert artists. Because of the attention they were receiving from their concert stage performances, word caught on about their skill, flexibility, charisma and down-to-earth personalities amongst folks looking for a more intimate type of musical performance. The Duo being a portable, non overwhelming music medium soon found themselves in high demand as wedding musicians performing all across the southeastern Michigan area. They are referred by wedding officiants, wedding coordinators and wedding venues because they are not only highly talented, but are also courteous professionals that will make your ceremony a bit more magical with their elegant music. The Michigan based duet of voice and classical guitar known as The Dearing Concert Duo was formed in 1998. What followed was an instant artistic success, as the two became consistently in demand at wedding and concert venues throughout the metro Detroit area. Soon after they released their first recording, leading them into the living rooms of millions in both the US and Canada via the television on shows such as PBS’s “BackStage Pass” and being aired on radio. Upon release of their second CD “Snapshots of South America” the Duo began touring throughout the United States and Canada in a wide range of venues. The Dearings made their European debut during the summer of 2002 with eight concerts, including the Cheltenham International Music Festival. They have produced three critically acclaimed CD’s. They are the recipients of a total of six Detroit Music Awards. What makes their performances unique is the range of versatility they offer in both their repertoire and their programming. They come together with unique and exceptional training, and this merging of talents is, in the words of more than one music critic “magical.” Abha Dearing is an award winning spinto soprano who has been performing her entire life and has sung at venues on three continents. Abha is trained in both the Western classical and Indian classical styles of singing. She is also a gifted flutist. Steven Dearing has both lovely tone and excellent technique allowing him to be equally adept as both a solo guitarist and an accompanist. He has performed as a soloist with orchestras in the US and Canada. Steven has studied with exceptional artists and has a wide repertoire. They offer their musical gifts for wedding ceremonies throughout the southeastern Michigan area. Based in Farmington Hills, Michigan, the are a close distance to Metro Detroit (Oakland County, Wayne County, Macomb County, Wastenaw County) as can easily travel to other southeastern Michigan and Ontario, Canada locations. The Dearing Concert Duo is on the referral list at venues such as The Meadow Brook Mansion, The Henry Ford, and The Sacred Heart Academy. Use our contact form to get a quote within a few days. Named “Outstanding Classical Ensemble” in 2003 and 2002 by The Detroit Music Awards, the DCD performs at concert halls, universities/colleges, churches, art museums, and living rooms. They have performed at distinguished events such as the Organization of American States for the Prime Minister of Canada, Oakland University for the President of India and the memorial service for Edward McNamara, where they were heard by the mayor of Detroit, the Governor of Michigan, as well as congressmen and women. Video Sample ( More videos here ) Reviews “Your artistic performance at this (Organization of American States) served to showcase Canadian talent and culture to over 1000 guests in attendance…Delegates and I were most impressed with your performance. My congratulations to you.“ Lloyd Axworthy, Minister of Foreign Affairs, Canada “You will come away very impressed by the Duo.” John Guinn, Oakland Press “What makes the music sing is the Dearing’s lovely tonal blend, secure phrasing and the way Steven’s clean articulation and steady rhythm lays the foundation for Abha’s warm approach to melody. The sound world is elegantly formal…while the duet sports a seductively intimate blend…” Mark Stryker, Detroit Free Press “Steven’s (solos) are among the instrumental delights. Abha sings in a beautiful soprano…richly textured…passionate…Marvelous program of duets…there is definitely artistic dialogue going on here.” Ted Shaw, Windsor Star “The DCD transports listeners to a different time and space…and transform the very air around them with a gentle magic that allows the music to come alive. The beautiful textures and tones convince the listener that there’s much more going on than one guitar and one flute. The sounds and colors fill the spaces, pulling the listener into a peaceful daydream.” Ralph Valdez, NPR station WDET “…technically assured and rhythmically sprightly…Polished, dynamic performances.” George Bulanda, Hour Magazine   About the Dearing Concert Duo News / Blog Wedding Music Main Recordings Main Info Lessons Contact Us   Share this: Tweet Share on Tumblr WhatsApp Print .entry-content #post-## #content #primary Reviews and Ratings The WeddingWire Couples' Choice Awards® recognize the Top 5 Percent of local wedding professionals WeddingWire.com Page Reviews on Facebook Testimonials Follow Us Facebook YouTube Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Google Get News via Email Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of concert news and events by email. Join 316 other subscribers Email Address Subscribe CD and Wedding Samples [if lt IE 9]><script>document.createElement('audio');</script><![endif] En Jerez de la Frontera Bachianas Brasileiras Bordel 1900 Ave Maria Canon in D (Pachelbel) Hornpipe (Handel) The Gift (Brickman) Trumpet Voluntary (Purcell) Walk Hand in Hand (Cowell) Testimonials Kris and I cannot thank you enough for the beautiful music you played for our wedding ceremony. It really set the tone for the whole event. Pick and choose and you will come away very impressed by the Duo’s abilities. John Guinn The Oakland Press So glad to see this page so I can recap for others a special Dearing Concert Duo performance. Steven and Abha were the highlight of a fund-raising event held in our home last year. Their unique blend of guitar and… “” Barb Eschner Thank you for the lovely music at our ceremony, it was simply perfect. Many referrals to follow! We had the Dearing Concert Duo perform at our wedding. WOW! Abha sang and played the flute. I could seriously watch and listen to her sing all day long. There is just something about her, so full of grace. Steven… “” Tanya Roycraft Nordhaus We just wanted to take this opportunity to thank you for being a part of our special day! We appreciate fine music and talent and therefore thoroughly enjoyed your playing. More importantly we appreciate you taking the time to learn… “” I really don’t know where to begin this review as I have had the pleasure of knowing Abha since I was 13 years old. She was my choir teacher and choral director freshman-senior year of high school. But she wasn’t… “” Ashley I had Steve and Abha play at my wedding ceremony and they were not only punctual, courteous and professional, but very talented. I think a lot of couples overlook the ceremony music because they’re planning other details but with Dearing… “” Tanya Hi, As a music lover I was determined to find a way to incorporate live music into our wedding, Steve and his wife Abha were a great way to do so. Using the ideas we had for our ceremony and… “” Mitch and Veronica Dommer Thank you so much for helping us celebrate our new life together! The music was perfect, better than we ever imagined! It truly made our day more special! We will gladly recommend you to anyone we know! Read full length testimonials Detroit Music Awards 2006 Winner of: Outstanding Classical Vocalist (Abha Dearing) 2003 Winner of: Outstanding Classical Small Ensemble (DCD) 2002 Winners of: Outstanding Classical Vocalist (Abha Dearing) Outstanding Classical Small Ensemble (DCD) Outstanding Classical Recording (Snapshots of South America) 2001 Winner of: Outstanding Classical Vocalist (Abha Dearing) Preview All Tracks! At CDBaby: Listen to all CD tracks, Download or Order physical CDs: Romanza! CD   Snapshots of South America CD Facebook Page Facebook Page #widget-area-2 #main Site Map Home About Blog Weddings Wedding Music Testimonials Ceremony Suggestions Receptions & Special Events Recordings Recordings Info & Listening Romanza! CD Snapshots of South America CD Take One CD Lessons Media Samples Contact Us #widget-area-3 Available for Metro Detroit and Michigan Weddings Dearing Concert Duo contact us: info@dearingconcertduo.com 248-866-0935 (Steven) | 248-866-0934 (Abha) The Dearing Concert Duo is a metro Detroit Michigan classical music duo performing in your wedding and concert, a unique mix of virtuosic music for Voice and Classical Guitar, Flute and Classical Guitar and solo guitar covering a broad range of styles. Highlights include works by South American and Spanish composers such as Piazzolla, Rodrigo and DeFalla and solo guitar works by Dyens, Tansman and Pujol. #widget-area-4 #extra © 2019 The Dearing Concert Duo. All rights reserved. .site-info Design and Maintenance: Woolf Works LLC .site-credit #colophon 