Cybergrass Bluegrass Music News | Where There's Always Something New in Bluegrass! Skip to main content end logo wrapper Where There's Always Something New in Bluegrass! end branding wrapper end block content end block /search-box Login Register end header-wrapper /header Home Search About Us Contact Us Art Sales end primary end menu end block content end block   end block content end block Main menu Home Search About Us Contact Us Art Sales end block content end block Our Sponsor end block content end block Navigation Compose tips Search end block content end block User login Username * Password * Request new password end block content end block Syndicate end block content end block end sidebar-first Marteka & William Lake are Making Pure Bluegrass published by Bob Cherry on Fri, 05/18/2018 - 12:32 Marteka N William Lake are siblings with a taste of Flatt & Scruggs. Marteka has studied the Scruggs style on banjo and is well versed in the method. Her younger brother, William, also caught on to the Flatt & Scruggs sound when he learning guitar and chose to follow Flatt’s thumb and finger style. While most in bluegrass today only follow the flat pick method of playing, this is not how Lester Flatt played. The two have a unique style in bluegrass that truly follows tradition and the sound of the genre’s most popular pioneer duo. Tags:  Marteka and William Lake CD Release Pure Bluegrass Review Read more about Marteka & William Lake are Making Pure Bluegrass Comments Blue Highway Blazes New Trails Announcing Justin Moses as Newest Member published by BMNN on Tue, 05/15/2018 - 00:08 Bristol, VA/TN -- Blue Highway announced today the addition of heralded multi-instrumentalist JUSTIN MOSES to the 24-year strong supergroup. Moses will step up to the plate at Dobro, replacing departing Gaven Largent, who married his sweetheart over the weekend and will embark on new musical trails, including opening his own woodworking and resophonic guitar crafting shop in Virginia. Tags:  Blue Highway Justin Moses Band Announcement Read more about Blue Highway Blazes New Trails Announcing Justin Moses as Newest Member Comments Junior Sisk Releases Single “The Whiskey & The Guitar” from Upcoming Album published by BMNN on Wed, 03/28/2018 - 22:56 Willis, VA -- Junior Sisk is back at it with new music, available today on Mountain Fever Records. "The Whiskey & The Guitar" is the first single from an upcoming solo album due June 8th. The single drops to radio and is available to consumers today. Tags:  Junior Sisk Single The Whiskey & The Guitar Read more about Junior Sisk Releases Single “The Whiskey & The Guitar” from Upcoming Album Comments Ricky Skaggs Announced as 2018 Country Music Hall of Fame Inductee published by BMNN on Tue, 03/27/2018 - 22:25 Nashville, TN -- This fall, a bronze plaque depicting 15-time GRAMMY® Award-winning singer and musician Ricky Skaggs will be added to the Rotunda wall at the Country Music Hall of Fame® and Museum in Nashville. At a CMA-hosted press conference held this morning at the famed institution, Garth Brooks and Trisha Yearwood announced Skaggs as one of three inductees for the Country Music Hall of Fame Class of 2018. Tags:  Ricky Skaggs Country Music Hall of Fame Inductee Read more about Ricky Skaggs Announced as 2018 Country Music Hall of Fame Inductee Comments Carolina ’Grassers Sideline to Deliver New Album “Front and Center” April 27 published by BMNN on Mon, 03/26/2018 - 22:32 Nashville, TN (March 26, 2018) -- Sideline’s dynamic first album for Mountain Home Music Company, Front and Center , is set for April 27 release. A live, streaming appearance tomorrow at 8:30 a.m. Central on 650 AM WSM’s Coffee, Country & Cody show (simulcast on Heartland TV ) leads the launch efforts. There’s plenty to promote - this is the real deal; heart and soul Bluegrass, tightly woven from unbreakable threads of talent and commonality. Front and Center marks the group’s first outing with respected producer Tim Surrett at the helm, and each of the project’s 12 tracks fits snugly into the revered Carolina ’Grass style. Tags:  Sideline CD Release Front and Center Read more about Carolina ’Grassers Sideline to Deliver New Album “Front and Center” April 27 Comments The Price Sisters Release New Album “A Heart Never Knows” published by BMNN on Fri, 03/23/2018 - 22:33 Nashville, TN -- Today, The Price Sisters debut their first full-length album, A Heart Never Knows , released via Rebel Records. Made with notable Grammy-winning producer Bil VornDick, the album has received critical acclaim from publications like No Depression, BGS, For Folk’s Sake, and Bluegrass Today among others. They recently made appearances on Nashville’s WMOT Roots Radio, Channel 4’s Today in Nashville, and in-studio at the Grand Ole Opry’s WSM Radio with the legendary Eddie Stubbs. A Heart Never Knows marks their second release, following their well-received 2016 self-titled EP; the album has appeared on AirPlay Direct’s Top 50 charts for the last two months, peaking at number 5. Recently described as “two of the most promising faces in the genre today,” The Price Sisters take a modern approach to traditional folk and bluegrass. A Heart Never Knows is available today on Amazon, iTunes, Google Play. Tags:  The Price Sisters CD Release A Heart Never Knows Read more about The Price Sisters Release New Album “A Heart Never Knows” Comments Pickin' On Modest Mouse: The Bluegrass Tribute Featuring Iron Horse published by BMNN on Thu, 03/22/2018 - 22:35 Tarzana, CA -- CMH Records' acclaimed Pickin' On Series is putting out their classic, fan-fave tribute to Modest Mouse on vinyl for the first time. Set for release on Saturday, April 21 as an official Record Store Day title, the double-vinyl collection features bluegrass interpretations of the esteemed Portland-based rock band as performed by Iron Horse. Tags:  CMH Records CD Release Pickin' On Pickin' On Modest Mouse Read more about Pickin' On Modest Mouse: The Bluegrass Tribute Featuring Iron Horse Comments All Woman Loose Strings Band to Bluegrass Up Carter Fold published by BMNN on Wed, 03/21/2018 - 22:41 Saturday, March 24th, 2018, at 7:30 p.m. the Carter Family Fold in Hiltons, Virginia, will present a bluegrass concert by the Loose Strings Band. The Loose Strings Band is an all women band, five members ranging in age from fifteen to twenty three years of age from Galax, Virginia. The band has been together for nine years, playing at bluegrass conventions, special events, ceremonies, and festivals. They are well-known in the Blueridge Mountains and beyond for their nice blend of tight vocal harmonies and sweet rhythms. Their style is also unique in that they all play an instrument and sing. The band has been well supported and embraced by many through the years. Tags:  Loose Strings Bluegrass Band Carter Family Fold Concert Event Read more about All Woman Loose Strings Band to Bluegrass Up Carter Fold Comments Rhonda Vincent and Billy Droze to Co-Host ICM Award’s published by BMNN on Wed, 03/21/2018 - 00:19 The Inspirational Country Music Association® hosts its annual Inspirational Country Music Awards® event as a testament to the organization’s accumulative work and initiatives, and in special recognition to celebrate the year-long accomplishments of the industry’s brightest new talents, biggest stars and living legends. Join the Inspirational Country Music Association for the 23rd Annual Inspirational Country Music Awards at the Grand Ole Opry House Nashville, TN on April 5, 2018. Red Carpet begins at 3:30. Doors open at 5:30 and show will begin at 6:00. The hosts for the event will be Rhonda Vincent and Billy Droze with special appearances by Mo Pitney, Lucas Hoge, Jeff Bates, Buddy Jewell, Jason Crabb and many more. Tags:  Rhonda Vincent Billy Droze Inspirational Country Music Awards Awards Show Read more about Rhonda Vincent and Billy Droze to Co-Host ICM Award’s Comments March Roars in with Multiple Accolades for Kathy Boyd & Phoenix Rising published by BMNN on Tue, 03/20/2018 - 02:29 Since coming together in 2005, Kathy Boyd & Phoenix Rising has stacked up an impressive number of awards for their performance and songwriting abilities. Tags:  Kathy Boyd and Phoenix Rising Nomination Band Announcement Read more about March Roars in with Multiple Accolades for Kathy Boyd & Phoenix Rising Comments The Travelin’ McCourys Announce Self-titled Debut Album published by BMNN on Fri, 03/16/2018 - 22:45 From a source deep, abundant, and pure the river flows. It’s there on the map, marking place and time. Yet, the river changes as it remains a constant, carving away at the edges, making new pathways, gaining strength as it progresses forward. The Travelin’ McCourys are that river. On May 25th, the band will release their debut self-titled, self-produced album recorded at The Butcher Shoppe in Nashville. The Travelin’ McCourys is a mix of originals and well-fitting, road-perfected covers (two Grateful Dead tunes and John Hartford’s “Natural To Be Gone” for example); the song choices a recorded snapshot of the band’s live show. Today, Relix Magazine premieres the video for the first single “Borderline” recorded live at DelFest. Watch here. Tags:  The Travelin McCourys CD Release Read more about The Travelin’ McCourys Announce Self-titled Debut Album Comments Ken Irwin Accepts New Role As AirPlay Direct's “Special Projects” Ambassador published by BMNN on Thu, 03/15/2018 - 23:15 AirPlay Direct is pleased to announce the appointment of Ken Irwin to the newly created role as AirPlay Direct's "Special Projects" Ambassador. "This role was created specifically for Ken Irwin, AirPlay Direct's 'Iconic Innovator' Award recipient for 2017. Ken's artistic abilities and proven professional skill set uniquely qualifies him for a role of this caliber," says Lynda Weingartz, CEO - AirPlay Direct. "Ken will be participating on a variety of very different and forward-thinking creative projects with AirPlay Direct and Collective Evolution throughout 2018. We are honored to have Ken continue to contribute to AirPlay Direct's vision, growth and our mutual professional successes." Tags:  Ken Irwin AirPlay Direct Read more about Ken Irwin Accepts New Role As AirPlay Direct's “Special Projects” Ambassador Comments Della Mae Announce Spring Up Tour Featuring Special Guests published by BMNN on Wed, 03/14/2018 - 22:30 Nashville, TN -- Since forming in Boston in 2009, Nashville-based string band Della Mae has established a reputation as a charismatic live act comprised of some of the finest players in bluegrass, Americana and beyond. The GRAMMY-nominated outfit have announced spring tour dates, and have invited some of their favorite acts to guest appear including Phoebe Hunt, Nels Andrew, Only Lonesome, Ana Egge, Barnstar, and Danny Barnes. A list of dates is below. Tags:  Della Mae Tour Event Band Announcement Read more about Della Mae Announce Spring Up Tour Featuring Special Guests Comments Junior Sisk Returns To His Roots with New Music published by BMNN on Tue, 03/13/2018 - 23:38 Willis, VA -- Crowned the International Bluegrass Music Association's Male Vocalist of the Year in 2013, Junior Sisk has been consistently championing traditional bluegrass his entire career. This year, Mountain Fever Records will release his first ever solo record, allowing Junior to return to his roots. Tags:  Junior Sisk Roots New Project Read more about Junior Sisk Returns To His Roots with New Music Comments Dave Adkins Latest Album “Right or Wrong” Released published by BMNN on Sun, 03/11/2018 - 22:59 Willis, VA -- Mountain Fever Records is pleased to announce today's release of the Right Or Wrong , the new album by Dave Adkins. As with all of Dave's earlier releases, Right Or Wrong showcases his craft as a songwriter, but it's important to note his penchant for being part of an incredible songwriting community that includes Jerry Salley, Eli Johnston, Blake Grisham, Greg Preece, Bart Millard, Terry Foust, Mitchell Brown, Carl Caldwell, Craig Lackey, Kenneth Johnson, Ray Bruce, Daniel Salyer, Dave Morris, and Dawn Kenney, all of whom have credits on this project. Tags:  Dave Adkins CD Release Right Or Wrong Mountain Fever Records Read more about Dave Adkins Latest Album “Right or Wrong” Released Comments Pages 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 … next › last » end block content end block end content Search Custom Search end block content end block end block content end block end sidebar-second end wrapper end footer wrapper Theme by Danetsoft and Danang Probo Sayekti inspired by Maksimer 