GHS Strings End Facebook Pixel Code Start of HubSpot Embed Code End of HubSpot Embed Code Global site tag (gtag.js) - Google Analytics PLAY WITH THE BEST™ | | BEGIN NITRO Nitro-Pack | END NITRO ROCKTRON | Products Electric Guitar Bass Acoustic Classical Mandolin Banjo Other Strings Custom Shop Accessories Artists News Ask The Experts Media GHS Videos GHS Photos Dealers Contact General Inquiries Artist Relations Technical Support Dealer Support Mailing List GHS Store                               Jeff George       Evan Marien       Bethany Becker       Jason Achilles       Joshua Davis       Sarah Maisel & Craig Chee       Thomas Fountain       Nick Perri   Featured Product JEFF GEORGE SIGNATURE Jeff George has been a longtime artist and friend of GHS, using Guitar Boomers on all of his guitars from day one. We're ...Read more Artist Jeff George Video We Are Harlot - Dancing On Nails Latest News Giveaway: Teleport Your Tone July 10, 2019 13:31 Teleport your tone by winning this complete guitar package! ...Read more GHS Interview: Shadow Horse May 13, 2019 04:00 Shadow Horse talks influence, styling and a little bit of D&D! ...Read more GHS Interview: Evan Marien April 01, 2019 04:00 Learn more about the many facets of bassist, Evan Marien! ...Read more GHS Interview: Laura Wilde March 18, 2019 04:00 Laura Wilde talks business, guitar, and improv comedy...! ...Read more View more WE ARE GHS STRINGS GHS Strings is not just an electric guitar string company – we're much more! We are the string brand inspiring you to play an extra encore. We are the string brand encouraging you to play harder, go longer. We are the string brand that's got you covered – whether you're playing electric or acoustic guitar, bass guitar, mandolin, banjo, ukulele and more. Since 1964, we've been winding guitar strings in the same southwest corner of Michigan that gave birth to Gibson Guitars. Though based in Battle Creek, we are global , but our values remain rooted in midwestern soil . We are fiercely independent – we are no-nonsense perfectionists believing in hard work, craftsmanship, and the power of music. GHS Strings is a family of artists and experts built on tradition to help aid in the quest for personal string design and tone. To that end, we still use round core wire for much of our guitar strings and use some string specs decades old. We look to our half-century past to guide our future. Our unyielding passion about tone, personal specs, sound, and durability drives us to push string design – even reinvent the envelope itself when needed – to improve upon the product line, first and foremost. GHS Strings takes this same approach to customer service. At a time where customers feel like they're talking to a robot, a GHS employee will answer your call! Customers, dealers or endorsing artists all receive the same attention. We mean it when we refer to our "Artist Family," because they are! This is the story behind our amazing strings encouraging your journey – promising you'll never look back. We are GHS Strings. Play with the best. Products Electric Guitar Bass Guitar Acoustic Guitar Classical Guitar Mandolin Banjo Other Strings Custom Shop Accessories Nitro-Pack Artists News Ask the Experts General GHS Related Electric Guitar Related Bass Guitar Related Media GHS Videos GHS Photos GHS Online Store Dealers US Dealers Online Dealers International Dealers Preferred Repair Shops Featured Builders Innovation Dealers Contact Us General Inquiries Artist Relations Technical Support Dealer Support Mailing List 2813 Wilber Ave Battle Creek, MI 49037 P: 800-388-4447 F:800-860-6913 ©2018 GHS Strings Designed and Produced by SilverFrog × Notice Our site uses cookies so that we can remember you and understand how you use our site. If you do not agree with our use of cookies, please click Disable to change your settings. Otherwise, you agree to the use of the cookies as they are currently set. Privacy Policy Continue Disable 