Boise Blues Society | Spreading knowledge and appreciation of blues music throughout Southern Idaho. Boise Blues Society Search Primary Menu Skip to content Home About BBS Events Fat Tuesday Celebration Blues on the Banks Tuesday Blues at the Sandbar Sandbar Schedule for Blues Tuesdays for 2019 Boise Blues Society Jam Education Blues Directors Band Blues in the Schools (BITS) Blues in the Schools Testimonials BITS Testimonials 2015-16 BBS Student Scholarships Past Award Winners Scholarship Winner Testimonials Support Our Work Volunteering Donate Search for: #masthead News Laura Rain & The Caesars: Walkin’ Blues on the Motor City Roads July 3, 2019 ThriveStaff .entry-header Blues on the Banks Stewarts in Caldwell August 2 nd 7:00 pm Detroit’s Laura Rain and the Caesars transform funky soul and r&b into their own unique vision. Inspired by the spirit of classic recordings of a bygone era,  Laura Rain  creates her own environment of expression with a powerful and soulful voice. Formed in the Motor City in 2012 with her husband  George Friend , the pair set off on a creative journey writing and recording their own music. The two garnered many accolades within the music press and radio with their debut release “Electrified” in 2013. Performing with a stripped down lineup of organ, guitar and drums the band developed it’s signature sound, and cultivated a vintage toned energetic foundation. The second release “Closer” (2014) expanded the sound exposing the bands’ love for Memphis soul, juke-joint blues and tough Detroit funk and r&b. Starting in 2014, the band began touring heavily within the U.S. and Canada. Starting in Chicago with regular appearances at the House of Blues and Buddy Guy’s Legends, Laura Rain has stunned audiences with her intensity and powerful voice. Performing in over 25 states from California to New York, the band has delighted audiences with their dynamic performances. Featured at the Mississippi Valley Blues Fest, Marquette Area Blues Fest, Edmonton Blues Fest, the Legendary Blues Cruise and many other top tier clubs and festivals, Laura Rain and the Caesars continue to grow making new friends and fans along the way. In 2015, the release of the third album “Gold” broadened their audience considerably thanks to substantial Triple A airplay of the single “Work so Hard” (a pounding homage to Motown). “Gold” also propelled Laura Rain onto the national radio charts making the top 50 on Roots Music Report for numerous months, and holding at #1 in the state of Michigan for over a year! 2016 highlights also included a tour of France and winning a prestigious Detroit Music Award for “Outstanding Blues Songwriters.” With the upcoming release of the fourth recording “Walk with Me,” Laura Rain pushes the envelope of her unique soul music. Channeling inspiration from Detroit’s long history of dance music, funk, blues, soul and r&b, Laura Rain gives modern music a raw, yet sophisticated shot of much needed authenticity and heart. .entry-content #post-## News Walla Walla Coyote Kings Come to Boise! July 2, 2019 Bill Arnold .entry-header The Walla-Walla based Coyote Kings are blues-rockers with a funk-soul twist, featuring a dynamic female vocalist. They’ve made a name for themselves on the blues festival circut and have established themselves as a musical force in the Northwest and world-wide. Check out their music: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WSkrZpykgk4 Event Details: Show Date:  Saturday, September 14, 2019 Venue:  Sapphire Room, Riverside Hotel Time:  7:30pm-10:30 (Doors Open at 6:30) Online Ticket Prices:  Preferred $23  General $20 At the Door:$26 Preferred  $23 General $5 Members Discount Code (Online Only):  WWCK Ticketing at Eventbrite: https://www.eventbrite.com/e/boise-blues-society-presents-coyote-kings-91419-tickets-63611120574. .entry-content #post-## News Louisiana Blues Master Tab Benoit at the Knitting Factory. September 17th July 1, 2019 Bill Arnold .entry-header BUY NOW! Native Orleanian Fine Photography/Jerry Moran Images for Tab Benoit website. TICKETS: FLOOR: $37 BALCONY: $77 – $87 TICKET LINK: https://www.ticketweb.com/event/tab-benoit-knitting-factory-concert-house-tickets/9620935?pl=bofeatureswideoct2015  .entry-content #post-## News Anni Piper Band July 1, 2019 ThriveStaff .entry-header Fri Oct 11  7:30-10pm    Anni Piper Band  SAPPHIRE ROOM Piper has the kind of voice that lulls men to their doom. It’s soft and sweet when it wants to be, scared and vulnerable a moment later, then ripping through you like a razor… Piper commands songsutterly.” One listen will tell you why in her homeland Anni Piper is known as the First Lady of Blues. Not only is she a sultry vocalist, but an insightful composer, accomplished bass player and show stopping performer. Born and raised in Australia, her passion for blues was ignited by the sound of Stevie Ray Vaughan. Piper has called Cocoa Beach FL home since 2014.  ‘More Guitars Than Friends’ (Sugar Daddy Records) is the latest release for Piper and the first on her own label. Already an internationally acclaimed recording artist, her latest achievement is becoming a 2015 finalist in the UK Songwriting Contest.  Picking up a bass guitar at age 14, Piper completed a Bachelor of Contemporary Music degree at 19 years of age. Finding it difficult to resume her performing career following the birth of her son, Piper recorded her debut album ‘Jailbait’ in 2004. The all original album was meant to be a good quality demo and wasn’t intended for commercial release.  To Piper’s surprise, she was immediately signed to Black Market Music, Australia’s most prestigious blues label and began touring throughout the country. The ‘Jailbait’ album won multiple awards including Best New Talent at the Australian Blues Music Awards, the ABC Radio National ‘Fresh Air’ contest, and 2nd place at the Australian National Songwriting Contest.  Her subsequent releases saw her placed as a finalist in the Australian Blues Music Awards (Best Female Vocal), Australian Performing Rights Association Professional Development Awards and MusicOz awards. Piper has earned a reputation as a songwriter of distinction, her work having a blues sensibility while still addressing the issues of today.  In 2008 Piper signed with Blues Leaf Records USA (Janiva Magness, Albert Castiglia) and released ‘Two’s Company’, a compilation of her earlier releases. The album reached # 21 on the Living Blues chart even though Piper had yet to tour the USA. She quickly made up for lost time and has performed in 35 American states and Canada. Piper has performed to packed houses at premier venues such as the House of Blues and BB King’s. She has earned critical acclaim from publications including Blues Revue and Blues Matters (UK).  .entry-content #post-## News Sandbar Blues Tuesday! July 1, 2019 Bill Arnold .entry-header The Boise Blues Society Tuesday Sandbar Blues Schedule NO Cover Charge Come and enjoy an evening in this upscale venue by the Boise River eating, drinking and listening to local blues bands from the Boise Area.  Each show runs from 6:00 pm to 9:00 pm. Come to one or come to all….17 different blues bands in 17 weeks in the Summer of 2019.  Bring a friend or two…or four, and get your blues on! July 2. Zack Quintana Band July 9 SUDA July 16 Sista Sarah and Pocket of Bones July 23 Studebaker John July 30 Blues To Lose Aug 6 Lisa Marie’s Blues Groove Aug 13 RJ McGinnis Band  Aug 20 Blues Directors Aug 27 CC and Strange Brew Sept 10 Sawtooth Blues Band Brought to you for its second year by a partnership between the Boise Blues Society and the Riverside Hotel’s Sandbar.  Come and support these local blues artists and enjoy!  Mark your calendar. Sincerely, Boise Blues Society Board of Directors .entry-content #post-## Posts navigation 1 2 … 7 Next → .pagination .navigation #content #primary Search for: Join Our FaceBook Community Our Official BBS FaceBook Page connects you with a community of blues lovers from the Boise area. Find out about upcoming events, see photos and videos from recent shows, hear great blues recordings. Like us today! Facebook Badge START Boise Blues Society Subscribe to Mailing List Boise Blues Society sends out occasional messages about upcoming shows and other blues events. Stay current on the local scene.  click here Join or Renew Your Membership Online Get ticket and merchandise discounts, and help us spread knowledge and appreciation of blues music throughout the Boise area! Join us today . Donate Online Now We know your time is valuable. Want to support our work? Simply click here to donate any amount you choose. Corporate Sponsors Welcome our newest corporate sponsor: If you love the Blues and would like to become a Corporate Level Sponsor, please contact Rocky Cook at rocky@idpremierprop.com Boise Blues Society – STATS for 2018 Over the past year,  with your support , the BBS has provided children in 13 area elementary schools with presentations including a live blues mini-concert exposing and educating them to the history and development of blues music in the USA.  BBS, in 2018 also has awarded three $500 scholarships to aspiring, local youth interested in pursuing their passion for blues music.   With your support , BBS, has produced 6 shows with nationally known Blues Artists, including several nominated for awards by the Memphis-based Blues Foundation. And,  with your support , BBS has produced 23 shows with local bands at the Sandbar, and hosted 10 jam sessions for all local blues musicians, and showcase blues bands debuting their music at the Playhouse Boise.  During 2018, BBS also produced several benefit shows highlighting local bands and benefiting the community, as well as the BBS, including the Wipe Away the Blues Festival at the JUMP Center, Fat Tuesday, and the Winter Blues Festival. Yes, BBS  needs your continued support .  Please join or renew your membership to help us continue to impact the Boise community with the Blues!  More great things to come!  Stay tuned…. Link to Join or Renew: http://Boisebluessociety.wildappricot.org Local Boise Blues Bands Local Band Resource List Compiled by the 2018 BBS Events Committee: Ken Harris, Chair; David Light; Bill Arnold; and Dale Wilson The bands on this list are not endorsed by the Boise Blues Society (BBS) , but have been vetted and played blues music at BBS events.  All of the bands listed below have assisted the BBS by playing in our benefits and/or have hosted jam sessions as a showcase band, thereby promoting the mission of the society.  Their contribution to the Boise Blues Society is greatly appreciated. If you have a blues band that is not included on this list, please contact Bill Arnold at  drbilrnold@gmail.com   for information about what your band needs to do to be vetted by the BBS Events Committee for a listing here.  Our intent is to support local blues music and the local bands that promote it.  The list will be included to assist selection of local bands for BBS produced events and also posted on the BBS social media as a resource list for local venues looking for bands. View the List Here SANDBAR SCHEDULE for BLUES TUESDAYS Boise Blues Society SANDBAR SCHEDULE for BLUES TUESDAYS for 2019 6-9PM   The Boise Blues Society has partnered with the Riverside Hotel for our second year of Tuesday Blues Evenings at the Sandbar.  Check out the Tuesday schedule.  Come and enjoy these free shows with local blues bands.  Enjoy a relaxing evening at the Sandbar next to the Boise River. View the Schedule Here The Boise Blues Society Jam – NEW VENUE at Ironwood Bar & Grill for JULY 14 JAM When: 2 nd  Sunday of each Month Jam Date & Host Band: July 14, 2019 Tone Kings Venue: Ironwood Bar & Grill (5467 N Glenwood St,) Full Bar, Grill Food Menu, and Friendly Wait Staff Time:  3pm to 6pm Music: Blues Only LISTENERS and MUSICIANS ARE WELCOME!  No Cover Charge….FREE!! Venue The Ironwood is a family-friendly environment with a stage, large dance floor, and a sound system.   Youth are encouraged to participate in jam sessions.  BBS mentors will be available to answer any questions these young blues musicians may have.  All ages are welcome to come, observe, and learn. Drinks and grill food items will be available for sale by the Ironwood, as well as BBS CD’s and related items. Management Each Jam session will be managed by a volunteer appointed by the BBS Board of Directors.  The goal to make playing the blues both fun, as well as organized for smooth transitions. The BBS volunteer will be responsible for placing individuals into jam bands and designating the order, or priority, in which individuals and bands will play.  Each band or BBS composed jam band, or individual musician will be able to play for 15 minutes (or 3 songs not lasting more than 15 minutes) in order to allow full participation of those wanting to jam. Hosting Showcase Bands BBS is seeking host bands that will be showcased at the Jam and play a 30-minute set to start the Jam Session.  Host bands will be able to sell their CD’s or other marketing materials to those attending.  Musicians in the Host band will also be responsible for covering when the need arises for a bass player, drummer, or another musician.  If you have a band and would like to be considered for a Host Band, please send an email to Boiseblueswilson@gmail.com (Dale Wilson) with your email,  telephone number, and the name of your band.  Host Bands will be selected based on BBS review of the band’s musical performance of at least one blues song by CD, Facebook or Youtube post, or another means of displaying their band’s musical ability. Application to be a Host Band does not assure selection as one. Jam Players Individuals and Bands will sign up for the Jam session when they arrive at the Ironwood.  Each Jammer, whether signed in by Band or Individual, will be assigned to play in the order in which they registered to play when they arrived.  If a Band is not ready to play at the time called because a member is missing, the Band will be moved down to the next available priority until they arrive; or, the Band may choose to play with an Individual Jammer substituting for the missing player(s). Equipment The Showcase Host Band will be providing a drum kit and bass amplifier for all musicians.  BBS will be providing microphones, with the BBS also providing the sound equipment and sound engineer.  Bands or individuals needing a keyboard should bring their own.  Other instrument equipment is also the responsibility of the individual or band participating. We appreciate your support and hope to see you there! -Boise Blues Society #content-sidebar #main-content Spreading knowledge and appreciation of blues music throughout Southern Idaho. WHO ARE WE? The Boise Blues Society, a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization, brings the blues in all its forms to fans of all ages throughout the Treasure Valley. We use the American art form of blues music to develop our youth, build our community, and strengthen our economy. Contact us at 208-440-4590 or PO Box 2756, Boise, Idaho 83701 or email boisebluessociety@gmail.com . #primary-sidebar #secondary #main #footer-sidebar #supplementary Proudly powered by WordPress .site-info #colophon #page ngg_resource_manager_marker error: Content is protected 