Cadellin English ceilidh band - ceilidhs for weddings and parties in Sheffield, South Yorkshire and Derbyshire, UK   Cadellin - English ceilidh band put class="current" in the li tag for the selected page - to highlight which page you're on Home Events Music Us FAQs Weddings Contact insert your sidebar items here Testimonials "We'd like to add our thanks to Cadellin for being such a great part of our wedding reception. We were really grateful to you for being so responsive to emails and for being kind enough to meet all of our requests. We loved the music and thought you created a really fun atmosphere for all of our guests."  — Jen, wedding reception, Sheffield   "So many of my guests commented on how much they enjoyed the ceilidh and how good your band and caller were - the music was excellent and you may find a few more enquiries coming your way from people in the village planning future parties!" — Caroline, 50th birthday party, Derbyshire "Just wanted to say thanks very much for Saturday night, it was really good fun and everyone enjoyed themselves. I've got a feeling we will be seeing you again soon!" — Karen, son's 18th birthday party, Derbyshire "Thank you and your team for Saturday's entertainment. It was exactly as we wished - and appreciated by our friends. Please pass on our thanks to your caller for pitching just right for the age mixture we had." — Keith, wedding anniversary party, Sheffield InstanceBeginEditable name="body" Cadellin - ceilidhs for weddings, parties and more! Cadellin are a lively Sheffield-based English ceilidh band who provide ceilidhs/barn dances for wedding and civil partnership receptions, birthday parties, corporate events, anniversary parties, club/society socials and more! We play traditional and contemporary ceilidh dance tunes on flute & whistle, melodeon and guitar, along with one of our friendly and experienced callers to teach the dances. Our ceilidhs offer you fun, inclusive and memorable entertainment for the guests at your event. We mainly perform in South Yorkshire and Derbyshire, but are happy to travel further afield.   InstanceEndEditable Copyright © 2017 Cadellin | HTML5 | CSS | design from HTML5webtemplates.co.uk 