Coila Ceilidh Band | Glasgow/Edinburgh BEGIN #wrap BEGIN .container BEGIN #header BEGIN .row BEGIN .sixteen columns Coila Ceilidh Band END .sixteen columns END .row BEGIN .row BEGIN #navigation Menu Home Weddings Client feedback Meet the band Albums The Complete Ceilidh Full On Get Reel Live at the Civic Blog Listen FAQs Contact Us END #navigation END .row END #header BEGIN .post class BEGIN .row BEGIN .sixteen columns BEGIN .postarea full [if lt IE 9]><script>document.createElement('video');</script><![endif] https://youtu.be/nLBJAUtOfdY Coila is a Scottish ceilidh band based in Glasgow, Edinburgh and Ayrshire. The band is popular for wedding receptions and features energetic award-winning musicians , an experienced dance caller and an optional DJ . With 25 years of experience and an entertaining 'caller' who clearly teaches all the dances step-by-step, each and every guest has a fantastic time at every one of Coila's ceilidhs! Get a quote Weddings & Events SCOTTISH WEDDING BAND OF THE YEAR 2018 Coila specialises in performing at wedding receptions and knows how to tailor its blend of music and dance to suit every audience. We regularly perform at: Weddings Ceilidh / DJ sets Corporate events Student ceilidhs Coila often travels internationally and has performed across Europe, Africa, Asia and North America for traditional Scottish weddings and Burns Night & St Andrew's celebrations for Caledonian Societies. Albums Over the years we have recorded several CDs, including the critically acclaimed, top-selling album ‘The Complete Ceilidh’, which is available to download from iTunes . Contact Us If you are interested in booking Coila for a ceilidh or you would simply like to check our availability and get a price quote, please. . . Phone us on 07900 431582 Email us at enquiries@coila.com Get a quote with our online enquiry form We'd love to hear from you . . . END .postarea full END .sixteen columns END .row END .post class END .container BEGIN .footer BEGIN .row BEGIN .footer-widgets Follow Us On Facebook News Royal Yacht Britannia Very plush gig venue last Fri night. The Royal Yacht Britannia is certainly a step up from the Waverley! 🙂 Last gig of 2015 & New Coila Video Final gig of a busy 2015 tonight, playing at the Hogmanay celebrations at Tigh Mor in the Trossachs. In early 2016 look out for the brand new Coila video which features music, dancing, band interviews, dance calling and... Feedback from recent performances Dalduff Farm A huge thank you to you all for the fantastic job you did – especially with such a non learning continental crowd!! It’s funny, I came across the first or second email that I sent you and said... Glenskirlie Castle Just a quick message to say thank you so much to Coila for playing at our wedding. You guys were amazing and so professional and everyone commented on how good you were. So many people and particularly people... END .footer-widgets END .row BEGIN .row BEGIN .footer-information BEGIN .footer-content Copyright © 2019 · All Rights Reserved · Coila Ceilidh Band RSS Feed · Log in END .footer-content END .footer-information END .row END .footer END #wrap 