ARMIK End Facebook Pixel Code End of Squarespace Headers Home About Armik Music News Guitar Academy Contact Back Armik's Recordings Videos Back Latest News Newsletters Charts Back Guitar Courses Sheet Music Home About Armik Music Armik's Recordings Videos News Latest News Newsletters Charts Guitar Academy Guitar Courses Sheet Music Contact World Fusion, Flamenco, Spanish Guitar END .sqs-gallery-meta-container   ABOUT ARMIK In a career that now numbers more than 35 recordings under his own name, Armik has established a variety of new benchmarks. He has developed an unsurpassed facility for integrating the Spanish guitar scales to give his songs a Spanish feel with the instrument’s conventional range, bringing a new edge and polish to the concept of extended technique. Read More.   STREAM OR DOWNLOAD Armik’s recordings on Bolero Records are available worldwide at all major music stores and online. FOLLOW ARMIK Armik’s Official Social Media Pages: ARMIK’S BRAND NEW RECORDING: ALCHEMY The elegant guitar genius of Armik is carefully curated for Alchemy in ten new compositions that take his sonic signatures to a new realm. He brings together influences of flamenco, Spanish Guitar, Latin rhythms & Jazz to create music that is refreshingly new, unique, and contemporary. While firmly placing his trademark style and elegant strumming within the context of a globalized generation, Alchemy has pushed musical boundaries beyond Armik’s previous ideas while staying true to his original concept: creating lushly textured arrangements and music that brings the world closer together. SOLO TRACKS Armik’s artistic storytelling is showcased on these new powerful live performance tracks that are being released as singles. The first of the series is the amazing, El Arte De La Guitarra (Live Variation) followed by Dream Catcher (Solo Live Variation) , Guitarerra , Toledo Solo (Live Variation) and Solo Passion .  The multi talented virtuoso is also known for recording purely improvised solos at the time of recording and plays freely with whatever feelings that come his way on a first take. This is true art representing the artist. Only Armik, being the master guitarist he is, could tell these stories so beautifully and intimately through his guitar’s soul and sound.   ARMIK ON THE CHARTS Armik’s recordings landed on the Billboard’s New Age chart in 1994 with his very first release, and have topped the charts continuously since 2004. He is also among Billboard magazine’s Top Ten New Age artists from 2004 to 2018. Read More.   FOLLOW @ARMIKOFFICIAL ON INSTAGRAM   LATEST NEWS 07.08.2019 Armik’s Brand New Album, Alchemy is Available Now Worldwide for Download/Streaming. 07.08.2019 Armik’s recent live recorded solo track singles/videos are Available Worldwide. 07.08.2019 Now scheduling 2019-2020 performances. For Bookings, contact Armik’s management (Bookings@armik.com, Bookings@bolero-records.com).   NEWSLETTERS Read Armik’s latest newsletters and join our mailing list to receive news for upcoming releases and more. First Name Last Name Email Address Sign Up Thank you! FEATURED PLAYLIST   FEATURED VIDEOS Click here to view more videos.   VISIT BOLERO RECORDS WEBSITE     Contact Terms of Use Armik's Music Publishing, Inc./ Bolero Records: 18653 Ventura Blvd. Suite 314, Tarzana, CA 91356 Phone: 1-818-888-1059 * Email: info@armik.com © 2001-2019 Bolero Records. All rights reserved. Terms of Use. 