 Broken Walls | Breaking Walls of Separation Tweet Facebook Twitter YouTube MySpace RSS Search Home About Us Web Store Events and Calendar Booking Broken Walls Media Warriors Cry Songs Photo Gallery Videos Links News Support Support & Donate Warriors of Prayer Contact Us Salamanca, NY Learn More Broken Walls and Carry the Cure travelled to Salamanca, NY on November 16th, 17th and 18th, 2018. It was a great time with old friends and an opportunity to make some new ones. Iditarod Outreach 2019 Learn More This year’s Iditarod Outreach was truly amazing! At each stop, we were greeted with great enthusiasm. Kako Family Camp, 2019 Learn More Jonathan, Bill and Kenneth Simpson were invited to Kako Family Camp near Russian Mission, AK to minister to families in the Yukon-Kusko Region and to train them to ‘Carry the Cure’ to other villages. Ketchikan, Alaska Learn More Broken Walls played at the annual ‘My Rock’ music festival again this year. Warriors of Prayer Learn More There has been a call for warriors to Rise Up and meet the challenges we face with prayer. We believe that our Creator has given each of us a part to play. Broken Walls Band Based on Native American/ First Nations Heritage of North America, Broken Walls is a band that travels extensively around the world communicating a message of restoration dignity, self respect, and Creator’s Love to all cultures. This message is communicated uniquely through music, songs, dance and storytelling. From intimate gatherings to large concert venues, Broken Walls is truly an unforgettable experience! Often starting with our Mohawk water drum, Broken Walls will perform on a variety of Indigenous instruments such as the Mohawk windflute or the large buffalo hide pow wow drum, eventually graduating to a full on contemporary band. Even while performing as a full band you hear the ancient vocals, beats & sounds of their native heritage. Together Broken Walls has traveled to such places as Australia, Austria, China, Costa Rica, France, Germany, Ireland Mexico, Peru, Switzerland and extensively across North America with a message of self respect wherever people are suffering from shame. BW has a desire to see people of all nations walk in their gifts and destinies that they were created with. CD’s and Flutes can also be ordered through our office. Call 613-396-1954 Subscribe to our Newsletter Email RSS Upcoming Events More >> Support Broken Walls Featured Video View More Videos Latest News 0 Ketchikan, Alaska 2019 Events July 16, 2019 0 Kako Family Camp, 2019 Events May 27, 2019 0 Iditarod Outreach 2019 Events March 19, 2019 Broken Walls @ Twitter Loading... Follow Us On Facebook Broken Walls © Broken Walls 234 Bayshore Rd. Tyendinaga Territory, ON K0K1X0, Canada About Us About The Band Support BW Media Songs Photo Gallery Video Gallery Links News BW News Warriors Cry Calendar of Events Booking Broken Walls Web Store Checkout Contact Us Contact Form Facebook Twitter Youtube RSS Phone: (613) 396-1954 • Fax: (613) 396-1124 • [email protected] • All Rights Reserved • Web Solution by NetParadigms® Fly Come and See Sing to the Mountains River Of Life It's You Start Shareaholic TopSharingBar Automatic End Shareaholic TopSharingBar Automatic 