 Beverley & District Pipe Band Beverley & District Pipe Band Promoting the Teaching & Learning of Piping & Drumming   /xs-header-logo /search-wrap /xs-header Home About Beverley & District Pipers Drummers Pipe Bands Competing Recruitment Sponsors News Gallery History Music Sound Embellishments The Scale Piobaireachd Downloads Events Members Login Guestbook Media Video Audio Press Contact Us /xs-primary-menu /slider nivoSlider /slider-wrap Welcome Welcome to Beverley & District Pipe Band, based near Hull in East Yorkshire. Led by Pipe Major Paul Wright and Leading Drummer Phil Dickinson, Beverley & District Pipe Band is a dedicated group of friends that form East Yorkshire’s only competitive Grade 4 Pipe Band. The focus is not solely Pipe Band Competitions, but rather the enjoyment and satisfaction gained from producing a great sound from both Bagpipes and Drums. If you are looking for a Scottish Pipe Band or just Highland Piper for your event (whether large or small), then please contact us. Alternatively if you are looking for a new hobby or social activity – even if you hadn’t considered learning to play the Bagpipes or Drums – again, please contact us . And if you dare to think you don’t like the sound of the Highland Bagpipe then there’s even more reason to get in touch – we think we can convert you! Beverley & District Pipe Band makes for a great alternative to a team sport as a social activity for anyone in the Hull area, attracting members young and old from the greater reaches of East Yorkshire, West Yorkshire, North Yorkshire and North Lincolnshire. /xs-homepage-text Educational Workshops… Since 2016 the band has been running educational workshops. Starting with colleagues from grade 1 bands, to qualified RSPBA instructors and adjudicators, to more recently professional instructors and band leaders from the very top of grade 1. Not only will being a member of Beverley & District Pipe Band give you access to the world’s best tutors once or twice a year, but also weekly tuition from our band members who have been taught by the very best. The tuition provided at Beverley & District Pipe Band, is – and we can now confidently quote – “no different” to what you would get if you paid for lessons north of the border, and we provide it for FREE * For more information please contact us . /xs-homepage-box Competition Success… 2017 North East England Branch Champions in Grade 4 – the first full band victory. Also 2017 is the second year in succession that the band won the North East RSPBA Grade 4 Mini Band Contest, and was again awarded the Best Corps of Drums. The pipe corps also took first place in the G4b Selection and G4a March, Strathspey & Reel trio contests. All of which is testament to the dedication and hard work from all band members. The band continues to work to produce better performances for 2018. /xs-homepage-box Hire… The band is available for hire, and regularly leads parades, performs at concerts, weddings and galas all over the East Riding of Yorkshire. The bagpipes bring a sense of occasion to all events, whether you require a full band, mini band, or solo piper. We have years of experience, and can advise how to tailor the performance(s) to your event. /xs-homepage-box /xs-homepage-boxes /xs-home-wrap /xs-container /wrap © 2011 Beverley & District Pipe Band Design by Business WordPress Themes /xs-social /xs-copyright 