David Bruce - Composer David Bruce - Composer About News Works Listen Calendar Press Discography Contact ☰ About News Works Listen Calendar Press Discography Contact David Bruce - Composer OFTEN witty, always colourful, pulsing with earthy rhythms, David Bruce's music has a directness rarely heard in contemporary music, but also contains an emotional core of striking intimacy and sensitivity. ..read more... Oboe to the power of 10 Wigmore Hall commission piece for 10 oboes New Video of Undula My 2017 piece for piano solo, recorded by Sequoia New Commission for 2018 BBC Proms Sidechaining was premiered at the Proms on July 15th. A Premiere at the Elbphilharmonie David has written a new piece for plucked instruments commissioned by NDR New piece for San Diego Symphony David was asked to write a fanfare for departing Maestro, Jahja Ling Cymbeline / Avi Avital & Dovers Concert performance of Cymbeline by Avi Avital & Dover Quartet, from the Vancouver leg of their recent North American tour. Nothing - Danish Premiere Danish National Opera gives the Danish premiere of Nothing this February, as the opera receives numerous 'Best of Year' reviews from the critics The Consolation of Rain Another fantastic performance and video from Camerata Pacifica, here's the world premiere of the work they commissioned The Consolation of Rain . Yo-Yo Ma & Silk Road US Tour The ensemble, who commissioned Cut the Rug perform the piece at a string of high-profile festivals across the US this summer. Steampunk / Camerata Pacifica Check out the costumes and stunning musicianship on display in this performance of Steampunk filmed earlier in the year in Santa Barbara. Jennifer Koh @ NYPhil Biennial Jennifer will premiere David's new solo violin piece 'Marzipan'. Julian Bliss/Carducci Quartet Gumboots CD released Five-star reviews for Nothing 'Nothing' premiered at Glyndebourne in February to huge critical acclaim. Yo-Yo Ma & Silk Road Film Trailer The Music of Strangers, a new film about Yo-Yo Ma's unique ensemble features Bruce's specially composed work 'Cut the Rug' Philip's approval Philip Pullman tweeted that 'The Firework-Maker's Daughter' was "one of the best treatments a story of mine has ever received. Loved it!" Violin Concerto Premiere with Gil Shaham 'Frafile Light', a new violin concerto was premiered by Gil Shaham and the San Diego Symphony David's Youtube Channel John Adams - Modes Jazz Chords & Slonimsky     Why Copyright Law STEALS From Us All The Rhythms of Tigran Hamasyan     How Beethoven Writes for Orchestra MUSIC Vs. PATTERN     Bach Funked Up 100 year old Polyrhythms Vs. New Polyrhythms     The Music that isn't Itself How CORY HENRY Crafts a SOLO (Snarky Puppy LINGUS)     Why your MUSIC sounds 12 Shades of Grey Forthcoming Events Jul 21 2019 Gumboots St Peters Church Norton, Malton Julian Bliss, Carducci Quartet Aug 9 2019 The Eye of Night Macquarie Conservatorium, Dubbo NSW Chrysalis Trio Aug 14 2019 The Eye of Night Bunjil Place, Narre Warren VIC, Australia Chrysalis Trio More Events >> Recent news items Oboe to the power of 10 New Video of Undula New commission for 2018 BBC Proms Premiere in the Elbphilharmonie Undula for Molly Morkowski Most popular posts Beginners Lessons in Tabla playing Indian melodies, Indian ornaments Have all the good melodies already been used up? Ligeti's Sippal, dobbal, nadihegedűvel text and translation My Lagerphone is built All works are available through billholabmusic.com .   © 2019 David Bruce 