Bob Marks - Vocal Coach Home Bio Coaching Private Sessions Workshops & Master Classes Sunday Private Intensives Info/Tips FAQs Selecting Songs Sheet Music Articles Why Bob Marks? Online Warmup Contact Home Bio Coaching Private Sessions Workshops & Master Classes Sunday Private Intensives Info/Tips FAQs Selecting Songs Sheet Music Articles Why Bob Marks? Online Warmup Contact Working with singers on developing their vocal technique, repertoire, and performance skills is not a sideline for me. For over three decades, I've devoted my professional life to providing singers the support and guidance required for the challenging show business industry. My number one priority, now and always, has been vocal health. That’s one of the major reasons I received my college degree in speech and voice pathology. As a  vocal coach , music arranger, accompanist, conductor, and Music Director, I’ve been helping singers prepare their songs for performances on stage and at auditions. My studio is located in New York City, and I am available for private sessions by appointment, and also will arrange  master classes  for groups of students. I recently began offering  Sunday Private Intensives : 3-hours on a Sunday devoted to your special needs and performance preparation. For students coming in from out of town, preparing for a specific audition, or updating their repertoire, we can accomplish a lot in this relaxed, uninterrupted time period. Planning to major in Musical Theatre in college? My students have been accepted to dozens of major Acting and Musical Theatre programs worldwide including: University of Michigan, Carnegie Mellon University, New York University Tisch School of the Arts, The Hartt School of Music, Fordham University, The Guildhall School, RADA, Urdang Academy, Wagner College, Boston University, Boston College, Boston Conservatory, USC, UCLA, Pace University, Marymount Manhattan College, and many others. I'll also transpose or orchestrate your music,  expand your repertoire , record your demo, or put together your cabaret show. I hope you’ll find the information in this website useful! If you’re a current client of mine, and would like to book an appointment online, please  click here . There are many voice teachers and vocal coaches in New York City.... why should you choose Bob Marks ? Sign Up For My Newsletter Sign up for Email News Bob on Wiki Out of town? Online lessons available on Facetime or CURRENT AND FORMER STUDENTS ON BROADWAY Anastasia, Book of Mormon, Chicago, Come From Away, Dear Evan Hansen, Frozen, Harry Potter and the Cursed Child, Hello, Dolly, The Lion King, Kinky Boots, Mean Girls, Phantom of the Opera, Rock of Ages, School of Rock, Waitress, Wicked A BIT OF HISTORICAL ALPHABETICAL NAME DROPPING! Laura Bell Bundy, Kerry Butler, Bridget Fonda, Sarah Michelle Gellar, Deborah Gibson, Ariana Grande, Nikki M. James, Ricki Lake, Constantine Maroules, Lea Michele, Robert Morse, Sarah Jessica Parker, Natalie Portman, Christy Carlson Romano, Lea Salonga, Jamie-Lynn Sigler, Britney Spears, Ashley Tisdale MASTER CLASSES Groups of any size will learn a great deal from a workshop with Robert Marks. Classes can be specially designed for the needs of your group, whether they are aspiring professionals or just interested in the inner-workings of show business. Learn More EXISTING CLIENT? SCHEDULE YOUR NEXT APPOINTMENT ONLINE! Book ONLINE Follow me Facebook Twitter Instagram National Association of Teachers of Singing American Society of Composers, Authors and Publishers Teachers Association NY Snging Teachers Association Site by: Sylar Media ©2019 Bob Marks. All rights Reserved. feedback 