Recording the best drum loops found anywhere since 2001 | Beta Monkey Skip to content flex-col left center Audio Contact FAQ News Reviews Testimonials Login / Register .account-login-link Cart / $ 0.00 No products in the cart. .nav-dropdown .flex-col right .flex-row #header-top Logo Header logo Mobile Left Elements Left Elements All Blues Country Funk Jazz Metal Odd Time Other Rock Bundles Right Elements .flex-col .flex-col .flex-row Mobile Right Elements Cart Sidebar Popup Cart No products in the cart. .header-inner .header-main .header-bg-container bg-layers 70,000+ songwriters use BetaMonkey drum loops. Find out why. Live, acoustic drum loops recorded by A-list drummers are hard to find. Look no more. We have the drum beats you need, from jazz, fusion, and rock to metal, funk, and country. All sample download packs include loops and matching drum samples. Shop Now! text-box-inner text-box .banner-layers .banner-inner .banner bg-layers Save 50% on all orders over $100 Use code monkey19 Offer expires 7/21/19. text-box-inner text-box .banner-layers .banner-inner .banner bg-layers Pro Drum Tracks Start With THE RIGHT DRUMS…   Start jamming now! text-box-inner text-box .banner-layers .banner-inner .banner .banner-grid .row .grid .banner-grid-wrapper Find Your Drums Now! .section-title Rock Metal Country Blues Jazz Odd Time Funk Other Bundles box-image Bundles Bay Area Hard Rock + Metal Bundle Rated 5.00 out of 5 $ 49.99 box-text box .col-inner col box-image Retro, Vintage Classic Backbeats II: Live studio drums for rock and roll, MoTown, 60s rock, songwriters Rated 5.00 out of 5 $ 29.99 box-text box .col-inner col box-image Rock Drum Werks IX – Hard and Heavy Rock $ 29.99 box-text box .col-inner col box-image Punk Drum Werks X: 100% Loud and Fast Drum Loops for Punk and Punk Rock. Rated 5.00 out of 5 $ 29.99 box-text box .col-inner col box-image Hard Rock Drum Werks XI: UpTempo Hard Rock Drum Loops $ 29.99 box-text box .col-inner col box-image Alt Rock Drum Werks XIX | Alt Rock, Indie, Garage Rock Drums Rated 5.00 out of 5 $ 29.99 box-text box .col-inner col box-image Rock Drum Werks XVI: Classic Rock, Hard Rock $ 29.99 box-text box .col-inner col box-image Rock Drum Werks XVII | Legendary Rock Grooves $ 29.99 box-text box .col-inner col box-image Rock Drum Werks XX | Alt Rock Rated 5.00 out of 5 $ 29.99 box-text box .col-inner col box-image Rock Drum Werks XXV | Up-Tempo 6/8 Drum Loops Rated 5.00 out of 5 $ 29.99 box-text box .col-inner col box-image Rock Drum Werks XXVII | Groove Rock Drum Loops Rated 5.00 out of 5 $ 29.99 box-text box .col-inner col box-image Rock Drum Werks XXVIII | High-Octane Rock Drum Loops Rated 5.00 out of 5 $ 29.99 box-text box .col-inner col box-image Bundles L.A. Rock Bundle Rated 5.00 out of 5 $ 99.99 box-text box .col-inner col box-image Rock Rock Ballads | Drum Werks XXVI Rated 4.00 out of 5 $ 29.99 box-text box .col-inner col Sale! box-image Bundles Vintage & Retro Drum Loop Bundle $ 89.97 $ 49.99 box-text box .col-inner col row box-image Bundles Bay Area Hard Rock + Metal Bundle Rated 5.00 out of 5 $ 49.99 box-text box .col-inner col box-image Metal Double Bass Mania I Reloaded | Heavy Metal Loops, Samples Rated 5.00 out of 5 $ 29.99 box-text box .col-inner col box-image Metal Double Bass Mania II | Extreme Metal Rated 5.00 out of 5 $ 29.99 box-text box .col-inner col box-image Metal Double Bass Mania III | Speed Metal Rated 5.00 out of 5 $ 29.99 box-text box .col-inner col box-image Metal Double Bass Mania IV | Groove Metal, Power Metal Rated 5.00 out of 5 $ 29.99 box-text box .col-inner col box-image Metal Double Bass Mania V | Doom Metal Drum Loops and Samples Rated 5.00 out of 5 $ 29.99 box-text box .col-inner col box-image Metal Double Bass Mania VI | Triplets of Doom Metal $ 29.99 box-text box .col-inner col box-image Metal Double Bass Mania VII | PURE MODERN METAL Rated 5.00 out of 5 $ 29.99 box-text box .col-inner col box-image Metal Double Bass Mania VIII | Deathcore, Djent, Tech Metal Rated 5.00 out of 5 $ 29.99 box-text box .col-inner col row box-image Country Brush drum loops for country, folk, rockabilly | Pure Country V Rated 5.00 out of 5 $ 29.99 box-text box .col-inner col box-image Blues Drum Werks VI | Rockabilly, Bluesy, Country Swing Rated 5.00 out of 5 $ 29.99 box-text box .col-inner col box-image Country Nashville Brushes Country Drum Loops | Pure Country III Rated 5.00 out of 5 $ 29.99 box-text box .col-inner col box-image Bundles Nashville Bundle | Country Drum Loops Rated 5.00 out of 5 $ 69.99 box-text box .col-inner col box-image Country Pure Country I | Rocking Nashville Modern Country Drum Loops Rated 5.00 out of 5 $ 29.99 box-text box .col-inner col box-image Country Pure Country II | Alt Country $ 29.99 box-text box .col-inner col box-image Country PURE COUNTRY IV: NASHVILLE BRUSHES™ Rated 4.75 out of 5 $ 29.99 box-text box .col-inner col row box-image Retro, Vintage Classic Backbeats I | Vintage and retro drum beats of rock, surf, pop, blues $ 29.99 box-text box .col-inner col box-image Blues Drum Werks III | Blues Drum Loops Rated 5.00 out of 5 $ 29.99 box-text box .col-inner col box-image Rock Drum Werks IV | Studio Grooves for Rock, Bluesy-Rock, and Pop Rock. Rated 5.00 out of 5 $ 29.99 box-text box .col-inner col box-image Blues Drum Werks VI | Rockabilly, Bluesy, Country Swing Rated 5.00 out of 5 $ 29.99 box-text box .col-inner col TOP SELLER! box-image Blues Drum Werks XII: 12/8 blues, shuffles, blues-rock Rated 5.00 out of 5 $ 29.99 box-text box .col-inner col row box-image Jazz Jazz Drum Tracks | Jazz Essentials II $ 29.99 box-text box .col-inner col box-image Jazz Jazz Drum Tracks | Jazz Essentials III Rated 5.00 out of 5 $ 29.99 box-text box .col-inner col box-image Jazz Jazz Essentials I Jazz Drum Loops Rated 5.00 out of 5 $ 29.99 box-text box .col-inner col box-image Jazz Multi-track Jazz Drums | Jazz Essentials IV $ 39.99 box-text box .col-inner col box-image Funk Rock Hard Funk I | Funk, Funk-Rock, Jazz-Funk, Neo-Soul, Trippy Funk Rated 5.00 out of 5 $ 29.99 box-text box .col-inner col row box-image Odd Time 100% Odd Time Drum Loops, Drum Samples: Odd Time Meltdown I $ 29.99 box-text box .col-inner col box-image Odd Time Odd Time Meltdown II | Odd Time Drum Loops and Samples for Rock, Fusion, and More. $ 29.99 box-text box .col-inner col box-image Odd Time Odd Time Meltdown III | Odd Meter Drum Loops for Fusion, Progressive Rock Rated 5.00 out of 5 $ 29.99 box-text box .col-inner col box-image Odd Time Odd Time Meltdown IV | 3/4, 5/4, 7/4, 7/8 Time Drum Loops for Fusion, Prog-Rock Rated 5.00 out of 5 $ 29.99 box-text box .col-inner col row box-image Funk Drum Werks XIII | Funk, Funk-Rock, R & B, and Soul $ 29.99 box-text box .col-inner col box-image Alt Rock Drum Werks XVIII | Rock, Funk, Pop Grooves $ 29.99 box-text box .col-inner col box-image Bundles Funk Drum Loops Bundle Rated 5.00 out of 5 $ 49.99 box-text box .col-inner col box-image Funk Rock Hard Funk I | Funk, Funk-Rock, Jazz-Funk, Neo-Soul, Trippy Funk Rated 5.00 out of 5 $ 29.99 box-text box .col-inner col box-image Funk Rock Hard Funk II | Funk, Funk-Rock, RnB Grooves $ 29.99 box-text box .col-inner col box-image Funk Rock Hard Funk III | Modern Funk Rated 4.50 out of 5 $ 29.99 box-text box .col-inner col row box-image Reggae Drum Werks XXI | Reggae Drum Loops Rated 5.00 out of 5 $ 29.99 box-text box .col-inner col box-image Ska Drum Werks XXII | Ska Drum Loops $ 29.99 box-text box .col-inner col box-image Percussion Percussion loops | Studio Percussion Toolbox Rated 5.00 out of 5 $ 29.99 box-text box .col-inner col row box-image Bundles Bay Area Hard Rock + Metal Bundle Rated 5.00 out of 5 $ 49.99 box-text box .col-inner col box-image Bundles Funk Drum Loops Bundle Rated 5.00 out of 5 $ 49.99 box-text box .col-inner col box-image Bundles L.A. Rock Bundle Rated 5.00 out of 5 $ 99.99 box-text box .col-inner col box-image Bundles Nashville Bundle | Country Drum Loops Rated 5.00 out of 5 $ 69.99 box-text box .col-inner col Sale! box-image Bundles Vintage & Retro Drum Loop Bundle $ 89.97 $ 49.99 box-text box .col-inner col row USER-SUBMITTED AUDIO More Audio Demos .section-title   News and Announcements Read More News .section-title .box-image Product Reviews Classic Backbeats II Review – MusicTech Magazine March 2019 MusicTech Magazine Reviews a customer favorite: Classic Backbeats II In the March 2019 edition of MusicTech Magazine, reviewers took a good look at one of our all-time favorite drum loop collections: Classic Backbeats II. This old-school library of drum grooves, all inspired by the timeless [...] Read More... .box-text-inner .box-text 23 Mar .box .link .col-inner .col .box-image Product Reviews User Music and Video Submissions Sometimes You Need a Reminder A Beta Monkey user reminds us of what makes Beta Monkey different We received an email recently. At first view, it was a nice compliment about the work we do here at Beta Monkey. And, of course, it was a testament to the non-stop work [...] Read More... .box-text-inner .box-text 09 Feb .box .link .col-inner .col .box-image General Announcements Here’s to a great 2018! More Great Loops and Samples for 2019! 2018 was a great year for Beta Monkey. We are always amazed how the back catalog of drum loops and samples continues to inspire and help create new music from musicians around the world. Having been a reliable [...] Read More... .box-text-inner .box-text 01 Jan .box .link .col-inner .col .box-image General Announcements The Easiest Way to Get Good Drum Tracks Want the easiest way to play along with some live, acoustic rock drum tracks? Just click play! Rock Drum Track Play-Along – Rock Drum Loops 90 BPM About this Backing Track This 16th note beat delivers a solid rock drum backing track, a great groove [...] Read More... .box-text-inner .box-text 06 Dec .box .link .col-inner .col .box-image General Announcements Looking for Rock Drum Loops? Try jamming along this 90 BPM Rock Backing Drum Track! For all you out there looking for some quality drum tracks to jam along with, we’ve been putting together a few different play-along videos in a number of different musical styles. It’s an easy and [...] Read More... .box-text-inner .box-text 06 Dec .box .link .col-inner .col .box-image User Music and Video Submissions Videos Metal Drum Tracks Still Flowing from the Double Bass Mania Series! Every now and then you get sucked down the Youtube wormhole and you come across all sorts of things. This video came up and we heard the drums and thought, “Hey, wait a minute, these drum tracks sound familiar!” Sure enough, the audio was constructed [...] Read More... .box-text-inner .box-text 22 Aug .box .link .col-inner .col .box-image Product Reviews Jazz Essentials II Jazz Drum Tracks Review – MusicTech Magazine August 2018 Live, unedited jazz drum tracks… that’s what Jazz Essentials II is all about! When you think of jazz, you think of free-flowing improvisation. Free, unfettered, exploration of a a musical idea that demands space and time to develop. Jazz is about communication between musician and [...] Read More... .box-text-inner .box-text 19 Aug .box .link .col-inner .col .box-image Product Reviews Beta Monkey Around the World! We have Beta Monkey users in over 60 countries around the world – never expected that when we starting releasing grooves back in 2002!  Here are some recent kind words shared with us… Los mejores Loops de Bateria en el mercado Buenas tardes con todos, [...] Read More... .box-text-inner .box-text 02 Apr .box .link .col-inner .col .box-image General Announcements Can We Ask You a Few Questions (And Save You 25%)? Can We Ask You a Few Questions (And Save You 25%)? We appreciate your business and value your opinion of our products. To help us continue making great loop and samples, we’re asking you to share your opinions and ideas about loop and sample products. [...] Read More... .box-text-inner .box-text 18 Mar .box .link .col-inner .col .box-image Tutorials and Knowledge Looking for 3/4 and 6/8? A Quick Guide! No one does anything usable in 3/4 and 6/8! Does Beta Monkey cover these time signatures? One of the most popular email questions we get from customers relates to which Beta Monkey sets contain 3/4 and 6/8 drum loops. It’s an often-overlooked time signature when [...] Read More... .box-text-inner .box-text 13 Mar .box .link .col-inner .col .box-image User Music and Video Submissions Live, acoustic drums? What a concept! A nice find shared with us, making great use of the classic sounds found on Classic Backbeats II If you’re after the sounds of live acoustic drums played in the styles that launched rock-n-roll, the grooves and fills from Classic Backbeats II will do the [...] Read More... .box-text-inner .box-text 03 Feb .box .link .col-inner .col .box-image General Announcements Beta Monkey at NAMM 2018 Looking forward to seeing old friends and making new ones! #NAMM2018 We hope to run into as many of you as we can this week at the NAMM Show in Anaheim. Looking forward to all the pre- and post-show activities as well! Get the full [...] Read More... .box-text-inner .box-text 24 Jan .box .link .col-inner .col .box-image General Announcements Beta Monkey drums getting it done on worldwide Soundcloud New & Hot, Jazz charts Thanks to long-time Beta Monkey user Simon Reich, Beta Monkey drums can be heard on several of Soundcloud’s top charts, including: New & Hot, Top 50, Jazz & Blues chart, worldwide, No 14. Check out the great work here: https://soundcloud.com/simon-reich/the-first-noel See what our drum loops [...] Read More... .box-text-inner .box-text 19 Dec .box .link .col-inner .col .box-image Product Announcements Live Jazz Drums – There’s No Substitute! Jazz Essentials II contains over 2 GB of live jazz drum tracks capturing essential jazz drum tracks for traditional jazz, Latin jazz, 3/4 jazz, blues-jazz, and more. We’re talking a live jazz drummer in the studio playing time, comping phrases, and mixing up the swing. [...] Read More... .box-text-inner .box-text 07 Nov .box .link .col-inner .col .box-image Tutorials and Knowledge 5 Essential Rock Drum Loops Sample Packs 5 Essential Rock Drum Loop Libraries Rock drumming is many things to many people. For some, it’s all about high-energy and power. For others, however, it’s more about deep pocket and a play-for-the-song mentality. While the rock genre means many things to many people (just [...] Read More... .box-text-inner .box-text 02 Nov .box .link .col-inner .col Reviews and Feedback Read More Reviews .section-title “Fierce and Brutal Metal Drum Grooves and Fills ” “If you’re after some intense metal drum grooves to add power and excitement to your tracks, then you might want to check out Double Bass Mania VIII from Beta Monkey. The playing really is world class, with some blistering fills and high octane beats delivering straight-up metal grooves alongside more complex syncopated patterns and alternative time signatures.” MusicTech Magazine .icon-box “If you need rock drums , you can’t beat the value for money.” “The 24-bit sounds are crisp and well recorded, with enough room ambience to give some “air”, but “dry” enough to accommodate adding reverb. There is no overkill compression or EQ, either. The style is rock, but there is one folder each for shuffled, triplet, and funk grooves… these are extremely usable loops that slide right into rock tracks, and minimal processing gives you lots of latitude.” Craig Anderton .icon-box “Excellent value for money and highly recommended” “The real strength of the library is the range of loops provided. As well as the usual one-, two-, and four-bar patterns and their variations, there are some really excellent fills, intros, endings, and breakdowns provided. This really does make it easy to construct a complete drum track with a minimum of fuss. This is an absolute steal – so much, in fact, that I ordered half a dozen more libraries myself! Excellent value for money and highly recommended.” Sound on Sound Magazine .icon-box Beta Monkey Features .section-title Universal Compatibility All Beta Monkey drum sample libraries include all popular loop formats, including 16-bit and 24-bit .WAV, APPLE LOOPS, and REX2. Compatible with Ableton Live, Logic Pro, Pro Tools, Cubase, FL Studio, Studio One, Reason, Reaper, and all other audio hardware, software DAWs. .icon-box Instant Downloads All drum sample packs can be downloaded instantly. Get the drum tracks you want when you need them. Expand your arsenal of drum samples when you need them. And, if you ever lose your grooves for any reason whatsoever, we’ll get you another instant download whenever you need it. .icon-box RECORD WITH THE BEST Get world-class studio drum sounds without the high prices. One day recording in a drum room can easily run into the thousands. Getting A-List studio drummers can easily cost as much. From famed studios in Los Angeles, Berkeley , Oakland, Nashville, New York City , and San Francisco , we bring those sounds and grooves directly to your tracks. Without the massive bill, of course. .icon-box Get More for Less It’s simple. You get the best drum loops for less with Beta Monkey. Compare the quality and quality with any of the competition and there’s no question. The days of over-hyped, over-priced (yet underwhelming) drum samples are long gone. .icon-box Hard to Find Styles We deliver the styles few, if any, other sample producers will touch. Looking for grooves in 5/8, 6/8, 7/8, or 12/8? Want to build drum tracks for blues, country, fusion, jazz, metal, rock? Find your grooves in our shop and get your music going today with our constantly-updated product offerings. .icon-box A Simple Philosophy We’ve remained the world’s most popular and independent drum samples for nearly 20 years for a simple reason: great drums, great prices, and great service. We’ve inspired over 75,000 artists worldwide to record, edit, and mix their music with easy-to-use and natural acoustic drums – it’s time to find out for yourself. .icon-box .col-inner .large-12 .row #main FOOTER 1 About Beta Monkey Recording the best drum loops found anywhere since 2001. We’ve recorded some of the world's best drummers. GRAMMY Awards, multi-platinum album sales, worldwide tours - that's the kind of studio pros you need to inspire your songwriting. Write rock, metal, fusion or jazz? We have your grooves. Beta Monkey are used in drum tracks by over 70,000 musicians and songwriters worldwide. Find out what we can do for your music. Why Beta Monkey Drum Loops? 100% acoustic drum loops – that’s why Beta Monkey is your best source for drum samples and loops for all genres and DAWs, including Ableton Live, Cubase, FL Studio, GarageBand, Logic, or ProTools. Get pure acoustic drum grooves you can actually use for songwriting. Get the best prices around. Get the drum loops and samples your music deserve. Learn more about what makes Beta Monkey the best drum loops for your music, no matter what style you play. All sample libraries are instant digital downloads that include .WAV, .AIFF and REX2 formats. Inspire new music with Beta Monkey today. Useful Links About Acoustic Drum Samples Best Drum Loops – Customer Favorites Beta Monkey Gear! Beta Monkey Survey Cross Library Compatibility Email List Sign-Up Free Drum Loops Newsletter Resources REX2 Drum Loops Info Root Tempo™ Songwriting System Info Presonus Studio One Info Privacy Policy User-Submitted Audio Using Apple Loops Who Needs Beta Monkey? Why Choose Beta Monkey? end row footer 1 FOOTER 2 -right © 2019 Beta Monkey . All Rights Reserved. .left .container .absolute-footer .footer-wrapper #wrapper Mobile Sidebar .flex-col .flex-col .flex-row All Blues Country Funk Jazz Metal Odd Time Other Rock Bundles Login .account-login-link inner #mobile-menu Login Username or email address  * Password  * Remember me Log in Lost your password? .login-inner Register Email address  * A password will be sent to your email address. Register .register-inner .large-6 .row .account-login-container WooCommerce JavaScript 