Choralis Choralis Search for: end search end social-media-area Home About Mission and Overview Artistic Team Organization Concerts Season at a Glance Concert Tickets Events Support Annual Campaign J. Reilly Lewis Memorial Fund No-Cost Giving Corporate & Foundation Support Government Support Education High School Singing Scholars Young Artists Competition Conducting Fellowship Workshops and Festivals Auditions Choralis Auditions HS Singing Scholar Auditions Members end dropdown-holder end top-wrapper Home end page-content-header end page-content-title News Sing-Along with Choralis this Summer! Choralis invites area singers to participate in its 2019 Summer Sings series. The... Choralis Announces 20th Anniversary Season: The Language of the World Choralis is offering an exciting mix of concerts, competition, and community sings to... Don’t Miss Mendelssohn’s Magnificent “Elijah” – This Sunday! Choralis will present Mendelssohn’s dramatic oratorio Elijah this Sunday, June 2nd, at 5:00... end widget_recent_posts Support Choralis Thank you for supporting Choralis with a financial contribution “,,,fully professional in the power and rhythmic vitality of its singing, the precision of its Latin pronunciation, the variety of its emotional flavors.” — The Washington Post Our Mission Learn why Choralis was established and about our organizational goals. Read more… Our Artists Meet Choralis’s artistic team and learn about our singers. Together, they make beautiful music! Read more… Our Team Leadership of our 501(c)(3) is provided by the dedicated and accomplished members of our Board of Directors. Read more… START REVOLUTION SLIDER 5.4.8.3 fullwidth mode SLIDE MAIN IMAGE LAYERS LAYER NR. 1 Concerts END REVOLUTION SLIDER Upcoming Dates July 30, 2019 at 7:00 pm Falls Church, VA Sing-Along: Brahms  Ein deutsches Requi em August 13, 2019 at 7:00 PM Falls Church, VA Sing-Along: Mozart Requiem  & Chilcott  Requiem Concert Information START REVOLUTION SLIDER 5.4.8.3 fullwidth mode SLIDE MAIN IMAGE LAYERS LAYER NR. 1 Education END REVOLUTION SLIDER Our High School Singing Scholars (HSSS) program lets talented teen singers participate as full members of Choralis, providing not only performance opportunities beyond what school programs can offer, but greater understanding of how non-profit arts organizations operate and are funded. Two HSSS participants will receive additional benefits as the named the Brimberry Scholar and J. Reilly Lewis Scholar each season. Choralis also has two programs directed at young adults seeking a career in music. Through the Young Artists Competition, emerging professional vocalists compete to be featured soloists at a Choralis concert. Through our Conducting Fellowship, a developing conductor gains podium experience at Choralis rehearsals and by directing at least one concert piece each season. START REVOLUTION SLIDER 5.4.8.3 fullwidth mode SLIDE MAIN IMAGE LAYERS LAYER NR. 1 Support END REVOLUTION SLIDER Donations Choralis depends on donations to cover nearly half of our operating budget. We have giving programs for both one-time and recurring gifts, as well as stock donations, planned giving, and corporate support. We invite you to explore the options and help Choralis carry out its performance and education mission through a donation. Choralis Giving Programs No-Cost Giving Ways to support Choralis without making a donation Amazon Smile Do your Amazon shopping through the Amazon Smile website Become a Volunteer Volunteer to help with Choralis concerts and events end main-content-padding end main-content end content-container end page-content Contact us: The Choralis Foundation P.O. Box 6012 Falls Church, VA  22040 (703) 237-2499 (phone) E-mail: info@choralis.org end bottom_1 end bottom-content-padding end bottom end bottom-bg © 2019 The Choralis Foundation Back to Top end footer-bg end wrapper-1 