Alex.Steinbach - Professional & Student Pianos About Products Services Dealers Contact Us Alex.Steinbach pianos offer creative choices of colours and styles plus the advantage of Australia's only piano lifetime warranty. Prelude Chic style in a spectrum of colours. The ideal instrument to start a musical career. $5,495 Piano Information Rental Information Rental Information Prelude The monthly rental is $ POA paid in advance. The piano will be brand new. The piano will be pre-serviced and tuned at no extra cost. The rental is for a minimum of one year. You will need to pay the delivery cost as arranged with your local dealer. You can offer to buy at any time. After three years the cost will not be more than $ POA . Rent Now Rent for $ POA  / month Sonata Functional with understated beauty. Sleek symmetry and compelling sound. $6,495 Piano Information Rental Information Rental Information Sonata The monthly rental is $ POA paid in advance. The piano will be brand new. The piano will be pre-serviced and tuned at no extra cost. The rental is for a minimum of one year. You will need to pay the delivery cost as arranged with your local dealer. You can offer to buy at any time. After three years the cost will not be more than $ POA . Rent Now Rent for $ POA  / month Romance ~ Contemporary Exudes cosmopolitan glamour. Available with the Magic Star silent play feature. $7,495 Piano Information Rental Information Rental Information Romance ~ Contemporary The monthly rental is $ POA paid in advance. The piano will be brand new. The piano will be pre-serviced and tuned at no extra cost. The rental is for a minimum of one year. You will need to pay the delivery cost as arranged with your local dealer. You can offer to buy at any time. After three years the cost will not be more than $ POA . Rent Now Rent for $ POA  / month Romance ~ Classic Graceful shape, aesthetically pleasing to see, hear and touch. Available with the Magic Star silent play feature. $7,495 Piano Information Rental Information Rental Information Romance ~ Classic The monthly rental is $ POA paid in advance. The piano will be brand new. The piano will be pre-serviced and tuned at no extra cost. The rental is for a minimum of one year. You will need to pay the delivery cost as arranged with your local dealer. You can offer to buy at any time. After three years the cost will not be more than $ POA . Rent Now Rent for $ POA  / month Récital Exuding European Class and Manufacturing Excellence $8,495 Piano Information Rental Information Rental Information Récital The monthly rental is $ POA paid in advance. The piano will be brand new. The piano will be pre-serviced and tuned at no extra cost. The rental is for a minimum of one year. You will need to pay the delivery cost as arranged with your local dealer. You can offer to buy at any time. After three years the cost will not be more than $ POA . Rent Now Rent for $ POA  / month Millennia II The ultimate professional piano for professional musicians $14,995 Piano Information Rental Information Rental Information Millennia II The monthly rental is $ POA paid in advance. The piano will be brand new. The piano will be pre-serviced and tuned at no extra cost. The rental is for a minimum of one year. You will need to pay the delivery cost as arranged with your local dealer. You can offer to buy at any time. After three years the cost will not be more than $ POA . Rent Now Rent for $ POA  / month Elegance Classic Elegance in sound and design. A baby grand piano sure to impress. $16,995 Piano Information Rental Information Rental Information Elegance Classic The monthly rental is $ POA paid in advance. The piano will be brand new. The piano will be pre-serviced and tuned at no extra cost. The rental is for a minimum of one year. You will need to pay the delivery cost as arranged with your local dealer. You can offer to buy at any time. After three years the cost will not be more than $ POA . Rent Now Rent for $ POA  / month Elegance II ~ Contemporary Compact in size but big in performance. Bring fun, music and memories to your home. $16,995 Piano Information Rental Information Rental Information Elegance II ~ Contemporary The monthly rental is $ POA paid in advance. The piano will be brand new. The piano will be pre-serviced and tuned at no extra cost. The rental is for a minimum of one year. You will need to pay the delivery cost as arranged with your local dealer. You can offer to buy at any time. After three years the cost will not be more than $ POA . Rent Now Rent for $ POA  / month Regal II Rich tonal qualities and full-bodied resonance. Equally at home in living rooms or auditoriums. $22,995 Piano Information Rental Information Rental Information Regal II The monthly rental is $ POA paid in advance. The piano will be brand new. The piano will be pre-serviced and tuned at no extra cost. The rental is for a minimum of one year. You will need to pay the delivery cost as arranged with your local dealer. You can offer to buy at any time. After three years the cost will not be more than $ POA . Rent Now Rent for $ POA  / month Le Classique The grandeur has to be experienced to be appreciated. Revel in its luxury. $28,995 Piano Information Rental Information Rental Information Le Classique The monthly rental is $ POA paid in advance. The piano will be brand new. The piano will be pre-serviced and tuned at no extra cost. The rental is for a minimum of one year. You will need to pay the delivery cost as arranged with your local dealer. You can offer to buy at any time. After three years the cost will not be more than $ POA . Rent Now Rent for $ POA  / month Concerto Majestic and Refined $26,995 Piano Information Rental Information Rental Information Concerto The monthly rental is $ POA paid in advance. The piano will be brand new. The piano will be pre-serviced and tuned at no extra cost. The rental is for a minimum of one year. You will need to pay the delivery cost as arranged with your local dealer. You can offer to buy at any time. After three years the cost will not be more than $ POA . Rent Now Rent for $ POA  / month Conservatory Series 208cm (6'10")For the true professional, just as impressive in the home as it is in concert halls around the world. $36,995 Piano Information Rental Information Rental Information Conservatory Series The monthly rental is $ POA paid in advance. The piano will be brand new. The piano will be pre-serviced and tuned at no extra cost. The rental is for a minimum of one year. You will need to pay the delivery cost as arranged with your local dealer. You can offer to buy at any time. After three years the cost will not be more than $ POA . Rent Now Rent for $ POA  / month Conservatory Series 228cm (7'6) 'Semi' Concert Grand $39,995 Piano Information Rental Information Rental Information Conservatory Series The monthly rental is $ POA paid in advance. The piano will be brand new. The piano will be pre-serviced and tuned at no extra cost. The rental is for a minimum of one year. You will need to pay the delivery cost as arranged with your local dealer. You can offer to buy at any time. After three years the cost will not be more than $ POA . Rent Now Rent for $ POA  / month Alex.Steinbach Pianos About Lifetime Warranty Upright Pianos Grand Pianos store locator Northern Territory Tasmania Victoria Western Australia New South Wales Queensland South Australia Australian Capital Territory click on your state to find a store Alex.Steinbach   