Ben Neill - Mutantrumpet Composer/Performer .social-wgt Ben Neill Home Live About News Music Video Press Writing Contact .head-wrap .flexslider sld-container Fantini Futuro Fantini Futuro is a new audio-visual performance work by Ben Neill for the mutantrumpet, his self-designed electro-acoustic instrument, countertenor, Baroque keyboards, and interactive video projections. The piece is based on the music and life of early Baroque trumpeter/composer Girolamo Fantini, who was responsible for bringing the trumpet indoors from the hunt and the battlefield to the realm of art music. The narrative depicts Fantini as a traveler through time and space, from the 17th century to the future, and reflects on the transformative power of current technology using the history of the trumpet as a metaphor. Neill joins forces with NYC early music ensemble ARTEK for this production; countertenor Ryland Angel will perform the vocal part, and the keyboards will be played by ARTEK Director Gwendolyn Toth , who is recognized as one of America’s leading performers on early keyboard instruments. The premiere will be at Roulette in Brooklyn, NY, on September 26 as part of the Interpretations series, and will also be the debut performance of Neill’s self-designed mutantrumpet version 4.0. Fantini Futuro has also been supported by the Nokia Bell Labs Experiments in Art and Technology program, where Neill is currently an Artist in Residence. Collaboration with Mimi Goese Mimi Goese and Ben Neill come from different musical worlds. Through the ’80s, Goese led Hugo Largo, a coveted New York art-rock band that helped shape the horizon of dream pop on two albums for Brian Eno’s short-lived Opal label. She later collaborated with Moby. Neill, meanwhile, was an instrumental tinkerer exploring the fertile intersection of jazz, electronic, and modern classical music. But just after the start of this century, they began collaborating on Persephone, a multimedia piece for the Brooklyn Academy of Music’s Next Wave festival. The songs swept from hovering dreamscapes full of synthesizers and smoldering songs upward, into grand beauties where Goese’s voice swept in graceful arcs above orchestral power. Summoning Kate Bush, Cocteau Twins, and the 21st-century dreams of acts like M83 and My Brightest Diamond, the songs (and their subsequent album) were magnetic. In the years since Persephone, Goese and Neill have taken a fascinating step to use data about the environment—including statistics about the Hudson River, near which they both live—as fodder for new sounds. Blue Math Label Releases Ben Neill began a new series of music releases on February 2, 2018 through his new label, Blue Math. The initial offering is a pair of trip hop/dub tracks created late last year in response to the US presidential election. Souvenir and Transition Dub both make use of sounds created from fractals by chaos mathematician Ralph Abraham along with the sonic explorations of Neill’s unique instrument and spoken word samples. Future Blue Math releases will include more new material as well as re-releases. The musical range will be quite broad, reflecting the diverse musical interests and projects that Neill has developed over a 35-year career as a composer/performer. ' .widget-block La Monte Young Performances Since 2014 Ben Neill and Marco Blaauw have been leading a new series of performances of The Melodic Version of The Second Dream of the High Tension Line Stepdown Transformer (1984) by La Monte Young. Performed by an international ensemble of 8 trumpets, the concerts take place in a light environment created by Marian Zazeela. More performances are planned in Amsterdam and other European cities for 2017. Neill began working with Young in 1984 as a student of composition and Indian classical music after being introduced by Jon Hassell. He assisted Young with the development of The Melodic Version of The Second Dream , and led many performances of the piece as well as other works by Young throughout the 1980’s and 90’s. "Pure Resonance", Neill’s essay on The Melodic Version , was published in Sound and Light, a book on Young and Zazeela published in 1996 by Bucknell University Press, and is included with the extensive program notes for the current concerts. Neill also presented Young’s Forever Bad Blues Band at The Kitchen in New York City, where he was Music Curator from 1992-99. Washington Post article on 1985 concert New York Times review of 2015 concert Le Monde review of 2015 Paris concerts Blog review of Huddersfield UK concert – discusses Neill’s essay on Young Ben Neill and the Mutantrumpet Ben Neill demonstrates the mutantrumpet. The mutantrumpet is a hybrid electro-acoustic instrument designed by Ben Neill, which he began developing in the early 1980s. Initially an acoustic instrument (a combination of 3 trumpets and a trombone combined into one), he integrated the instrument with electronics in collaboration with synthesizer inventor Robert Moog. In 1992, while in residency at the STEIM research and development lab for new instruments in Amsterdam, Neill made the mutantrumpet fully computer interactive. In 2008 he created a new version of his instrument at STEIM, and returned there in 2014 to design yet another version which will be completed in 2018. Horizonal Album Ben Neill's album Horizonal is out now on Vienna based Audiokult Recordings. Read more about the album here. Buy here on iTunes Buy here on Beatport Audiokult on Facebook .widget-block The Demo with Mikel Rouse The Demo is an electronic opera by Mikel Rouse and Ben Neill. The piece is inspired by the remarkable story of computer pioneer Douglas Engelbart’s prophetic vision of a world interconnected through personal computers. His 1968 demo rolled out virtually all that would define modern computing including videoconferencing, text editing, and something called a "mouse." Using emerging digital technologies to explore live performance with interactive media and original music, The Demo reveals the origin of computing and the internet as a unique hybrid performance event. The world premiere of The Demo was April 1-2, 2015 at the Bing Concert Hall as part of the Stanford Live series. Press for the world premiere performances can be viewed here. A review of the March 2016 performance at the University of Kansas Lied Center can be viewed here. .inner-wrap .wrap #main-content widget-block .wrap #page [if (gte IE 6)&(lte IE 8)]> <script type="text/javascript" src="http://www.benneill.com/wp-content/themes/wp_stereo5-v1.8/panel/scripts/selectivizr-min.js"></script> <![endif] 