Antonio Forcione - multi-award winning acoustic guitarist composer | Home Login Area Login:      [ remind me ] Sign up for special features > Remember my details [ ? ] End Login Area                AddThis Button BEGIN AddThis Button END End headRight End header Home Concerts Profile Profile About Sketches of Africa Celebrity Testimonials Biografia in Italiano Spanish Biography Projects Antonio Forcione SOLO Antonio Forcione TRIO Antonio Forcione Quartet Forcione - Adewale Duo AKA Trio Forcione - Sarah Jane Morris Discography / Shop Reviews Media Videos Sheet Music About Artwork Artwork Shop Recording Gallery Africa Gallery Solo Gallery Solo Live Gallery AKA Trio Gallery Duo Gallery Guestbook Contact Member Member Area Account Basket | Menu | End Menu Area Banner Variations Artwork Prints and Cards Artwork Prints and Cards Artwork Shop Now Open Read More >> End stouter End Banner Variations Page Content Here Welcome to the official website for Antonio Forcione Knowledge speaks     wisdom listens    music does something else New Album 'Joy' out now I am excited to announce the launch of my new album with The AKA Trio. Click here to preview and purchase the album . Acoustic Interview - Spring 2016 Check out  Antonio's recent 6 page inverview with Guitarist ACOUSTIC magazine on the reviews page . Antonio discusses his latest projects and forthcoming releases. Signed copies of Antonios CD and vinyl albums are available to purchase from the website online shop. Click here to view the discography and buy signed albums. If you would like to leave a message for Antonio, please feel free to use the website guestbook. Click here to visit the guestbook , leave a message or read other peoples comments. Videos Stay Forever Jazz FM with Sarah Jane Morris Antonio Forcione & Sarah Jane Morris in session Antonio Forcione and Sarah Jane Morris making an UNREAL acoustic sound in the studio today.. Posted by Jazz FM on Saturday, 22 October 2016 New video with Sarah Jane Morris Antonio Forcione talks about Paco De Lucia More Videos > Recent Reviews A slick and impressive show British Theatre Guide Album of the month (Nov 2012) Guitar Techniques Magazine One of the great acoustic guitarists The Guardian Unmissable! The Scotsman Passion, Grace and Fire The Times A beautiful touch Sir Paul McCartney More Reviews > Become a Member Sign up to become a member, join mailing list and receive free bonus material. Click here for bonus material > Antonio is endorsed by Yamaha Yamaha musical instruments > Antonio Forcione Bookings: bookings@antonioforcione.com Juliet Sharman Matthews Juliet@jpsm-music.co.uk Italy : A.T.E.R. Daniela Barbieri 0039 (0)59 340221 daniela.barbieri@ater.emr.it End Page Content ©2019 Antastic Ltd Membership | Contact | Cookies | Privacy website by Modern Websites End footer End Outer 