Elliott Randall | Steely Dan\'s Premier Guitarist Elliott Randall Skip to content Home About CDs Teaching Images Blog Contact Search for: #branding Featured Elliott Randall CDs Virtual Memory I've been wanting to do this for many years - good friends, diverse styles ...a "trip" from beginning to end. Buy Now HeartStrings HeartStrings is just me, just guitars—acoustic and electric in various configurations. Buy Now Randall's Island We get more email requests for this collector's item than you can shake a Fender Stratocaster at! Buy Now Headlines ~ Norwegian “Would You” .entry-header I’ve recently had the pleasure of producing a very talented singer-songwriter from Norway. In 2018 I found myself revisiting Fredrikstad – a beautiful part of Norway – cobbled streets, wooden buildings, warm hospitality, and a great state-of-the-art recording… .entry-content Read On #post-3707 The Guitarist Columns .entry-header In late 2015, I was asked by Guitarist Magazine to pen a monthly column for their publication. The remit was simply “write about whatever strikes your fancy”. My kind of assignment! I continue to pen these  (type them, really), and my arrangement with… .entry-content Read On #post-3677 Farewell, Walter .entry-header In the late ’60s, I had the wonderful job as Musical Director for Jay & The Americans for a short while. Walter Becker and Donald Fagen were members of the backing band. Their world, apart from being gigging musicians, was about composing music in a style that many… .entry-content Read On #post-3624 Thank you, Mr Page .entry-header Jimmy and I first met in Lima Ohio, back in ”67, while he was touring with The Yardbirds and I was teaching and performing locally. We hit it off, and experienced copious laughter and grooves. A really cool bloke… (and thanks for the… .entry-content Read On #post-3600 Le Generation Blues .entry-header Here’s the story – Dillon’s father Robbie and I have been friends for over 40 years. But being an ocean apart for eons, I didn’t get to experience Dillon’s growth first hand. We began as Facebook friends, liking some of each others’ posts and doing a bit of online… .entry-content Read On #post-3487 Loyalties .entry-header Dear Reader, Below is a “short-list” of the various companies whose products I use and endorse. The manufacturers are responsive and reliable. These are brands I trust. Enjoy the… .entry-content Read On #post-2684 “God Bless The Child” .entry-header I’m very pleased to present this one – featuring Blue Lou Marini and John Tropea. Two of my best buddies, musical collaborators, and giants in their own right. Have a click, enjoy the short piece of musical magic, and leave a comment if you’re so inclined. Sharing our… .entry-content Read On #post-2968 A Tale Of Two Pedal Boards .entry-header Well, maybe three. I’m still putting one together “from scratch” – but more about that further down the page. In The Beginning… Roland’s sub-brand “Boss” pretty much had the market sewn up. As a consultant to Roland at the time, I was one of the first to enjoy it…. .entry-content Read On #post-2821 Healin’ Feelin’ .entry-header What a great pleasure, to discover that some of the music I make does “what it’s supposed to do”. As many of you will be aware, I had a totally successful series of cancer treatments at the end of last year. I was ever so grateful to the team that attended to me,… .entry-content Read On #post-1806 BBC Radio Tees Interview .entry-header I was invited to spend an hour with ace BBC DJ John Foster to play some music and chat on his Friday afternoon show. It turned out to be a most delightful time. Check it out… You have 2 listening options. You can immediately stream or download the mp3 of the… .entry-content Read On #post-1723 “VIRTUAL MEMORY” ~ My Latest CD Is Available Here .entry-header Marking the 50th anniversary of my “life in the music business”, it gives me great pleasure to announce that my latest CD album is now available!   And did I mention it’s downright eclectic? Yes, it is. As you know, I’m enamoured of so many… .entry-content Read On #post-1615 Pat Benetar – Original “Heartbreaker” Unearthed .entry-header It’s always a thrill to hear a piece of my musical history …that I’ve not heard in decades. Ron Dante, one of the seminal record producers of our generation has just sent me the very original recording we made for Pat Benetar – “Heartbreaker” (version one) at Media… .entry-content Read On #post-1262 #content #primary Listen To the music On Bandcamp Connect With the artist On Twitter On YouTube On Facebook On LinkedIn Article Categories Archive Blog Features Gear & Tech Humor Interviews Music Updates Teaching Sign Up For the mailing list E-mail address: #secondary .widget-area #main Navigate Home About CDs Teaching Images Blog Contact Respected artists and friends Adrian Belew Paul Brady Steve Gadd Larry Harlow Al Kooper Harvey Mandel Laura Nyro John Tropea Paul Fleisher Bo Diddley Sha Na Na Asia Chuck Rainey Rob Mounsey Bobby Cochran Laurel Massé Brian Slawson Steve Bassett Steve Conn The SNL Band Loudon Wainwright III Mick Abrahams Murray Weinstock Time Electronics Fred's Music Darrell Nutt Rob Whyte FX Rental UK Wyres Strings NuMuBu Network More Links Connect On Twitter On Facebook On LinkedIn On YouTube © Copyright 2019 Elliott Randall Back to Top Privacy Policy Sitemap #colophon #page Grab Google CDN's jQuery. Fall back to local if necessary ngg_resource_manager_marker 