Musicians Helping Other Musicians Skip to content #menu-toggle Musicians Helping Other Musicians .site-title-wrapper Welcome! About Us Information & Education Instrument Repair Drum Shop East Texas Jazz Orchestra Contact Us FAQ Links Gallery #site-navigation .social-menu #masthead Beginning School Band Our philosophy is dedicated to the support of music education, and we want this to be a great, and affordable, experience for parents and students.  We strive to make society better, one musician at a time. Many parents know very little about what school band is all about. Click here for our guide of what school band, and each instrument, is all about. Learn More Instrument Repair American Band Instruments is a full service repair and restoration shop. We have several professional technicians at your beck and call. We treat your instrument with loving care and deliver it back to you ready for performance. We can handle any repair problems you may have with your instrument. If it is necessary for you to ship your instrument to us, you pay for the shipping, usually through UPS. In each case, no work will begin until you have been contacted and given a firm price and then given us permission to proceed. Learn More Teaching   We have direct contact with instrument teachers for beginner, intermediate, and advanced students. These teachers have their studios here in our American Band Instrument Service Music Education Center.  All teachers work independently for appointment and payment.   Click here for a list of our teacher contacts Call 903-593-3195 Easy Rental Purchase for Beginning band students: $80.00 for the first two months Purchase at great discounts We do it for the future of music! .page-content #post-## #main #primary #content Follow Us 1 day ago The Pride of the Dakotas Marching Band This is Neil Armstrong, the first human to set foot on the moon. This is Neil Armstrong in his Purdue University Marching Band uniform. Neil was an engineering major and played baritone. With at least 15 engineering majors in the Pride of the Dakotas this year, who knows? Perhaps someday there will be a Jackrabbit - and Pride member - in space! If a person who went to the moon had time to play in the band you do too. Be like Neil - join your college marching band. #Pride129 ... See more View on facebook 2 days ago Julie Neil Armstrong, first man to walk on the moon. Pilot. Astronaut. Naval aviator. Test pilot. University professor. And...... Euphonium player. Let that sink in. A euphonium player was the first man to walk on the moon. My emotions are... verklempt. Thank you Oliver Middle School for reminding me. Lemme go old school for a sec and say: That right there is the picture of a man! ... See more View on facebook 3 days ago Study: Memories of music cannot be lost to Alzheimer's and dementia The part of your brain responsible for ASMR catalogs music, and appears to be a stronghold against Alzheimer's and dementia. View on facebook 4 days ago Cover Band Central View on facebook 4 days ago Nathan #middleschooldirectorprolems #truerwordshaveneverbeensaid View on facebook 5 days ago Cristiano Rizzotto On YouTube ➝ http://goo.gl/Yk681 View on facebook 1 week ago Musicians Unite Oh so true...... 😉 View on facebook 1 week ago Bob Moher - Clean Comedian Author unknown. Found at: Musical Humour View on facebook 2 weeks ago ETJO Almost Like Being In Love July 6, 2019 This is Linda Holly singing Almost Like Being in Love with the East Texas Jazz Orchestra. Very pleased with the performance of the band at Moore’s Store Saturday night July 6th. Great audience and the band sounded wonderful. ... See more This is a video of Linda Holly and the East Texas Jazz Orchestra performing at Moore’s Store in Ben Wheeler, Texas on July 6, 2019. The name of the song is A... View on facebook 2 weeks ago ACOUSTIX View on facebook « ‹ 1 of 2 › » Contact Us Phone 903-593-3195 Address 124 Shelley Drive Tyler, Texas 75701 .site-footer-inner #colophon Welcome! About Us Information & Education Instrument Repair Drum Shop East Texas Jazz Orchestra Contact Us FAQ Links Gallery .footer-menu Copyright © 2019 — Escapade WordPress theme by GoDaddy .site-info-inner .site-info .site-info-wrapper #page 