Blues Rockers | Music is My Time Machine Google Analytics start Google Analytics end Home About Us Blog Walter Trout and the Radicals The Hamsters – Hamster Jam Privacy Contact Us Home About Us Blog Walter Trout and the Radicals The Hamsters – Hamster Jam Privacy Contact Us Blues Rockers | Music is My Time Machine 7 home,page-template,page-template-full_width,page-template-full_width-php,page,page-id-7,ajax_fade,page_not_loaded,,qode-title-hidden,qode_grid_1300,side_area_uncovered_from_content,footer_responsive_adv,qode-theme-ver-14.3,qode-theme-bridge,disabled_footer_top,wpb-js-composer js-comp-ver-5.4.7,vc_responsive Blues Rockers Our Music Genres At Blue Rockers, we are into the blues genre. We believe that the blues music scales have influenced various other genres. Albums We have sold a lot of copies of our albums, and most of them are influenced by the music of the African-Americans Rock We also believe in mixing up a little bit of rock music with our genre to spice things up a little. Jazz Our band also plays Jazz music which is also originated from the African-American communities. Solo Day Our solo days are something which shouldn’t be missed if you happen to be a jazz lover. Read more Friday Night Fill your Friday nights with some fun and classic jazz music. Read more Saturday Evening We also put up shows on Saturday evening. So make sure you come and listen to our band play and turn your weekend into a glorious one. Read more 82 % Classical 94 % Instrumentals 35 % Electronic 63 % Pop The Best Party Band We are known to be one of the best Jazz party bands out there, and you can stay in touch with us if you want us to play at your parties. Read More Our Blog Best Wedding Planners In The World A perfect wedding requires organisation, details and logistics. An event planner can take up this mammoth task of transforming your wedding day into something magical and that too by staying within your budget. A ... 18 June, 2019 Wedding Planners Things you didn’t know about the Blues Do you think that you know blues? You might be tricking yourself because here is the collection of great things you don’t know about the blues. It’s impossible to be perfectly in Tune with Blues It is due to the f... 11 July, 2017 Learning Blues How can you master the Blues? If you want to become a rock star, learning and mastering the blues is most important for you. Blue is something that puts expressions in your guitar and you can feel the shiver and scream while playing. There are... 14 July, 2017 Learning Blues Tolo Marton and Lostiguana – Dal Vero Most every country has one and there is often disagreement on who it is. No, I am not referring to the most corrupt leader of any given nation, but rather to its national guitar hero. Like debating a favorite spor... 19 July, 2017 Music Jonathan J. Elliott Bettye L. Delvalle Jesse J. Watson Barbara W. Bridges Contact us 2838 Lucy Lane Evansville, IN 47708 812-465-7877 info@bluesrockers.ws Categories Categories Select Category Learning Blues Music Wedding Planners Links Home About Us Recent Posts Best Wedding Planners In The World What will the top rap genres be for 2018? We find out what’s hot? Jay Hooks Tolo Marton and Lostiguana – Dal Vero How can you master the Blues? Recent News Copyright 2016 ® bluesrockers.ws | All Rights Reserved. 