#RingDetroit - Detroit Handbell Ensemble Home News & Notes Album Events Give Contact Music for the Motor City More than a quarter century in Detroit. Find a Concert Bronze & Beauty We are ambassadors for the art of handbell music. Support Our Mission #RingDetroit We are the Detroit Handbell Ensemble Learn More Coming Events Dec. 7, 2019 4:00 PM #RingDetroit Holiday Concert Ann Arbor Dec. 8, 2019 4:00 PM #RingDetroit Holiday Concert Livonia Dec. 14, 2019 4:00 PM #RingDetroit Holiday Concert Ann Arbor My Account Username Password Remember Me Log in Create an account Forgot your username? Forgot your password? Detroit Handbell Ensemble to Open 2018 National Seminar Tuesday, February 27, 2018 "I'm very excited to perform the opening concert for the 2018 Handbell Musicians of America National Seminar," says Detroit Handbell Ensemble musician Nancy Kindraka. The group will take the stage at DeVos Place Convention Center in Grand Rapids at 1 p.m. on July 18. General admission tickets are available now and seminar registrants may attend using their event credentials It is a prestigious invitation to perform at the multi-day conference, whose purpose is to present educational sessions and concerts to elevate the art of handbell ringing. Read More... Brenda E. Austin Appointed Artistic Director Thursday, September 15, 2016 The Detroit Handbell Ensemble is thrilled to introduce our new Artistic Director, Brenda Austin! A native of southwest Michigan, Austin has served as director of worship and music at First United Methodist Church in Eaton Rapids since 2003. She brings more than two decades of music teaching experience to the Detroit Handbell Ensemble. Read More... Our Sponsors Rob Meyer-Kukan, LMT Healthy Musician Institute robmeyerkukan.com forzandoArts Handbell recordings, sheet music, and more. forzando.art Thrive Legal, PLLC Noel French, founding attorney, is ready to serve your legal needs. thrivelegal.com #RingDetroit in Action Campanae Celebrare Presenting our recordings of the finest music for handbells and handchimes. Buy Album MAKE THE MAGIC We want energetic and talented musicians like you to join our ensemble! Sign Me Up Navigate Home News & Notes Album Events Give Contact #RingDetroit Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube Tumblr Official Gallery About Us Detroit Handbell Ensemble is an ambassador for the art of ringing and performing with musical excellence. We are dedicated to demonstrating the value of handbell music in schools, churches, and communities. Support Our Mission Please become a patron or sponsor to help share our musical art with the Motor City and beyond. Donate Copyright © 2019 Detroit Handbell Ensemble Powered by forzandoArts 