ALMA PROJECT 24/7 - Entertainment body start html embeds start body start html embeds end ALMA PROJECT 24/7 ENTERTAINMENT Entertainment Lighting Recording Studio Contacts Staff Area More From 2001 at your service for Private and Corporate Events © 2018 by  24/7 S.r.l. - Ponte Vecchio 2 - 50125 Firenze - Partita IVA / CF :  06594970482 Interested in hiring us for one of your special events?  Contact us.   Not only Entertainment Live Music, Dj Services, Live Cover Bands, Audio and Lighting Systems, Backline rental and full technical assistance 24/7.  Video Projections, Initials and Logos projection, Stages, Dancefloors, Bulbs, Fairy lights, and every related service providing the best solutions for your Event.  CLASSICAL MUSIC ​ String Quartet , Guitars , Harp, Violin, Flute services, Piano Players, and many other services for Ceremonies, Cocktails, Dinner events and Concerts for your Wedding, Private or Corporate Event. ​ Discover the beauty and the elegance of Classical musicians performing Classic and Modern Music to entertain you!  JAZZ MUSIC ​   From New Orleans to your place, the Story of Jazz performed by professional musicians: Sax, Jazz Singers, Piano Players, Double Bass, Drums, Trumpet, Dixie Bands  for your Cocktail and Dinner Events and why not, also for special Ceremonies and Serenades. COVER BANDS   Local and International Cover Bands for your Events: from Jazz to 70/80/90 Repertoires, followed by our Deejay Services, the real live touch to fill the dancefloor and start dancing! Also available reduced setup for Cocktails and Dinners.  ​ ITALIAN MUSIC ​ ​ Our Traditional and Folk music: Opera Songs, Neapolitan music and all the Classics performed by our Tenors, Sopranos , Guitar Players, Accordion, Mandolin players ,   String Quartet and more: for BBQs, Rehearsal Dinners, Concerts and more! ​ Click Here for a Sample Video THE BRILLIANT DJ SHOW!   An Unique Show based on our Professional Deejay Service: adding Sax, Drummers, Electric Violin and Trumpet, the most stunning live band performance for your Party without any Repertoire limit!   Click here for the Show Video Promo! OTHER ACTS & SPECIALS ​ What else? Fireshows, Medieval Soldiers, Flag Throwers, Led shows, Three Tenors, Bollywood Dancers, Arabian and Belly dancers, Video Mapping, Baloon Shows, and many other Special Entertainments, for you. ​ The Flag Throwers Show Video Here!  STAGES & DANCEFLOORS ​ ​ Customized Productions for your Event and Venue: Professional Stages and Dancefloor with Carpeting, PVC covers, or special wooden productions for Parties, Corporate Events, Ceremonies.  ​ ​ RECORDING STUDIO ​   Our Dream Factory, in the very heart of Chianti. Not only Recording: Video Productions, Photo Shootings, Digital Distribution, Mobile Studio for Concerts and Events. Songwiting and Talent Scouting. LIGHTING    Enhance, exalt, valorize. And increase the safety of every venue with our professional lighting systems. This is our Mission. Architectural lighting, Gardens, Party Lighting, Dinner and Buffets lighting.  DESIGN & RENDERING ​ ​ Preview every detail of your project thanks to our Team of Architects, Light Engineers and Graphic Designers, providing realistic virtualizations and animated renderings.  BACKLINE & RIDERS   ​ ​ Are you hiring a Band or a Deejay and they need some equipment?  Our Team will be at your service to provide and manage locally every Technical Rider, Audio System, Backline requirement.  EVENTS MANAGEMENT ​ Are you dealing with too many third party vendors and need to coordinate them? Or just need some advice on local companies for your Event? We might be able to help. TESTIMONIALS ​ " The entertainment was fantastic. [...] we absolutely loved the DJ and sax player! They kept the party alive until the very end so much so that people did not want to leave. The fire dancers were so fun to watch as well. Everyone is still talking about their performance - i can’t wait to see all the pictures. The cake presentation and cutting was one of my favorite parts of the night. For a moment, i felt like time just stopped and it was just R and I. Loved the additional lighting that was added here to make it so special " 170826 - CdV - RL  ​ ​ "We are now back in Singapore and want to thank you for your amazing music and lights arrangements for our wedding, and for all your help throughout the process! Everything was absolutely perfect, and we cant thank you enough! We really enjoyed working with you and we are so happy how everything was on our wedding day. Thanks again for everything, A&M" 170805 - VC - A&M No Footer body end html embeds start body end html embeds end 