 Elderly Instruments – ElderlyInstruments Google Tag Manager (noscript) End Google Tag Manager (noscript) Skip to content Search Recent Arrivals All Categories Vintage & Used AS-IS Sale Items Gift Cards Vintage Used Vault AS-IS Sell Trade or Consign The Repair Shop Collectible Ephemera Instruments Acoustic Guitars Acoustic-Electric Guitars Electric Guitars Basses Ukuleles Banjos Mandolin Family Violin Family Harmonicas Other Left-Handed Instruments Sales Electronics Amps & Pickups Effects & Signal Processors Microphones Cables Vacuum Tubes Electronic Tuners Power Supplies Recording Equipment Other Sales Accessories Strings Capos Stands Picks Cables Cases & Gigbags Tuning Devices Instrument Parts Gift Cards More Media Audio CDs Books & Downloads Video DVD's & Downloads Magazines & Periodicals About Our Story Sales Events The Repair Shop Blog - All Strings Considered Lessons Store Policies Sell Trade or Consign Gift Cards Subscribe to Our Mailing List Contact Us Account Cart Your cart is empty Free Shipping on most Orders Over $75 Recent Arrivals All Categories Vintage & Used AS-IS Sale Items Gift Cards Vintage Used Vault AS-IS Sell Trade or Consign The Repair Shop Collectible Ephemera Instruments Acoustic Guitars Acoustic-Electric Guitars Electric Guitars Basses Ukuleles Banjos Mandolin Family Violin Family Harmonicas Other Left-Handed Instruments Sales Electronics Amps & Pickups Effects & Signal Processors Microphones Cables Vacuum Tubes Electronic Tuners Power Supplies Recording Equipment Other Sales Accessories Strings Capos Stands Picks Cables Cases & Gigbags Tuning Devices Instrument Parts Gift Cards More Media Audio CDs Books & Downloads Video DVD's & Downloads Magazines & Periodicals About Our Story Sales Events The Repair Shop Blog - All Strings Considered Lessons Store Policies Sell Trade or Consign Gift Cards Subscribe to Our Mailing List Contact Us Contact Us Account Cart ( 0 ) Created with Shogun. Instruments You Love Service You Can Trust Family Owned Since 1972. Founded in 1972, Elderly Instruments started as a small store with a handful of instruments. Over 40 years later, we’ve grown into one of the world’s most respected sellers of new, used, and vintage fretted instruments. While we’ve grown, we’re committed to preserving our family-owned spirit. Our staff of experienced musicians is trained to give you personalized customer service you can trust. New, Used & Vintage Instruments Whether you play indie rock, bluegrass, modern folk, classic country, or almost anything else, we can help you find something that fits your style and budget. ELECTRIC ACOUSTIC VINTAGE ACCESSORIES Ben Harper Elderly Instruments is an American musical institution steeped in tradition, with an ear to the future. I've always felt fortunate that a musical environment like Elderly exists in the world, and I am proud to be associated with them in every way. Thanks Stan! Old Name. New Gear. Whether you’re looking for the latest models, quality used instruments, or collectable vintage items, keep an eye out on our Recent Arrivals feed to see what’s new at Elderly. RECENT ARRIVALS The Elderly Instruments Difference We believe that each instrument should be performing at its best from the moment you grab it off the rack or it arrives at your door. Nearly every instrument we sell is thoroughly inspected and expertly set up, free of charge, by our team of experienced luthiers. Learn More Quality Assured Expert Set Up Knowledgeable Staff Dependable Shipping The Acoustic Shop Whether you’re a budding singer/songwriter, a folk scene veteran, or a parking lot picker, you’ll find something to love in our vast selection of acoustic instruments. ALL ACOUSTICS ACOUSTIC GUITARS BANJOS MANDOLINS UKULELES Jen Cass "Going to Elderly is like walking into a dream. It is an amazing wonderland of rare, vintage and new instruments of every kind, staffed by the most knowledgeable force of music lovers ever assembled. Go there. Bring your wallet. Enjoy! The Electric Shop From heavy metal to blues, we’ve got the gear to keep you rockin’. Killer guitars, versatile amps, must-have pedals — everything you need to dial in the tones you’re looking for. ELECTRIC GUITARS SOLID BODY HOLLOW BODY BASSES AMPS & ACCESSORIES Explore Elderly.com Sold out Sold out Sold out Main menu Recent Arrivals Vintage Instruments Electronics Accessories Media About Contact Us Our Story Founded in 1972, Elderly Instruments started as a small store with a handful of instruments. Over 40 years later, we’ve grown into one of the world’s most respected sellers of new, used, and vintage fretted instruments.  Click here to learn more Click here to sign up for our mailing list! Search Elderly.com Search © ElderlyInstruments American Express Apple Pay Discover Google Pay JCB Mastercard PayPal Shopify Pay Venmo Visa begin-bc-sf-filter-js Include Resources Initialize App Initialize & Customize Filter Initialize & Customize Search end-bc-sf-filter-js start-bc-al-init end-bc-al-init 