The Connecticut Gay Men's Chorus htmlhint attr-no-duplication:false htmlhint spec-char-escape:false htmlhint spec-char-escape:false Home BingoMania! Gallery Advertise Sponsor BingoMania! Sponsor Concerts Contact Us htmlhint attr-no-duplication:false htmlhint spec-char-escape:false htmlhint spec-char-escape:false Interested in joining the CTGMC? We’re holding auditions for our 35th Season on Tuesday, August 27 and Tuesday, September 3 at 7:30 pm. We welcome male singers over age 18 and of all orientations. Click below for more information and to be notified about the audition schedule. JOIN US! htmlhint attr-no-duplication:false htmlhint spec-char-escape:false htmlhint spec-char-escape:false WE’LL BE ANNOUNCING THE SCHEDULE FOR OUR 35TH ANNIVERSARY SEASON VERY SOON! htmlhint spec-char-escape:false htmlhint spec-char-escape:false In the meantime, check us out at our summer events all around Connecticut: htmlhint spec-char-escape:false htmlhint spec-char-escape:false htmlhint spec-char-escape:false htmlhint spec-char-escape:false CTGMC Summer Schedule 2019 htmlhint spec-char-escape:false htmlhint spec-char-escape:false CTGMC FACEBOOK htmlhint attr-no-duplication:false htmlhint spec-char-escape:false htmlhint spec-char-escape:false Founded in 1986, the Connecticut Gay Men’s Chorus was the first organization of its kind in the state and a proud member of the LGBT choral movement—helping galvanize and change the course of LGBT history. The chorus continues to inspire other arts-based community organizations around New England. Under the leadership of Artistic Director Greg McMahan, the CTGMC has in recent seasons established a heightened level of performance standards receiving audience and critical acclaim, increased its profile, and broadened its impact and reputation in the community while maintaining its signature blend of humor, personality and thrilling performances. htmlhint attr-no-duplication:false htmlhint spec-char-escape:false htmlhint spec-char-escape:false htmlhint spec-char-escape:false htmlhint spec-char-escape:false The CTGMC performs at, as well as supports, an ever-increasing number of community outreach organizations to raise funds and awareness of a variety of social and LGBT programs. htmlhint spec-char-escape:false htmlhint spec-char-escape:false We aim to portray the very best of the gay community in an authentic way. And, to further our mission of building bridges between the gay community and the community at large, we now welcome men of all orientations to join us in song and fellowship.   Thanks to our successful monthly fundraiser Bingomania and our family of donors and sponsors, we are not only committed to keeping our ticket prices affordable, but we are able to set aside 10% of our tickets to offer to LGBT youth, AIDS outreach, and other social outreach programs at no cost. htmlhint spec-char-escape:false htmlhint spec-char-escape:false htmlhint attr-no-duplication:false htmlhint spec-char-escape:false htmlhint spec-char-escape:false The CTGMC is unique in that we are both a choral arts organization and a social change agent. htmlhint spec-char-escape:false htmlhint spec-char-escape:false htmlhint spec-char-escape:false htmlhint spec-char-escape:false For more than 30 years, the Connecticut Gay Men’s Chorus is proud to have been a standard bearer for a powerful and accomplished mix of performance, community activism, empowerment and inclusiveness, establishing it as an icon among Connecticut’s LGBT organizations.  htmlhint spec-char-escape:false htmlhint spec-char-escape:false htmlhint spec-char-escape:false htmlhint spec-char-escape:false DONATE htmlhint attr-no-duplication:false htmlhint spec-char-escape:false htmlhint spec-char-escape:false  “The enthusiasm, joy, body language and songs’ messages filled the auditorium and was contagious for everyone. Thank you, thank you— never stop performing!” "Once again these hard working men put together a terrific concert. Their performance is always first rate and yesterday was not any different. I recognize so many of these handsome faces; this is my 27th year. Well done, gentlemen." “Fantastic Show!!!! The guys did an incredible job and I can’t wait for the next show!”  “What a great show! We loved it. Very talented group with perfect harmonies.” htmlhint attr-no-duplication:false htmlhint spec-char-escape:false htmlhint spec-char-escape:false Interested in joining the chorus? htmlhint spec-char-escape:false htmlhint spec-char-escape:false We’d love to hear from you! htmlhint spec-char-escape:false htmlhint spec-char-escape:false Our next Open House and auditions for prospective new members will be held on Tuesday, August 27 and Tuesday, September 3 at 7:30 at our rehearsal space in New Haven. We welcome male singers over age 18 and of all orientations. Previous choral and/or theatre experience is preferred but not necessary—all we ask is your commitment to attend Tuesday rehearsals and that you enjoy the experience and camaraderie. Please prepare a song that showcases your talent; a pianist will be provided. For more information and to be notified regarding the audition schedule, contact our Membership Chairman below. htmlhint spec-char-escape:false htmlhint spec-char-escape:false JOIN US! htmlhint attr-no-duplication:false htmlhint spec-char-escape:false htmlhint spec-char-escape:false The Connecticut Gay Men's Chorus Reach out info@ctgmc.org 203.777.2923 Location New Haven , CT US Tweets by CTGayMensChorus Web Design by B12 This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best browsing experience.  I agree 