home - The Crooked Jades Skip to content The Crooked Jades Bluegrass Band Bios Videos Upcoming Shows News Booking Press Kit Praise Shop Contact us Cart Main Content “Chords in unexpected places, out of this world harmonies, and some of the most powerfully-arranged material I’ve ever encountered.” –Bluegrass Unlimited New Album Releases November 12, 2018 Empathy Moves the Water Across the wide seas, distant mountains, and the vast complexity of the soul, The Crooked Jades new release “Empathy Moves The Water” emphasizes the lonesome in “High Lonesome” music. The band’s old-time roots reflect the cultural melange and longing implicit in the shadows of America – from haunting ballads punctuated by hypnotic fiddles that express digital isolation and humanity lost in a rapidly changing land, to the high energy revival songs inspired by early rural gospel blues. Reaffirming their reputation as an innovative old-time string band closer in spirit to Tom Waits and Nick Cave, The Crooked Jades create a unique and soulful modern sound by exploring the roots of Americana and interweaving the diverse musical influences of Europe and Africa. Learn More Previous Albums Bright Land Jade Note Music CJ009, ©2012 Shining Darkness Jade Note Music CJ008, ©2008 World’s on Fire (on soundtrack for Sean Penn’s 2007 film, Into the Wild) Jade Note CJ206, ©2006 About the Band The Crooked Jades are on a mission to reimagine old-world music for a modern age, pushing boundaries and blurring categories with their fiery, soulful performances. Innovative, unpredictable and passionate, they bring their driving dance tunes and haunting ballads to rock clubs, festivals, traditional folk venues and concert halls across America and Europe. The Crooked Jades Upcoming Shows Crooked Jades Trio open for HOWE GELB (Giant Sand) Monday, June 3, 2019. 7pm Make-Out Room 3225 22nd St.@ Mission San Francisco, CA 94110 Tickets $12 … [Read More...] about Crooked Jades Trio open for HOWE GELB (Giant Sand) News The Crooked Jades are currently working their music alchemy in the studio making progress on their 9th album, projected for an early spring 2018 release. The band’s following … [Read More...] about The Crooked Jades are currently working their music alchemy in the studio Booking The Crooked Jades are available in multiple configurations for any event!   Learn More     Copyright © 2019 · The Crooked Jades 