Delta Blues Museum - The Delta Blues Museum is the state’s oldest music museum. The Museum is 40! We are so excited the Delta Blues Museum is 40 years old! Not only does the Museum reflect Blues History through exhibits, events and education - we also have a full history of our own. So, throughout the year when you happen to be in town, whether it be just a quick visit, or for local events, be sure to add the Museum as a stop during your travels. In January, we installed a number of new exhibits - we can't wait for you to indulge your Blues! Monday Night Movies at the Museum The Delta Blues Museum will be hosting Monday Night Movies at the Museum at 8:06pm on July 29th for "O Brother, Where Art Thou?" . Movies at the Stage are always a fun event! Can't wait to see you there! Be sure to check our events page for more details and other upcoming festivals and events. MUSEUM SPECIAL HOURS The Museum will be OPEN from 12:00pm to 5:00pm on Sunday, August 11th during the the Sunflower Festival. Be sure to stop in for a cool-down and see what's new at the Museum! 31st Annual Sunflower Festival Aug 09 - 11, 2019 This years Sunflower Festival will be held in Clarksdale Friday, August 9th through Sunday, August 11th. We hope you are able to join us for this great weekend in Clarksdale! For more information please visit SunflowerFest.org DBM STUDENT BAND MEMBER LIVE PERFORMANCE Christone "Kingfish" Ingram , a DBM Student Band member and Clarksdale native performed live May 16, 2019 in Philadelphia at the 2019 NON-COMMvention. Watch the video of Christone "Kingfish" Ingram at the Ground Zero Blues Club during the 2015 Juke Joint Festival. Hosted by WXPN in Philadelphia, this event was broadcast live via video webcast, streaming from World Cafe Live in Philadelphia. And don't miss Kingfish's debut album, KINGFISH , which released on Friday, May 17th ! Purchase your copy from the Museum's Online Gift Shop or visit the Delta Blues Museum. The Delta Blues Museum is again a proud participant of the Blue Star Museum Program benefiting active duty military families. This years program began Saturday, May 18, 2019 and continues through Monday, September 02, 2019. Learn More 2019 Contributions - Keep the Blues Alive! If you missed the 2018 Charitable Contributions cut-off time, you can start planning now for 2019! The Delta Blues Museum offers numerous programs and events, not to mention the work we do within the community. Your support of the Museum is always greatly appreciated and helps to keep the blues alive! Contributions and Memberships Celebrate the Blues at the Museum! Check out the latest Blues souvenirs in the Museum Gift Shop or through our online store . NEW EXHIBIT The Museum and Malaco Records have unveiled a special summer exhibit in celebration of Malaco Music Group's 50th anniversary. Be sure to stop by the Museum and check out this latest exhibit! LABOR DAY HOLIDAY OBSERVANCE The Museum will be CLOSED on Monday, September 2nd, in observance of Labor Day. We will re-open on Tuesday, September 3rd at 9:00am. Have a happy and safe holiday! Guitar Raffle Winner! Congratulations to T. Jones! And a Special Thanks! to all who entered the raffle. Delta Blues Museum Awarded National Endowment for the Humanities Grant Delta Blues Museum is a recipient of a Public Humanities Implementation grant from the National Endowment for the Humanities (NEH), awarding $460,000 in outright funds to the Museum for implementation of its forthcoming exhibit expansion, as the Museum approaches its 40th anniversary year. The NEH award also includes funding for a two-year staff position in Public Humanities. Museum Press Release Kingfish Ingram Don Wilcock interview young Blues sensation Christone "Kingfish" Ingram for Blues Blast Magazine. Read More Rare Evening of Extraordinary Music A rare evening of extraordinary music took place over the weekend at Red’s Blues Club in Clarksdale when young guitar phenom Christon "Kingfish" Ingram and his band were joined by... Read More We Did It! On behalf of the Delta Blues Museum Board of Directors, staff, students and volunteers, I want to thank each of you who generously donated to help us meet our urgent fundraising goal. Advisory Interview: Shelley Ritter with Josephine Reed of the National Endowment for the Arts Interview between Shelley Ritter, Director of the Delta Blues Museum and Josephine Reed of the National Endowment for the Arts. Read the Transcript Send us your Sunflower Festival Experiences By adding your pictures and comments to our Sunflower Chronology page you can help us celebrate 30 years of great music and fun. Learn More Sunflower Chronology DBM's 78s RECORD COLLECTION Since our founding in 1979, the Delta Blues Museum has generously been given donations of thousands of 78s in every conceivable genre. Now, with a Preservation Grant from the Grammy Foundation, the Museum has been able to catalog and archive the 78s that belong in our Collection. We hope you enjoy our 78s Record Collection MUSEUM SPRING/SUMMER HOURS The Delta Blues Museum will observe its Spring/Summer Hours and be open Monday through Saturday 9:00am to 5:00pm . Spring/Summer Hours will be in effect through October 31, 2019. Museum Holiday Observances The Delta Blues Museum will be closed in observance of the following holidays: New Years Day, Martin Luther King Jr Day, Memorial Day, Independence Day, Labor Day , Thanksgiving Day, Christmas Eve and Christmas Day. Museum Awarded MAC Grant Delta Blues Museum has been awarded a grant from the Mississippi Arts Commission (MAC) for general operating support. This grant represents the first year of a two-year Operating Grant, made possible by continued funding from the Mississippi State Legislature and the National Endowment for the Arts. Press Release Museum Awarded Mini MAC Grant Delta Blues Museum has been awarded a mini grant from the Mississippi Arts Commission (MAC) for continuing education to allow Museum Director Shelley Ritter to attend the Southeastern Museums Conference annual meeting in September. Press Release Museum Part of Regional Investment Delta Regional Authority, State, and Local Partners Invest More Than $7.2 Million into Strengthening Mississippi Workforce, Infrastructure, and Economy. Delta Regional Authority Press Release DBM Band Featured in Documentary The Delta Blues Museum Band is featured in the documentary, From the Crossroads to the White House on Mississippi Public Broadcasting (MPB) television network. The documentary aired July 14, 2015 . Press Release DBM Band Recognized by City of Clarksdale The City of Clarksdale recognized the DBM Band for their success and win of the 2014 NAHYP Award on December 8, 2014 at the city meeting. DBM Recognized on National TV The Museum has been recognized on MSNBC's Lawrence O'Donnell show during his broadcast of the 2014 NAHYP Award Ceremony. Watch Video Delta Blues Museum Accepts 2014 National Arts & Humanities Youth Programs Award The Delta Blues Museum is proud to announce we have been awarded the 2014 NAHYP Award for our youth educational programs. The DBM Band performed at the White House and accepted the award presented by the First Lady during a ceremony on November 10, 2014. Read More Mississippi River Interpretive Center Marker Unveiling We hope you were able to join us at the museum for the unveiling of our Mississippi River Interpretive Center Marker. A reception with music by the DBM Band to followed the marker unveiling ceremony. Read More Delta Blues Museum Director Shelley Ritter Honored by The Blues Foundation The DBM family and friends are proud to announce that The Blues Foundation has chosen Museum Director Shelley Ritter as the recipient of the 2013 KBA award for her work in the Historical preservation and documentation of the Blues. We are also proud of fellow ... Read More NEW! - DBM Artist Spotlight - Little Walter In time for his May 1st birthday and continuing our celebration of what would have been John Lee Hooker's centennial year, the Delta Blues Museum pays tribute to Rock and Roll Hall of Fame harmonica legend Little Walter. Read More DBM Artist Spotlight - Johnny Winter Born in Mississippi but raised in Beaumont, Texas, Johnny Winter gained much of his fame as a guitarist with a style inspired by... Read More DBM Artist Spotlight - Charlie Musselwhite Updated - In honor of his January 31st birthday and the Delta Blues Museum's own 38th birthday, the Delta Blues Museum is proud to shine a light on the Mississippi bluesman and longtime DBM supporter known to some as "Memphis Charlie" - Kosciusko, Mississippi, native Charlie Musselwhite. Read More DBM Artist Spotlight - John Lee Hooker To celebrate his August 22nd birthday and a month of events dedicated to his legacy, the Delta Blues Museum proudly hails "The King of the Boogie" - the one, the only and Clarksdale's own, John Lee Hooker. Read More DBM Artist Spotlight - Muddy Waters To celebrate his April 4th birthday and a month of events dedicated to his legacy, the Delta Blues Museum proudly pays tribute to McKinley Morganfield - better known as the... Read More DBM Artist Spotlight - Sam Cooke Born in 1931 in Clarksdale to Annie Mae and Rev. Charles Cook, Sam was one of eight children raised in his father’s church. The family moved to Chicago in 1933, and later Sam and his singing siblings formed their first musical group, called The Singing Children, when he was... Read More Read all the DBM Artist Spotlights Our Artist Spotlights are informative articles that specifically target various Blues Artists and their careers. To see our additional Artist Spotlights Click Here Clarksdale Film Festival January 25 - 26, 2019 The 9th Annual Clarksdale Film Festival was held Friday, January 25th and Saturday, January 26th. For tickets and more information please visit: www.clarksdalefilmfestival.com Juke Joint Festival - April 11 - 14, 2019 The 16th Annual Juke Joint Festival weekend, was held in Clarksdale April 11th through April 14th. The main Festival itself was Saturday, April 13th. We hope you were able to join us for this great weekend in Clarksdale! For more information about the festival, please visit www.JukeJointFestival.com Sunflower Festival - Aug 09 - 11, 2019 This years Sunflower Festival will be held in Clarksdale Friday, August 9th through Sunday, August 11th. We hope you are able to join us for this great weekend in Clarksdale! For more information please visit SunflowerFest.org Exhibit: "Sunflower Festival" To compliment this exhibit,our website has a Sunflower Chronology dedicated to the festival. This section will link you over 25 years of the festival, since its beginning in 1988. To visit the Sunflower Festival Chronology click here . Mississippi Delta Blues and Heritage Festival - September 21, 2019 The 42nd Annual festival will be held in Greenville, MS on Saturday, September 21, 2019. For more information, please visit: www.deltabluesms.org Cruz'n the Crossroads Car & Truck Show - September 28, 2019 Will be back at the Crossroads in Clarksdale September 28th. We hope you stop by the Museum and check out our very own classics! www.facebook.com/cruznthecrossroads King Biscuit Festival - October 09 - 12, 2019 The 34th Annual King Biscuit Festival will be held in Helena, AR beginning October 9th through October 12th, 2019. For more information about the festival, please visit www.kingbiscuitfestival.com Deep Blues Festival - October 17 - 20, 2019 The 12th Annual Deep Blues Festival will be held in Clarksdale October 17th through October 20th. For more information about the festival and to purchase tickets, please visit: www.deepbluesfest.com Tennessee Williams Festival - October 17 - 19, 2019 The 27th Annual festival will be held in and around Clarksdale on October 17th through October 19th. For more information, please visit: www.coahomacc.edu or www.mshumanities.org To learn more about the festival please visit: www.deltawilliamsfestival.com Hambone Festival - October 24 - 27, 2019 This years Hambone Festival will be held October 24th through October 27th. For more info please visit: www.hambonefestival.com RIP - Denise LaSalle The Delta Blues Museum expresses their condolences to the family and friends of Denise LaSalle. The blues and soul music legend has died at age 78. Read More Podcast - The Mississippi Roots of John Lee Hooker We’ll take a look at the Mississippi John Lee Hooker, his roots and influences, the music that impacted him when he was young. John Lee Hooker’s music has an undeniable urban grit that came from his detroit surroundings, but Mississippi was at his core and you could hear it in every song he ever recorded. Listen Here Norwegian Blues Festival Delegation is Welcomed to Clarksdale Clarksdale's Sunflower River Blues Festival members welcome delegation from from the Notodden International Blues Festival. Read More Musselwhite & Rush Win Blues Music Awards The 36th Annual Blues Music Awards was held Thursday, May 07, 2015 at the Cook Convention Center in Memphis, TN. Charlie Musselwhite won the award for Harmonica Instrumentalist, and Bobby Rush won the awards for B.B. King Entertainer and Soul Blues Male Artist. Mississippi Blues The music called the blues that emerged from Mississippi has shaped the development of popular music in this country and around the world. Turn on the radio. You might pick up some rock with some tough guitar riffs – or some rap. But put on Robert Johnson’s recording of... Read More of the capitivating article by Christine Wilson. Ben Harper & Charlie Musselwhite " Get Up " Ben Harper & Charlie Musselwhite have been garnered a lot of press with their CD " Get Up ". Read More   Muddy Waters Cabin from Stovall Farms The remains of the cabin from Stovall Farms where Muddy Waters lived during his days as a sharecropper and tractor driver are displayed in the gallery. Read More   Sign Up to Receive the Museum's Newsletter "Keeping the Beat" the Delta Blues Museum's Newsletter Receive news about the museum and Clarksdale, plus be among the first to receive e-vites for special events. To Read the Latest Newsletter or catch-up on our previous newsletters Click Here Muddy Waters Guitar Made from a plank of wood from Muddy Waters' Cabin and used on tour by ZZ Top. On view at the Delta Blues Museum Custom Engraved Blues Bricks Order Yours Today! Show your support of the Delta Blues Museum by purchasing a custom engraved blues brick which will be used to complete the new Muddy Waters Addition. Learn More Download Flyer Museum Board of Trustees Meeting The Delta Blues Museum Board of Trustees will hold its next egularly scheduled meeting on Tuesday, August 13, 2019 at 6:00 p.m. in the Delta Blues Museum classroom. Sunflower River Blues Association Meeting The Sunflower River Blues Association's holds regularly scheduled meetings in the Delta Blues Museum classroom throughout each summer leading up to the next festival. John Lee Hooker: Endless Boogie Click here to see the life and times of the legendary bluesman John Lee Hooker. The Blues and the Great Migration Click here to learn how the blues grew and changed during a time of migration from the South to throughout the U.S. Follow Robert Johnson Click here to see the life and times of the legendary bluesman Robert Johnson. Explore the New World Click here to learn about Clarksdale's way of life and much more since its founding in 1839. Follow Muddy Click here to see the life and times of the legendary bluesman Muddy Waters. Follow Son House Click here to see the life and times of the legendary bluesman Son House. Follow Charlie Musselwhite Click here to see the life and times of the legendary bluesman Charlie Musselwhite. View all the Explore & Learn Programs The Museum is continuously working to make new Explore & Learn programs available to blues enthusiasts to better understand and learn more about Blues Music genre. To view our additional Explore & Learn Programs Click Here "Gone but not Forgotten" Delta Blues Museum exhibit opened July, 2014 Read More 28 Years of Sunflower Delta Blues Museum exhibit opened August, 2012 Read More Son House Retrospective Delta Blues Museum exhibit opened June, 2011 Read More Give my Poor Heart Ease Delta Blues Museum exhibit opened November, 2010 Read More Ike Turner & Rocket 88 Delta Blues Museum exhibit opened August, 2010 Read More Celebrate the Museum's 40th Year! There's always something new to see, do, and even to buy at the Museum! So be sure to come on in while you're visiting Clarksdale! Museum Hours Summer Hours (March - October) Monday - Saturday 9 AM - 5 PM Winter Hours (November - February) Monday - Saturday 10 AM - 5 PM Address 1 Blues Alley PO Box 459 Clarksdale, MS 38614 Phone 662-627-6820     For more information on the Delta Blues Museum, including exhibits, collections and driving directions, Click Here to download our brochure. Visit the Delta Blues Museum, now on Facebook Visit the Delta Blues Museum, now on Twitter Delta Blues Museum Board of Trustees Jim Herring, President Tom Jones Paul Wilson Lera Kinnard, Secretary Ralph Simpson Regular meetings of the Delta Blues Museum Board of Trustees are held the second Tuesday of every month at 6:00 p.m. in the Delta Blues Museum classroom. Gift Shopping at the Delta Blues Museum Don't forget to check out the Museum's on-line store for gifts that can be given in celebration of any occassion! We have something for everyone that loves Blues Music, the Delta, and the Museum. So stop by our Gift Shop for CD's, Posters, DVD's, Clothing and more. Available in the Gift Shop - Crossroads Souvenirs Probably the most widely known myth about the blues is the place where bluesmen supposedly sold their sold to the Devil. Get your Hwys 61/49 souvenirs today! Visit Gift Shop   The Great River Road Mississippi River Parkway Commission www.experiencemississippiriver.com The Delta Blues Museum is a partnered place with the National Trust for Historic Preservation headquartered in Washington DC. National Trust members to receive discounts when visiting the Museum. www.savingplaces.org The Delta Blues Museum will again be a proud participant of the Blue Star Museum Program benefiting active duty military families. This years program begins Saturday, May 18, 2019 and continues through Monday, September 02, 2019. Learn More The Delta Blues Museum is proud to announce their recognition as an official partner in the Year of the Creative Economy: Mississippi Homecoming . Read More 2015 Certificate of Excellence Award The Delta Blues Museum is proud to announce we have been awarded the 2015 Certificate of Excellence by TripAdvisor.com. Reviews of the Museum can be read at TripAdvisor.com Other Regional Museums We've put together a list of music museums and others outside of Clarksdale that you may want to add to your itinerary as you plan your visit to Clarksdale. See Them Now! WROX RADIO Listen to the local radio station and hear about local concerts during your stay in Clarksdale. www.wroxradio.com NorthStar News & Analysis - The Voice of Today's Black Man www.northstarnews.com DBM Band CD Release "From Clarksdale to Kansas City, Volume II" Released in October, 2013: "From Clarksdale to Kansas City, Vol. 2" The second CD featuring the museum's own student band. Read More DBM Receives Blues Trail Marker The unveiling of the Museum's Blues Trail Marker took place April 11, 2013. A reception with music by the DBM Band followed the unveiling. Delta Blues Museum Accepts 2013 National Medal for Museum and Library Service Museum Director Shelley Ritter and community member Travis Calvin accepted the National Medal in a ceremony at the White House on Wednesday, May 8, 2013. Read More Delta Blues Museum Wins "Delta Best" Award The Delta Blues Museum was awarded the "Delta Best" award for outstanding contributions to Tourism in the Delta in 2012 Read More 1,000 Places To See Before You Die DWLayoutTable   You can find the Delta Blues Museum in the "Blues Highway, Clarksdale, MS" chapter of the publication "1,000 Places to See Before You Die", by the author Patricia Schultz. Five Innovative Museums By Linda Zavoral, mercurynews.com If your vacation plans include a U.S. trip, check out this list of stellar museums. This month, first lady Michelle Obama honored these five with the 2013 National Medal for Museum and Library Services for their innovation and outreach... Read More Delta Blues Museum Accepts 2014 National Arts & Humanities Youth Programs Award The Delta Blues Museum is proud to announce we have been awarded the 2014 NAHYP Award for our youth educational programs. The DBM Band performed at the White House and accepted the award presented by the First Lady during a ceremony on November 10, 2014. Read More The Delta Blues Museum's Website, www.deltabluesmuseum.org,was awarded a "gold" certification in the Corporate Design, small budget, multimedia category, by the Southeastern Museums Conference at their annual meeting, held in Charleston, West Virginia. Read More Mississippi Blues Marker Trail Schedule of Events Mark your calendars for the upcoming ceremony dates along both the Mississippi Blues Trail and Mississippi Country Music Trail. More Info Sunflower Festival Chronology We have a section dedicated to the festival on our web site. Your comments and/or photographs can be added to this section for the festival year(s) of your choice. To visit the Sunflower Festival Chronology click here . Charlie Musselwhite: Spontaneous Jam Video of Charlie Musselwhite with Lightnin' Malcolm and Doyle Bramhall having a spontaneous jam in The Juke Joint Chapel. Watch Video Sunflower Festival - August 10th to 12th This years Sunflower Festival was held in Clarksdale Friday, August 10th through Sunday, August 12th. We hope you were able to join us for this great weekend in Clarksdale! For more information please visit SunflowerFest.org To visit the Sunflower Festival Chronology click here . "Live from the Mississippi Delta" The Museum is hosting an exhibit by Panny Mayfield, award-winning journalist and photographer through February, 2018. LIVE FROM THE MISSISSIPPI DELTA , features rare images and rich stories spanning decades of the blues scene in the Delta. Exhibit Opening E-Vite NEW EXHIBIT The Museum is hosting a new photography exhibit "In That Land of Perfect Day" by Justin Thibodeaux The exhibit can be viewed in the Museum's Gallery with the book available for purchase in the Gift Shop Due to copyright restrictions, visitors to the Delta Blues Museum are prohibited from photographing or video recording any portions of the Museum. Exceptions to this policy can be made at the sole discretion of Museum staff and might include: special events; scholars who have made arrangements in advance of their visits; and credentialed members of the press. Members of the press must obtain permission from the DBM Director no less than 24 hours before arrival to gain free admission to the museum. For more information or questions about this policy, please contact the museum at (662)-627-6820 info@deltabluesmuseum.org The DBM Stage is may not be used for political or religious purposes. To request a reservation for stage use please submit your request in writing to the Museum stating the date, time and purpose of event. For more information or questions about these policies, please contact the museum at (662)-627-6820 info@deltabluesmuseum.org The Delta Blues Foundation is a qualified 501(c)(3) tax-exempt organization. All funds solicited through the Delta Blues Foundation are raised on behalf of benefiting the Delta Blues Museum. On-line tax deductible contributions to the Delta Blues Foundation include the Deeper Roots program and the General Fund (a monetarily unrestricted contribution made to the foundation in support of the museum). Memberships and the Buy a Brick program are funded directly to the Delta Blues Museum and are not considered tax deductible. Museum Hours 1 Blues Alley - Clarksdale, MS 38614 - 662-627-6820 Current Hours - Monday thru Saturday - 9:00 AM to 5:00 PM Site Design By EQ Design   |   Business Web Hosting by Verity Hosting Last revised on August 14 2012, Copyright © 1999 - 2012 DeltabluesMuseum.org, All rights reserved. 