Celtic Ways at Carrowcrory for garden of labyrinths, bards, harps and treelore start #container start #header start #header center Hello, I'm John, labyrinth keeper and writer here at Carrowcrory Cottage, Co. Sligo, Ireland surrounded by 100s of peaceful ancient sacred sites, places of timeless mythology, fables, and tradition where I indulge in tree mythology and mindfuness end #headercenter end #header start #leftheader end #leftheader start #navigation center  Ogma's Tale Of The Trees  Bards In The Woods  Forest Mindfulness  Tales From The Labyrinth Contact Me end #navigation center start #contentwrapper start #contentcolumn ENTER CONTENT HERE      AddThis Button BEGIN Garden Of Labyrinths We have a large Native Tree Labyrinth for mindfulness, visualisation, rituals and curiosity so please phone me, to stop by and walk this labyrinth, No fee to stop by, donations for upkeep costs welcome or stay longer to help with some weeding work,  also very welcome. You can also book singer harper Claire Roche to be here to enchant you with her songs, stories and harps to create a wonderful visiting day for families and groups click here for more about Claire Roche's songs, harps and music ... The Celtic Ways Collection     to browse what I do check out my Celtic Ways Collection here Ogma's Tale Of The Trees Bards In The Woods Bathing In The Fae's Breath Forest Mindfulness Tales From The Labyrinth Carrowcrory Cottage Traditions Finding Brighid Claire Roche Music Live From Woodford House Live Broadcasts Of You Local Food Hubs Ireland Waterways Around Ireland Woodland Bard Poems & Stories Ogma      Several diviners from medieval times until the present have tried to align the mythology of trees to Ogham symbols. This is an endless quest that links tree lore with seasons of the year, seasons of our life, and lifestyle choices too. This is an ongoing writing and recording project of mine. Please take a peek. click here to discover more ... end #contentwrapper start #leftcolumn Visit ..   use my labyrinths   from 2pm until 5pm   most afternoons   please phone first   071 966 6480   086 208 2873   no fee   donation box start NEWSLETTER newsletter ..    enter your@email Social .. About ..   about John end #leftcolumn start #footer Celtic Ways 1995 - 2014      site design by Celtic Ways end #footer end #container 