Classic Organ - Forward Looking Pipe Organ Technologies Start of Page Header Home About Classic Rentals Showroom Contact Us End of Page Header Start of Page Menu Custom Organs Ahlborn-Galanti Johannus Hauptwerk Concert Hall End of Page Menu Start of Left Sidebar Start of Newsletter Signup Form Newsletter Signup! Name: Email: End of Newsletter Signup Form Start of Categories Box Categories Wireless MIDI MIDIWorks.ca OrganWorks.com Concert Hall Organ Classifieds End of Categories Box Logo Row   End of Left Sidebar Start of Main Content Area Start of New Item Description VIEW our latest Newsletter: Current Promotions End of New Item Description Start of Sub Item Descriptions Beginning of Article: Current Promotion Current Hauptwerk Promotion: MIDI Organ Keyboards with 20 pistons - 15% OFF! Classic MIDIWorks, suppliers of consoles, keyboards, and pedalboards for Hauptwerk virtual pipe organs, is currently offering 15% off our MIDI keyboard with 20 square pistons! Also get 15% off on all Hauptwerk software, and sample sets produced by Milan Digital Audio! This is your chance to start building your very own Virtual Pipe Organ! Or add to your existing setup. Order by April 30th. .....Read more. See Pics.   Also, we have another promotion on until April, 30th. Order a console table, and get a free keyboard! .....Read more.   End of New Item Description Start of Sub Item Descriptions Start Left Sub Item Concert Hall Hear all the fuss! Now you can hear Hauptwerk users making music at Classic's Concert Hall As of spring 2017, there are almost 20,000 performances on 200+ organs for you to enjoy listening to! Listen End of Left Sub Item Start Right Sub Item Montreal Organ Festival July 1-7, 2017 Classic MIDIWorks will be at the Montreal Organ Festival, from July 1-7. Presented by the Northeast AGO, RCCO, and CIOC, it's a week long indulgence in pipe organs and organ music. We will have a complete Hauptwerk Virtual Pipe Organ on display, and available for those attending to see and play. Plan on a trip to Montreal this summer! We hope to see you there. Right hand Read More link       .....Read more   Left hand Read More link .....More Details   End of Sub Item Descriptions Start of Sub Item Descriptions Start Left Sub Item A-G in Montreal On a Mission On the Eve of Christmas Eve the Classic Organ team installed the Ahlborn- Galanti AG2100 in Montreal just in time for Choir Practice. Pictured left to right; Veteran digital voicer/ installer Arie Vandenberg, Classic La Belle Provence associate J.R (Rosaire) Houle, Father Giuseppe Costamagna and Classic Organ Work’s Bernard O’Grady End of Left Sub Item Start Right Sub Item New at CCBME New B3 and 122XB Faithful to the original, the Red Walnut finish fits in nicely with the church’s traditional surroundings. The search committee from Christ Church British Methodist Episcopal Church landed in our showroom in early December; took one look at the instrument, heard the beautiful tone and said, "That’s the one we want! Can we get it for Christmas?" ...Merry Christmas! Right hand Read More link       .....More news   Left hand Read More link .....More news   End of Sub Item Descriptions Classic at International Eucharistic Congress Hauptwerk Console plays to 50,000+ Classic Organ's Hauptwerk touchscreen console provided the organ accompanyment for the closing mass of the 49th International Eucharistic Congress in Quebec City June 22nd. Marc D'Anjou was the organist for the two and a half hour mass. In addition to brilliant solo work, he also accompanied the 500 member choir and the brass ensemble. .....See Slideshow.   End of New Item Description End of Main Content Area Start of Page Footer End of Page Footer 