Violinist Gretchen Heberling serving San Francisco and the California Bay Area for Weddings Parties and Commercial Events location for social network plugins and PHP notices Should go on the home page only AddThis Button BEGIN Any other notices must fit within the ADDTHIS CLASS sadly, or formatting goes to hell. Put any additional echo comments below. AddThis Button END Now add the PLUS ONE button END OF GOOGLEPLUS ONE BUTTON end of topnotice - section for social network and PHP plugins START OF SCHEMA.ORG STUFF START OF ORGANIZATION Capital Players Solo and Ensemble Services end of postal address Tel: 307-399-5837 Serving The California Bay Area in 2019 end of schema.org ORGANIZATION itemscope id = corporate Local Business Information is below end of postal address end of repeat of Organization as connected to type LOCALBUSINESS end of Local Business End of Banner AJXFILE:top-sm-nav.css Rates Listen! Get a CD Repertoire Weddings end of top nav invoked on smaller screens only Violinist for Weddings, Galas, and Corporate Events Operating Since 2005. Ms. Heberling plays for events in the California Bay area all year, with the exception of July - October 2014, when she is on a dedicated project in Washington DC. She plays for weddings and galas in the North Bay, East Bay, South Bay (no further south than San Jose), San Francisco, and the Peninsula (to Santa Cruz). Ms. Heberling was, through June 2014, principal second violinist for the Stanford Philharmonia Orchestra at Stanford University ( program ). Ms. Heberling has owned and operated Capital Players since 2005, when she started busking for tips in downtown Washington DC. Gretchen and her fellow musicians have performed for weddings, commercial events, embassy functions, family reunions, and children's parties, with solo violin, violin and piano, and small ensembles. Services. Solo violinist Gretchen Heberling, with or without piano accompanist, is available for any event.  Her playing is ideal for weddings, restaurants, outdoor markets, municipal festivals, opening events, parties, and any time you need the elegant touch of professionally performed violin music. Weddings and dinner parties typically cost $400. Less formal events start at $125 ( Read rates ). Capital Players is a sole proprietorship, with TAX ID: 20-8316212. Repertoire. Full range ( view here ) of classics, wedding music, Christmas and religious melodies, some show tunes, light jazz, gypsy fare, and children's favorites. Works can be performed as featured music or as discreet background music for ambiance at your event. New pieces readily added to meet your needs - let us know your favorites! References available upon request. Recognized Area Violinist . Ms Heberling has been furthering her formal study on violin since 1995. Ms. Heberling was Principal Second violinist for the Stanford Philarmonia for the 2013-14 school year while completing her graduate degree. She was the 2012 concertmaster for the University of Wyoming Symphony Orchestra. She was the 2008-2012 recipient of the University of Wyoming McElhone Symphony Scholarship, receiving this recognition each year. (She received her B.S. Civil Engineering from the University of Wyoming). She placed 2nd place in the Rocky Mountain Music Festival Concerto competition in February 2008. Originally from Washington DC, Ms. Heberling won the prestigious 2007 Northern Virginia Easterling Concerto Competition, Senior Division for Young Adults, held in Arlington VA April 2007. Capital Players won the prestigious National Federation of Independent Business "Free Enterprise Award" in 2008, and Gretchen received recognition for this honor from Senator Barbara Milkulski of Maryland ( view ).   Copyright 2005-2019. Capital Players. May not be redistributed or reused without express written permission of Gretchen Heberling. Computer and ISP services donated by Gates2U Wood Pet and Baby Gates , to whom I am very grateful! I also would like to thank Jessica Neuwerth for her wonderful photographs and inspired composition skills! end of intro paragraphs span end of webpage item 