Scottish Wedding Band - Best Rock Band in Scotland | Big Tuna /#header Home The Band Video Audio Wedding Gig Guide Set List Gallery Blog Contact /#navigation Upcoming gigs News New Year bookings coming fast and furious Big Tuna has announced a series of new bookings for 2019 as the band’s calendar … > More end post_class() Fall Guys Deliver Double Dose of Autumn Rock at Two Top Venues Big Tuna has announced four autumn dates at two of their favourite venues over November … > More end post_class() Set list – New songs added to the Big Tuna repertoire Over 100 songs in our set list! Big Tuna's set list consists of well over 100 songs … > More end post_class() Big Tuna to rock Farmer Summer Bash Big Tuna has been called on to provide the entertainment for one of the year’s … > More end post_class() An awakening at Finnegan’s Wake Finnegan's Wake has been a venue long-targeted by Big Tuna and after a few delays … > More end post_class() /.columns (#content) Scottish Wedding Band LOOKING FOR A GREAT SCOTTISH WEDDING BAND FOR YOUR WEDDING, PARTY OR LIVE MUSIC VENUE? Scottish-based Big Tuna is a four man, rock ‘n rolling, good-time-having live Scottish Wedding Band. Big Tuna specialise in weddings, parties, club events and all other types of live rock music performances. They play a broad repertoire featuring the music of the world’s greatest rock artists, covering the 1950s right up to modern day acts. Since forming in 2003, Big Tuna has established itself as one of Scotland’s top live wedding bands and rock cover acts. The band’s current  set list  features a great range of popular classic and contemporary rock songs, ideal for great for creating a party atmosphere, designed to appeal to and entertain those who love real music played live. Along with the numerous live performances at live music venues, private parties and festivals across the nation, Big Tuna is also an experienced and accommodating  Scottish wedding band . For all you about-to-become newlyweds looking for something a little less cheesy for your big day, Big Tuna can help make your wedding become one to remember for all the right reasons. They scrub up very well in their black suits and put on a lively, professional performance which is focused on ensuring the bride, groom and their wedding guests enjoy a great party. But don’t just take our word for it, check out their  Wedding Band Testimonials  and hear from the dozens of couples who’ve been delighted with Big Tuna’s performance at their Scottish wedding. Whether you are getting married in a Scottish city like Edinburgh, Glasgow or Dundee or thinking about a more rural location wedding such as the Highlands, Perthshire, Borders or Fife for your wedding then give them call or email them with your requirements. See their details on the contact page. In addition to being a great Scottish wedding band Big Tuna’s live music performances can bring any party, festival or live music event to life. They have played together for over a decade covering virtually all parts of Scotland and can be seen playing regularly at some of Scotland’s best live music clubs. To find out more please do get in touch. See their details on the  contact page . Or visit our Facebook page . If you would like more info on the band or would like to speak to us about a booking, please contact Bill Shaw.  T: 07974 720669 E:  info@bigtuna.co.uk >  More about Big Tuna   .entry-content #post-## /.columns (#content) Quicklinks WEDDINGS Big Tuna can tailor their set around your big day > Scottish Wedding Band VIDEO If you've never seen them – then check out the videos > Big Tuna Videos GIG GUIDE Full guide to where and when you can catch performances > Gig Guide GALLERY Some snapshots from the Big Tuna family album > Photo Gallery /.columns (#content) ngg_resource_manager_marker All content © Big Tuna 2019 WordPress Themes /#footer /#wrap.container 