Celtic Cross Instruments Click here to start this website's Guitar Music Soundtrack Home SiteMap Links Guitars for Sale Slide Guitar Music Guitar Photo Galleries About Neil Russell Hollowneck Guitar History Early Slide Guitar Photos Guitar Building Process Contact Info / Order Form Some of the guitars from our gallery ... What people say about Celtic Cross ... "The instrument arrived Friday and I've been playing it pretty regularly since then. It's hard to put down. Beautiful instrument and the tone is rich, warm and clear. Thanks for a great instrument. Know that it will be played often and appreciated widely. " Glenn Oakley Boise Idaho InstanceBeginEditable name="content" The Mark of Quality Welcome to the world of Celtic Cross Instruments Celtic Cross Instruments builds only slide instruments with the emphasis on the styles made famous by Hermann Weissenborn . We at Celtic Cross Instruments try to stress craftsmanship , durability and top quality materials at an affordable price for the beginner player and the profesional recording artist. We try to build an instrument that all musicians would be proud to own and play. A Celtic Cross Instrument is not produced by any cookie cutter method. Each is made to order for the customer with their needs in mind. The basic Weissenborn copy is an all Mahogany body with maple bindings and a gloss lacquer finish . Generic tuners, bone nut and saddle with a rosewood bridge. Fretboard and peghead overlay are Burmease rosewood with inlaid maple fret markers and dots. Our line of slide instruments : Standard 25" scale Weissenborn copy six or eight string Teardrop 25" scale Teardrop shape Weissenborn copy six or eight string Standard 30" scale Baritone Weissenborn copy six or eight string Teardrop 30" scale Baritone Weissenborn copy Kona style 25" scale Hilo style 25" scale Double neck 25" scale Weissenborn style for two different tunings on the same instrument. For photos of instruments we've produced, please head over to the Guitar Gallery .   InstanceEndEditable All content on this site is Copyright ©2007 by Celtic Cross Instruments 