Ali Akbar College of Music – Indian Music School San Rafael CA Skip to content Support AACM Donate Become a Member Scholarship Program Instrumental Scholarships Tabla Scholarships Sign Up Contact Us Contact Info Directions standard logo The School About Administration Faculty Press Photos History Ali Akbar Khan Ali Akbar Khan Library Photo Gallery Classes Registration Other Tuition Class Format Online Classes Supplemental Courses Schedule San Rafael Schedule San Francisco Fees Scholarship Program Instrumental Scholarships Tabla Scholarships Session Dates Refer a Friend Student Notices Concerts Concert & Event Calendar AACM Seating Chart August 10th Concert Booking our Artists The Works About The Works Videos AACM in Schools About Photo Gallery Videos Links AAK Library Website The Concert Experience More… Home admin 2019-07-16T17:43:30-07:00 Pandit Swapan Chaudhuri Awarded Padma Shri! The Ali Akbar College of Music is incredibly happy to share with our community that our very own Maestro Swapan Chaudhuri was recently awarded Padma Shri—for distinguished service—one of the highest civilian awards conferred by the Government of India. Read more… Welcome to the Ali Akbar College of Music The College specializes in teaching Sarode, Sitar, and Tabla at the highest professional level in the North Indian classical tradition. Sessions In 2019 Winter: February 18th – April 13th Spring: April 28th – June 22nd Summer: July 7th – August 31st Fall: September 15th – November 9th View All Classes The Akbar College of Music Presents Vocalist – Sandip Bhattacharjee in Concert Tabla Accompaniment by Satish Tare Born in a family with a deep rooted musical background, Sandip was initiated into music by his mother Smt. Krishna Bhattacharjee at the age of four and he continued his talim (training) under Smt. Amita Dasgupta later. When in his teens, Sandip became a residential scholar at the ITC Sangeet Research Academy under the able Guidance of Ustad Mashkoor Ali Khan & Ustad Mubarak Ali Khan, sons and disciples of the legendary Sarangi Maestro late Padmashree Ustad Shakoor Khan. It was essentially here that Sandip was nurtured in the true guru shishya parampara system of training of the Kirana Gharana. Now he is a senior musician scholar at the ITC Sangeet Research Academy, Tollygunge, Kolkata. August 10th, 2019 7:30 pm 215 West End Ave. San Rafael, CA 94901 Advanced Tickets: General $30, Members/Seniors/Students $25 At the Door: General $25, Members/Seniors/Students $20 Children under 10 are free For more information, or to reserve tickets call the office at 415 454-6372 Concert Calendar Our thanks to the following organizations for their generous support: fusion-row #main The mission of the Ali Akbar College of Music is to teach, perform and preserve the classical music of North India—specifically the Seni Baba Allauddin Gharana (tradition)—and to offer this great musical legacy to all who wish to learn. Classes are offered in person at AACM as well as online worldwide. Support AACM Sign Up Contact Us 215 West End Avenue San Rafael, CA 94901 415-454-6372 office@aacm.org fusion-columns fusion-row fusion-footer-widget-area Copyright 2018 Ali Akbar College of Music | All Rights Reserved | Design by Megan Yalkut / Hamsa Design | fusion-fusion-copyright-content fusion-row #footer fusion-footer wrapper 