Daniel Ho Creations DO NOT MODIFY End Facebook Pixel Code START MailChimp Code END MailChimp Code End of Squarespace Headers Daniel Ho Bio Tour Welcome Music Newest Releases Shop CDs, Books & More Digital Downloads Uke Board Search Gallery ʻUkulele photos Guitar photos Portrait & Grammy photos Live Show photos Videos Instruments Japanese Contact Daniel Ho Creations comment the linebreak between these two elements because science comment the linebreak between these two elements because science Daniel Ho Bio Tour Welcome Music Newest Releases Shop CDs, Books & More Digital Downloads Uke Board Search Gallery ʻUkulele photos Guitar photos Portrait & Grammy photos Live Show photos Videos Instruments Japanese Contact style below blocks out the mobile nav toggle only when nav is loaded Banner nothing to see here, move along Create index sections For Pages   “Hawaiian ‘Ohana” is a one-hour, family-friendly prelude performance of the full Pineapple Mango musical. Starring the cast of Hālau Hula Kealiʻi o Nālani, with music by The Daniel Ho Trio, written & directed by Sam O’Neal. Tickets are only available as part of The Broad Stage package of Family-Friendly shows: $14 for 3 shows, one of which is "Hawaiian 'Ohana." PURCHASE TICKETS BY PHONE: call (310) 434-3200 (M-F 12-6pm) to waive the $36 online processing fee.     Daniel is a featured artist/instructor for YAMAHA’s Musician’s Creativity Lab Excerpts from Daniel’s online music curriculum spanning 28 lessons and 11+ hours of content. Presented by YAMAHA’s “Musician’s Creativity Lab” (MCL). Learn more about “Daniel Ho - Ukulele World” and become the musician you’ve always dreamed of.   The Tiny Tenor 'Ukulele ...in a Roomful of Holy Grails! I record my Tiny Tenor 'ukulele exclusively with Universal Audio equipment. Together at last in UA headquarters' recording studio. These are the actual units modeled by their audio software plug-ins! For Galleries For Albums For Pages Daniel Ho - Brief Bio   Hawai‘i-born, Los Angeles-based Daniel Ho is a six-time GRAMMY Award winner, fourteen-time GRAMMY Award nominee, six-time Taiwanese Golden Melody Award winner, and recipient of multiple Hawaiian Music awards. He is an ‘ukulele virtuoso, slack key guitarist, multi-instrumentalist, composer, arranger, singer-songwriter, producer, audio engineer, and record company owner. He is the designer of the iconic Romero Creations Tiny Tenor ‘ukulele and Ohana Bongolele and Shakerlele. His custom-designed six-string ‘ukulele is on exhibit at the GRAMMY Museum at LA Live. Daniel's composing & performing abilities shine on "Na Pana Elua."  The song begins at 1:10. Daniel’s collaborations transcend genres from traditional to contemporary Hawaiian, world music with Mongolian nomads and Taiwanese aboriginal tribes, to classical guitar and ‘ukulele duets with Pepe Romero, to driving rock riffs with electric guitarist Tak Matsumoto (of 80+ million album-selling Japanese rock duo, B’z). Always on the move, Daniel is in infinite pursuit of new musical adventures. Daniel endorses YAMAHA Guitars and Romero Creations ‘ukuleles. Click for Daniel's Extended Bio   For Galleries For Albums For Pages DANIEL HO - LIVE   “Hawaiian ‘Ohana” is a one-hour, family-friendly prelude performance of the full Pineapple Mango musical. Starring the cast of Hālau Hula Kealiʻi o Nālani, with music by The Daniel Ho Trio, written & directed by Sam O’Neal. Tickets are only available as part of The Broad Stage package of Family-Friendly shows: $14 for 3 shows, one of which is "Hawaiian 'Ohana." PURCHASE TICKETS BY PHONE: CALL (310) 434-3200 (M-F 12-6PM) to waive the $36 online processing fee. The Tour Dates Block is rendered by Handlebars. For Galleries For Albums Back to Top Cart ( 0 ) START iTunes Affiliate Auto Link Maker * all iTunes, App Store, iBookstore and Mac App Store links will be converted to affiliate links END iTunes Affiliate Auto Link Maker * all iTunes, App Store, iBookstore and Mac App Store links will be converted to affiliate links 