Lester DeVoe Guitars | Chosen by the greatest flamenco performers in the world. #header /#header #navigation Go To... Home History Guitars Flamenco Blanca Flamenco Negra Classical Price List Ordering Information Gallery Photos Videos Education Guitar Care Using Friction Tuning Pegs Contact Home History Guitars Flamenco Blanca Flamenco Negra Classical Price List Ordering Information Gallery Photos Videos Education Guitar Care Using Friction Tuning Pegs Contact /#navigation /#container gives us the gray stripe and established in header Old World Hand-Crafted Each Lester DeVoe guitar is made from the highest quality materials, consistently achieving his famous action, tone, and renowned playability. Home Page A talented luthier for over 39 years, Lester has developed an international reputation with the great players of flamenco and classical guitar. DeVoe guitars have been owned and played in concerts and on recordings by the greatest flamenco performers of four generations: Sabicas, Paco de Lucia, Vicente Amigo and Antonio Rey. Pavel Steidl and Pepe Romero have both played DeVoe Classical Guitars. Atque Corrupti 2 Dolores et quas molestias excepturi sint occaecati cupiditate non provident, similique este. /#content Hand Craftsmanship For over 41 years, Lester DeVoe has developed an international reputation with the greatest players of flamenco and classical guitar.  With a current waiting list of three years, Lester DeVoe is one of the most experienced and sought-after flamenco guitar makers in history.   Read More Designed for the Best DeVoe guitars have been owned and played in concerts and on recordings by the greatest flamenco performers of four generations: Sabicas, Paco de Lucia, Vicente Amigo and Antonio Rey.  World–Renowned Since 1975, Lester Devoe has cultivated relationships with the world's finest guitarists.  Over this period, he has built an understanding of their requirements and meeting their individual needs.   View DeVoe Guitars © 2017 DeVoeGuitars.com.  All Rights Reserved.  Website restrung by:  Net Buffalo /#wrap 