Brighton Philharmonic Orchestra | Brighton Philharmonic Orchestra Home Concerts Tickets Friends Friends of Brighton Philharmonic Brighton & Hove Philharmonic Society Friends events Our History Our Orchestra News Support Education Contact Us START REVOLUTION SLIDER 5.4.8.3 fullwidth mode SLIDE MAIN IMAGE LAYERS SLIDE MAIN IMAGE LAYERS SLIDE MAIN IMAGE LAYERS SLIDE MAIN IMAGE LAYERS SLIDE MAIN IMAGE LAYERS SLIDE MAIN IMAGE LAYERS END REVOLUTION SLIDER Welcome to the Brighton Philharmonic Orchestra Welcome to the website of the Brighton Philharmonic, Brighton & Hove’s professional orchestra, which performs an annual season of Sunday afternoon concerts at Brighton Dome along with a hugely popular   New Year’s Eve Viennese Gala . We hope that it answers all your questions about who we are and what we do. The Brighton Phil at Brighton Dome 2019/20 Season Our 2019/20 season brochure with details of all the concerts and how to purchase tickets is now available from the BPO office and Brighton Dome Ticket Office or you can download a (pdf 20 page) copy here by clicking on this link: https://www.brightonphil.org.uk/wp-content/uploads/2019/07/BPO-SEASON-PROGRAMME-no-trims.pdf Tickets (ranging from £14.50-£42.50 - discounts/concessions available) will go on sale on Mon 7 October from Brighton Dome Ticket Office , Church Street, Brighton, (01273) 709709 and online: brightondome.org Thank you to our 2018/19 season sponsors and supporters A reception to thank the orchestra’s patrons, sponsors and donors was held immediately following the 2018/19 season finale on Sun 17 March , attended by the then Mayor of Brighton & Hove, Councillor Dee Simson, Conductor Laureate Barry Wordsworth and members of the orchestra. Read more and see photos taken at the event here: https://www.brightonphil.org.uk/thank-you-to-our-sponsors-and-supporters%EF%BB%BF/ Society Business: The Brighton Phil's Mission Statement The Board of the Brighton & Hove Philharmonic Society, which manages the orchestra, produced a new Mission Statement for the Society last year. You can read it here, along with an explanation about the background behind it: https://www.brightonphil.org.uk/brighton-hove-philharmonic-society/   Annual General Meeting: Sun 1 December 2019 The Society's 79th Annual General Meeting will take place in the Founders Room at Brighton Dome immediately after the concert on Sun 1 December 2019 . The agenda for the meeting, at which both Chairman Nicolas Chisholm and Honorary Treasurer Sue McHugh will retire from the Board, having both served the maximum term of nine years, will be sent to Friends of the Phil in September, along with minutes of last year's meeting. Support us As one of the few remaining professional British orchestras to survive without any public funding, and with ticket sales bringing in less than half the funds needed for our annual concert season, we rely on individual donations from our supporters for all our programming. We are currently seeking sponsorship for our 2019/20 concert season at Brighton Dome to help ensure that we can continue to present interesting and attractive programmes to the people of Brighton & Hove, and beyond. See: Support Us The Friends of the Phil are hugely supportive of the orchestra and their membership of the Society is crucial to its survival. Information on the benefits of becoming a Friend of your local professional orchestra (including priority booking), how to join, sponsor or make a donation can be found at: Friends of BPO For more information about the orchestra please sign up to receive our quarterly newsletter, latest news and updates by email - simply enter your email address in the box near the bottom of this page (under Newsletter ). You can choose to unsubscribe at any time. Nicolas Chisholm, MBE Chairman of BHPS Your orchestra needs you We are enormously grateful to all those Friends and supporters whose sponsorship made our last season possible. We are now seeking sponsorship for our 2019/20 concert season at Brighton Dome. Ticket sales for our concerts, however good, make up less than 50% of our income and in order to continue to present such exciting programmes to our Brighton audiences the Society needs to raise sufficient sponsorship to make up the difference. There are opportunities to sponsor an orchestral chair position, a specific concert or simply to contribute to the concert season as a whole, as an individual or joining with others. For further details about all forms of sponsorship please contact the BPO on: (01273) 622900 or email: chairman @ brightonphil.org.uk Newsletter Our latest Friends of the Phil newsletter (July 2019) is now available to download as a 4 page colour pdf file here: https://www.brightonphil.org.uk/wp-content/uploads/2019/07/BPO-Newsletter-JULY-2019-no-trims.pdf Our next newsletter will be published in September 2019. Our latest e-newsletter (March 2019) can be viewed here: https://us12.admin.mailchimp.com/campaigns/share?id=2124661 Sign up to receive your copy by email every quarter (generally in March, June, September and December), along with occasional e-news updates. Simply enter your email address below (noting that you can unsubscribe from these emails at any time). You can read the Society’s Privacy & Safeguarding of Data Policy   at:  privacy-safeguarding-data-policy BEFORE CONTENTS Would you like to know what's going on at the BPO? Subscribe To Our Newsletter Be the first to get latest updates and exclusive content straight to your email inbox. Email .cp-form-field Yes, I want to receive updates .cp-submit-wrap #smile-optin-form .cp-form-container AFTER CONTENTS .cp-modal-body .cp-modal-content .cp-animate-container .cp-modal .affiliate link for fullscreen .cp-overlay .cp-modal-popup-container Reviews etr_print_best_testimonial_slider_func Brighton is privileged to have an orchestra of such quality on its doorstep Mid Sussex Times Admin ...an orchestra which continues to remind those who attend how lucky they are to have such an established orchestra on their doorstep The Argus Admin "The Brighton Philharmonic, Brighton's blue chip orchestra..." Smile Sussex Admin end etr_print_best_testimonial_slider_func Audio Clips Search Search Christian Garrick & Friends with the Brighton Philharmonic Strings 9647735 DD days : HH hours : MM min 2019/20 season coming soon! Latest News Seaford Music Society Gala Concert with Melvyn Tan: Sat 29 June 2019, 7.30pm 1 month ago Lewes Chamber Music Festival: 6-8 June 2019 2 months ago Happy birthday to the Brighton Phil 2 months ago D-Day 75: Honoring the Past, Securing the Future, Fri 31 May, 7pm, Brighton Dome 3 months ago Thank you to our sponsors and supporters﻿ 3 months ago FAQ Who are the Brighton Philharmonic Orchestra? The Brighton Philharmonic Orchestra was formed by Herbert Menges…. read more What can I expect from a BPO concert? Our annual season of orchestral concerts take place in Brighton Dome Concert Hall on Sunday afternoons at 2.45pm, where we also perform a very popular New Year’s Eve Viennese Gala concert … read more How do I book tickets for the BPO? Tickets for all our concerts are available from Brighton Dome Ticket Office…. read more How can I contact the BPO? The BPO office is located in George Street, Brighton…. read more How can I get involved with the BPO? There are many ways you can get involved with the BPO…. read more Forthcoming Events Event Nov 10 Christian Garrick & Friends with the Brighton Philharmonic Strings 10 November @ 2:45 pm - 4:45 pm UTC+0 // Price, Venue Name, Street, City, State or Province, Postal Code, Country, Venue Phone, Organizer Name Brighton United Kingdom .list-info Event Dec 01 Natalie Murray-Beale conducts the Brighton Phil, Thomas Gould (violin) 1 December @ 2:45 pm - 4:45 pm UTC+0 // Price, Venue Name, Street, City, State or Province, Postal Code, Country, Venue Phone, Organizer Name Brighton United Kingdom .list-info Event Dec 31 The Brighton Philharmonic Orchestra’s New Year’s Eve Viennese Gala 31 December @ 2:45 pm - 4:45 pm UTC+0 // Price, Venue Name, Street, City, State or Province, Postal Code, Country, Venue Phone, Organizer Name Brighton United Kingdom .list-info Event Feb 09 Brighton Philharmonic Brass 9 February, 2020 @ 2:45 pm - 4:45 pm UTC+0 // Price, Venue Name, Street, City, State or Province, Postal Code, Country, Venue Phone, Organizer Name Brighton United Kingdom .list-info Event Mar 01 Worbey & Farrell “Rhapsody” 1 March, 2020 @ 2:45 pm - 4:45 pm UTC+0 // Price, Venue Name, Street, City, State or Province, Postal Code, Country, Venue Phone, Organizer Name Brighton United Kingdom .list-info View More… Follow us on Facebook Comments Box SVG icons Used for the like, share, comment, and reaction icons Brighton Phil 4 days ago Details of the Brighton Phil's 2019/20 season at Brighton Dome. For more in depth information about each of the concerts pick up a copy of our season brochure from Brighton Dome Ticket Office. Tickets go on sale on Monday 7 October (although Friends of the Phil enjoy priority booking over the summer with discounts of up to 25% on season tickets - see www.brightonphil.org.uk/friends for further details of the benefits of supporting your local professional orchestra!) ... View on Facebook · Share Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Linked In Share by Email Likes: 8 Shares: 0 Comments: 0 Comment on Facebook Brighton Phil 4 days ago ... View on Facebook · Share Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Linked In Share by Email Likes: 15 Shares: 0 Comments: 0 Comment on Facebook Brighton Phil updated their cover photo. 7 days ago ... View on Facebook · Share Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Linked In Share by Email Likes: 8 Shares: 0 Comments: 1 Comment on Facebook Taken out season ticket again ❤️ View more comments Load more Follow us on Twitter Tweets by @BPO_Orchestra Plugin: Custom Meta Widget Plugin URL: http://shinraholdings.com/plugins/custom-meta-widget/ Admin Log in Copyright ©2012-2018 Brighton Philharmonic Orchestra. × Home Concerts Tickets Friends Friends of Brighton Philharmonic Brighton & Hove Philharmonic Society Friends events Our History Our Orchestra News Support Education Contact Us END .x-site END .x-root BEFORE CONTENTS Would you like to know what's going on at the BPO? Subscribe To Our Newsletter Be the first to get latest updates and exclusive content straight to your email inbox. Email .cp-form-field Yes, I want to receive updates .cp-submit-wrap #smile-optin-form .cp-form-container AFTER CONTENTS .cp-modal-body .cp-modal-content .cp-animate-container .cp-modal .affiliate link for fullscreen .cp-overlay .cp-modal-popup-container slide_in Shortcode BEFORE CONTENTS AFTER CONTENTS .cp-slidein-body .cp-slidein-content .cp-animate-container .cp-slidein .slidein-overlay .cp-slidein-popup-container This site uses cookies - by continuing to browse our site you consent to them being put on your computer Click here to find out more. Okay, thanks custom wrapper class #catapult-cookie-bar 