Blue Storm Music Store | Blues Rock CDs, DVDs, Vinyl LPs and Books   Listen now to songs from Gary Moore, Ten Years After, Otis Rush, Savoy Brown, Scott Holt, Muddy Waters, Vince Converse, John Mayall, Rory Gallagher & more STORE CLOSED INDEFINITELY Hurricane Sandy wiped out our entire inventory. It is with great sadness that Blue Storm Music has to close its doors. Thank you to everyone who have supported us over the years. It was our great pleasure to be able to provide such great music to you, our customers and friends, for such a long time. Arnie and everyone here at Blue Storm Music   We are proud to announce that we now will be stocking the complete RORY GALLAGHER catalog We feel that Rory was one of the most important and diverse artists from the 60's to date. There is also in the catalog a brand new release called Wheels Within Wheels, put together by Donal Gallagher that well represents Rory's folk-blues background. This catalog is certainly worth exploring if you haven't already. Each one of these records have added bonus tracks, and the artwork has been changed in many cases with many added photos and text. The remastering is far superior to the originals. Packages have been put together by his brother, Donal Gallagher. Rory was unquestionably an original. Click here to view the Rory Gallagher catalog Dick Heckstall Smith: One of the finest persons and musicians I have ever met | Sept 26, 1934 –Dec 17, 2004 Everybody should know Dick' Heckstall-Smith's legendary status as a musician, saxophonist and composer. He had a major part in bringing British Blues and Jazz to the forefront of the world music scene. He was a part of one of the important and unfortunately over looked bands the Graham Bond Organization which also included the upstarts Jack Bruce and Ginger Baker. How ironic that a Cream reunion is coming this March. Maybe without Graham and Dick there is no Cream? Dick had a long career being part of many other legendary bands such as Blues Incorporated, John Mayall's Bluesbreakers, Coliseum, Mainsqueeze and many other solo projects. Read on... Check out photographs of our favorite artists, as well as vintage memorabilia in our all new GALLERY Now available FREE for download: The Rory Gallagher Story: BBC Radio 2 Broadcast 16th April, 2005, narrated by Gary moore. Click here to download and listen now. ©2000-2011 Blue Storm Music 