Parallelepipedish | Bill and Brenda Sutton Parallelepipedish Bill and Brenda Sutton Main menu Skip to content Home And They Said It Wouldn’t Last Bill Sutton Beer Bill’s Music Sutton Family Genealogy Trains Bill’s Live Journal (bedlamhouse) Brenda Sutton Brenda’s Music Bodhránista! Bodhrán Care Bodhrán Etiquette Bodhrán Jokes Bodhrán Pronunciation Bodhrán Tips How to Hold the Bodhrán Seisiún Terms Tippers Writing A.D.D. Gardener Food Entrees Beef Tomato Stir Fry Rock Cornish Game Hens Stuffed with Wild Rice Shrimp Curry Inside-out Chicken Cordon Bleu The World’s Best Lasagna! No…really! Their Music Bill and Brenda Sutton Bed & Breakfast Bed and Breakfast Facebook Page Booking Information Concerts Discography Lyrics Bill’s Lyrics Caretakers Hand in the Cookie Jar High Fantasy Mind, Hands and Heart Serenity Une Chanson Sans Amour Vor Women With Drums Brenda’s Lyrics Absolutely Bonkers All the Nac Mac Feegles All the Way from Italy (Maria Lucia) Amanda/Sarek Angry Birds Drinking with the Man in the Moon Name Me Jonathan! Sex After CPAP This Turn of the Wheel Collaborations Sense of Wonder Take it Step by Step Where’s My Flying Car? Contact #branding Post navigation ← Older posts #nav-above St. Patrick’s Day Gigs Updated Posted on March 9, 2018 by Bill .entry-header It’s almost here! We’ve updated the St. Patrick’s Day gigs, so check them out and come join us! .entry-content Posted in Irish Music , Music , News #entry-meta #post-## Greetings Of the Season Posted on December 19, 2017 by Bill .entry-header It’s an odd year. Certainly this is the warmest December since moving to Indiana (and the irony of Atlanta getting 6″ of snow when we haven’t had enough to show a rabbit’s tracks yet is neither lost on me nor pleasant). We were late getting decorations up due to weekends spent doing other things – fun things, but we’re still putting up lights and just now getting the tree decorated. I am missing the Winter Solstice celebration at UUI this year due to other commitments, and the final shopping days before family arrive have rather snuck up on us. So, not feeling the season in spite of starting the holiday music early at my desk (and discovering new carols for Solstice that make my heart sing!) But my father is in town and is as sharp as he has been in quite some time (and even moving around better for given values of “feet not always working as well as he would like), and we’re expecting the kids to be here in a few days (and I continue to boo retail for not being able to have all of them here). As always, the brightest spot in all things is you – my friends and chosen family in SF fandom, filk, SCA, UU community, and so many other places. You make every day a joy, and here is my annual wish for you (again acknowledging the final polish given to it by Callie – whom I do not have a Dreamwidth account name for so I cannot tag her this year): – as the sun increases, so may your joys increase. – as the nights become shorter, so may your sorrows shrink. – as those you love surround you, feel my love there as well. – may you be blessed by your Gods, be they within or without. – may all your dearest dreams come to you in time. Joyous Yule, Merry Christmas, Blessed Hanukkah, Happy Dong Zhi, and an Inspirational Kwanzaa to you all. May the best of this year follow you into the next. .entry-content Posted in Uncategorized #entry-meta #post-## Gig Schedule Updated Posted on April 24, 2017 by Bill .entry-header Our gig schedule for 2017 has been updated – we’ll be adding more as the summer days approach. Hope to see you there! .entry-content Posted in Music #entry-meta #post-## California, here we come! Posted on March 16, 2017 by Brenda Sutton .entry-header We’re so looking forward to spending some time out in the Bay Area as the Music Guests of Honor at Consonance , March 24 – 26, 2017.   It will be loads of fun getting to play with Canadian singer Leslie Hudson again. At OVFF she crammed nine of us on stage, and we had a blast performing her music.  And then…and THEN…we’ll also be making even more music with Weird Sister Dr. Mary Crowell and cellist Betsy Tinney.  This is going to be SO much fun! .entry-content Posted in Uncategorized #entry-meta #post-## St. Patrick’s Day Gigs Posted on March 16, 2017 by Brenda Sutton .entry-header Bill and Brenda’s Irish pub duo, Bed & Breakfast, performs twice this St. Patrick’s Day. The first gig is a family show from 5pm to 8pm at Pizza Paradise on Main Street in Danville, Indiana. Then at 9pm they bounce across the street to Diesel’s and play the rowdier songs until the wee hours. Come join us for a fun night. MORE INFO HERE .entry-content Posted in Uncategorized #entry-meta #post-## Set Up reCAPTCHA Posted on November 21, 2016 by Bill .entry-header Unfortunately, with the SPAM inundation, I’ve had to set up some of that annoying “are you a human” stuff. Hopefully this will work. .entry-content Posted in Uncategorized #entry-meta #post-## Le Disque Compact Nouveau Est Arrivé! Posted on September 27, 2016 by Bill .entry-header We are back from FenCon and have the full shipment of CDs on hand. The first step is to mail the CDs to those who pre-ordered – some have volunteered to receive their CDs at OVFF and this is especially appreciated for those outside the US. I will be conducting a survey to confirm this. The second step is to get physical CDs available on CDBaby and Amazon. The downloads are available currently on Bandcamp and CDBaby. The third step will be to contact filk dealers to find out who wants some. And then we hitch up our Big Musician pants and get busy finishing the Irish CD. .entry-content Posted in Uncategorized #entry-meta #post-## Physical CDs Are Coming! Posted on September 13, 2016 by Bill .entry-header The physical CDs for “And They Said It Wouldn’t Last” are in process at Oasis CD and we expect shipment (to us) to begin by September 21. We will have CDs at FenCon and can hand-deliver CDs at OVFF , so let us know! .entry-content Posted in Filk , Music #entry-meta #post-## The Digital Version Lives! Posted on August 22, 2016 by Bill .entry-header You can now download And They Said It Wouldn’t Last from Bandcamp for $10 – What A Bargain! The physical version will be available in the next 30 days, so stay tuned for more info.   https://billbrendasutton.bandcamp.com/album/and-they-said-it-wouldnt-last .entry-content Posted in Filk #entry-meta #post-## The (First) CD Is Done! Posted on August 16, 2016 by Bill .entry-header Well, at least everything is done on the music end. Still tweaking the case content (fixing typos, that is) and hoping to have it ready for production the first of September. The digital release on our bandcamp site should be open to the public on Tuesday, August 23. .entry-content Posted in Filk #entry-meta #post-## Post navigation ← Older posts #nav-above #content #primary Recent Posts St. Patrick’s Day Gigs Updated Greetings Of the Season Gig Schedule Updated California, here we come! St. Patrick’s Day Gigs Recent Comments Brenda Sutton on Finally! Kristen on Finally! Archives March 2018 December 2017 April 2017 March 2017 November 2016 September 2016 August 2016 May 2016 Categories Administrivia Filk Irish Music Music News Uncategorized Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org #secondary .widget-area #main Proudly powered by WordPress | Theme: Duster by Automattic . #colophon #page 