Boston Chapter – American Guild of Organists | Boston Chapter Boston Chapter /.social-widget Home Our Chapter Officers and Committees of the Chapter 2018-2020 2019 – 2020 Programs Nov 9 Jonathan Ryan Concert Recording Pipings Young Organist Initative Auditions 2019-2020 Auditions 2020 – 2021 2018-2019 YOI Scholarship Winners Quimby Competition Job Placement Listing Substitute List Special Projects Advisory Committee (SPAC) SPAC Project Application SPAC Grant Awards In the News TAO News NE Region Connection Calendar Resources Organ Library Music Downloads Organs of Boston History – Past Deans’ List Deans of Our Chapter 2019 Operating Procedures – New Useful Links Members Area Membership Directory February 2019 Placement Listings Placement Sign Up Substitute Sign Up Substitute Drop Out Form Join Us Contact Us /#main-nav /#main-nav-wrap American Guild of Organists BOSTON CHAPTER /.header-widget-inner /.header-widget /header-widgets /#header /#headerwrap layout-container content page-title /page-title Young Organist Initiative May Recital at Dover Church The Boston Chapter held its first annual Spring YOI Scholarship Winner and Graduate Recognition Recital Saturday, May 18 at The Dover Church in Dover, MA. Annual YOI scholarship recipients are given two opportunities to perform, one in May and the second in early summer, and they may play in one or both. Three 2018-2019 YOI Scholarship students, John Dunn, Adelaide Mangum, Alexander Marin, joined 2016-2017 YOI Scholar Savannah Curro performing works by J.S. Bach, Joann Fischer, Robert Jones, Gottfried Walther and Louis Vierne. The Graduate Recognition aspect of the May recital was added this year as a way to recognize current and former scholarship recipients and wish them well on their next endeavor. Savannah Curro is currently the church music intern at Parish of the Epiphany in Winchester, MA and following her graduation from Arlington High School will be attending Mercer University in Macon, GA this fall where she will be pursuing a Bachelor of Music degree in organ performance. Our next recital will be July 2 at 12:15 at King’s Chapel in Boston where 2018-2019 YOI Scholarship Students Christopher Allen, Michael Tekaekara, Alexander Marin, Adelaide Mangum and Johanna Murphy will perform. Auditions for our 2019-2020 Scholarship will be held Saturday, September 28 at The Dover Church, 17 Springdale Avenue in Dover, MA at 10:00 AM. For more information please visit www.bostonago.org or BAGO YOI Chair Christine Hogan christine01776@verizon.net Photo (L to R) Alexander Marin, Adelaide Mangum, Savannah Curro and John Dunn Young Organist Initiative Scholarship Recipients Announced   2019-2020 YOI Program Information and Audition Applications have been added to this website. For more information, please click here Six scholarship recipients have been announced for the 2018-2019 study year.  To read more, click here In 1954, H. Winthrop Martin wrote “A History of the American Guild of Organists in Boston, Massachusetts 1905-1954” in partial fulfillment of the requirement for the Master of Scared Music degree from Union Theological Seminary, New York City. That work is in process of being transcribed and digitized, as the work itself is very fragile. Years 1905 – 1933 are now available online by clicking here . More content will be added periodically. Remembering that this is a dissertation, the writing can be pedantic, but the document is very useful and can answer questions you didn’t know you had: What musical selections were played at recitals and concerts in the early years? When was a church first mentioned? What issues faced the Founders? What “famous” organists visited Boston? Enjoy browsing this valuable resource.   Call for Nominations for Projects Requesting SPAC Funding (Special Project Advisory Council) SPAC is an endowment to fund special projects in the organ world.  Not just chapter members, but anyone could apply for funding derived from the endowment income. In order to keep the group’s non-profit status the projects funded can only be ones that the public would be invited or participate in some way.  The money also would not be considered for the building or maintenance of organs in churches.  The organ (and choral) projects that could be funded include: 1) public concerts, 2) radio broadcasts, 3) research projects 4) publications, 5) music commissions, 6) educational projects, 7) recordings, and 8) scholarships.  In arriving at their recommendations SPAC often takes into account additional money raised by the applicant from other sources. Project requests are due March 15, 2019.  For more information on the application process, click here Buy Your Music from the Boston AGO Organ Library ! The AGO Organ Library, housed in the School of Theology at Boston University, has lots of used organ music for sale at relatively inexpensive prices. At the moment our supply is large, and we are offering discounts on Bach Scores, especially if you are a student. The Library is physically open only on Sunday afternoons, but it’s much easier (for you and for us) if you shop online anyway, so visit our website and click on “Music Sales” in the menu along the right side of the picture. There are various categories to look in (individual composers; collections; method books; books about organ music.) Then send us an email with your order (don’t try to call on the phone); We’ll email you back with the total and the shipping cost. We’re not fast (our staff is very tiny, often only 1 person) but we are cheap, very knowledgeable about the repertoire, and only charge necessary shipping costs. Our email is orglib@bu.edu . Happy music hunting, Carl Klein, DMA AGO Organ Library Administrator www.organlibrary.org – orglib@bu.edu /themify_builder_content comments /comments /.post-content /.type-page /content Follow us on Facebook /themify-link-item Executive Committee Meetings March 18th, April 29th; 2:00PM Calendar Highlights Click here for details. /#sidebar /layout-container /body Boston Chapter – American Guild of Organists /footer-logo /.footer-nav-wrap © Boston Chapter – American Guild of Organists 2019 Site design and hosting: North Forty Road Web Studio /.footer-text /footer-widgets /#footer /#footerwrap /#pagewrap SCHEMA BEGIN /SCHEMA END wp_footer ngg_resource_manager_marker Begin Shadowbox JS v3.0.3.10 Selected Players: html, iframe, img, qt, swf, wmp End Shadowbox JS 