Donald Crockett Donald Crockett | Composer Main menu Home Bio Compositions Recordings Opera Events Press Photos Contact Search form Search "And The River" Consortium Commission & Premiere "And the River", Donald Crockett's new concerto for duo pianists and chamber orchestra featuring HOCKET , premiered in May 2018 with Kaleidoscope Chamber Orchestra. Co-commissioned by Kaleidoscope, Oberlin Conservatory, and the Aspen Music Festival, "And the River" with HOCKET travels to Oberlin in November 2018 and to the Aspen Music Festival in July 2019. width = 200 height = 113 Excerpt 1 Excerpt 2 Excerpt 3 Excerpt 4 Excerpt 5 Excerpt 6 Excerpt 7 Read more about "And The River" Consortium Commission & Premiere /.node SAKURA New Music USA Commission Workshops are in progress for this new piece featuring SAKURA cello quintet. Premiere performances are scheduled for the 2019-20 season. Excerpt 1 Excerpt 2 Read more about SAKURA New Music USA Commission /.node HIGHLIGHTS FOR SPRING/SUMMER 2018 Two commissioned premieres are on the way, with Donald Crockett hard at work on a new concerto for HOCKET piano duo in a co-commission with Kaleidoscope Chamber Orchestra, Aspen Music Festival, and the Oberlin Sinfonietta. Here is a workshop session on the piece with Sarah Gibson and Thomas Kotcheff, aka HOCKET, as they navigate in and around a Steinway grand: A featured work early in 2018 is Night Scenes for piano trio, which Chicago's Fifth House Ensemble has been touring in 2016/17 and 17/18, with upcoming performances at Eastman and at the Grand Teton Festival in Jackson Hole, Wyoming. Night Scenes will also be featured at the Bennington Chamber Music Conference this summer at Bennington College, Vermont. Here are sample tracks from the Night Scenes recording by Firebird Ensemble on New World Records: Audio Excerpts:  Mvt 1. Scatter the Barbarians - excerpt from Night Scenes Mvt 2. The Blue Guitar Mvt 3. Midnight Train Mvt 4. Night Hawk In Summer 2018, Donald Crockett returns to the Aspen Music Festival to conduct the Aspen Contemporary Ensemble for three weeks, then on to the Bennington Chamber Music Conference as Senior Composer in Residence, overseeing the composition program, working with the Resident Composers for the summer, and coaching performances of his music, including Night Scenes . Read more about HIGHLIGHTS FOR SPRING/SUMMER 2018 Two commissioned premieres are on the way, with Donald Crockett hard at work on a new concerto for HOCKET piano duo in a co-commission with Kaleidoscope Chamber Orchestra, Aspen Music Festival, and the Oberlin Sinfoniett /.node Summer 2017 Highlights During June-August 2017, Donald Crockett appeared at five music festivals, featuring the Argus Quartet in the world premiere of String Quartet No. 4 "Traveling Symphony" commissioned by the Caramoor Festival in New York. Additional performances included the New York premiere of "Dance Concerto" at the MoMA Summer Garden Series, "Whistling in the Dark" at the Aspen Music Festival, and "Pilgrimage" for piano solo at the Atlantic Music Festival. He also presented a seminar, "Composing String Quartets", at the Bennington Chamber Music Conference in Vermont. "Whistling in the Dark" rehearsal, Aspen Contemporary Ensemble in July 2017. Premiere of String Quartet No. 4 "Traveling Symphony", Argus Quartet, Caramoor Music Festival, New York, July 2017 Audio Excerpts:  String Quartet No. 4 "Traveling Symphony", excerpt 1: beginning String Quartet No. 4 "Traveling Symphony", excerpt 2: Telling the news String Quartet No. 4 "Traveling Symphony", excerpt 3: Light the grid "Whistling in the Dark", dress rehearsal, Aspen Contemporary Ensemble, Aspen Music Festival Argus Quartet rehearsal, String Quartet No. 4 "Traveling Symphony", Chicago "Traveling Symphony" tech setup Stage setup, "Dance Concerto", MoMA Summer Garden Series, New York "Dance Concerto", New Juilliard Ensemble, Joel Sachs, conductor "Dance Concerto" audience at MoMA Click for slideshow Read more about Summer 2017 Highlights /.node Orchestra Blue Earth CD released by BMOP/sound Our latest release brings one of our favorite bi-coastal collaborators to BMOP/sound. Composer Donald Crockett is tuned into the maze of rhythms, cycles, and energy that makes the natural world tick, and has an otherworldly talent at turning those nuances into orchestral music that bursts with vibrancy and motion. The disc opens with Wedge, inspired by surf off of Newport Beach, California, and full of the beautiful, fluid power of the ocean. Blue Earth frames the intimate eloquence of solo voices with the full-blown grandeur of a symphonic work, its inspiration the quiet intelligence of the interlocking ecosystems of our magnificent planet. Crockett hones in on a single, personal voice in his Viola Concerto, in which violist extraordinaire Kate Vincent swoops, glides, and races through a lively, playful soundscape. More information and track samples KUSC interview with audio clips Read more about Blue Earth CD released /.node American Academy of Arts and Letters citation Donald Crockett’s music dwells in a special realm of energetic grace, subtly nuanced emotional force, and sensuous melody. From the athleticism of Wedge for orchestra, the spirited dance rhythms of the septet Whistling in the Dark , the unabashedly erotic setting of Michael Ondaatje’s The Cinnamon Peeler , the inward musings of The Falcon’s Eye for guitar, to the psychological mysteries of his opera, The Face , Donald Crockett’s work engages both his players and his audiences with its compellingly sustained beauty. Read more about American Academy of Arts and Letters citation /.node Upcoming events New Music USA commission for SAKURA cello quintet | 2019/20 season premiere at Piatigorsky International Cello Festival Donald Crockett has received a commission from New Music USA to compose a major work for the outstanding young cello quintet, SAKURA, for the 2019/20 season.  The premiere will be on the closing concert of the Piatigorsky International Cello Festival, which is part of the Colburn Celebrity Series, in Disney Hall, Los Angeles on March 22, 2020.  Stay tuned for additional details!  Updates on the project also available at the New Music USA website. Read more about New Music USA commission for SAKURA cello quintet /.node Donald Crockett conducts Wyschnegradsky at Other Minds in San Francisco | June 16, 2019 Donald Crockett conducts microtonal music for multiple pianists (HOCKET - Sarah Gibson and Thomas Kotcheff - Vicki Ray and Steven Van Hauwaert) by Ivan Wyschnegradsky during the 2019 Other Minds Festival.  The US premieres of Cosmos and Ainsi Parlait Zarathoustra , after about 80 years, will be on June 16, Yerba Buena Center for the Arts, San Francisco. Read more about Donald Crockett conducts Wyschnegradsky at Other Minds in San Francisco /.node And the River with HOCKET and ACE at Aspen | June 22 - July 7, 2019 Donald Crockett returns for the opening weeks of the Aspen Music Festival to conduct his concerto for duo-pianists and chamber orchestra, And the River , with HOCKET and the Aspen Contemporary Ensemble (ACE). And the River is a co-commission with the Aspen Music Festival and School, Kaleidoscope Chamber Orchestra and the Oberlin Contemporary Ensemble.  Donald Crockett also conducts Sebastian Fagerlund's Octet Autumn Equinox , and works with ACE and the Aspen composition fellows in the preparation of their new pieces composed for ACE at the Festival. Read more about And the River with HOCKET and ACE at Aspen /.node Resident Composer at the Atlantic Music Festival | July 8 - 14, 2019 Donald Crockett returns to the Atlantic Music Festival  as a resident composer,  where he will teach composition students and coach performance fellows in his music. Colby College, Watertown, Maine.  July 8 - 14. Read more about Resident Composer at the Atlantic Music Festival /.node Bennington Chamber Music Conference | July 21-August 4, 2019 Donald Crockett returns to the Bennington Chamber Music Conference, in its 74th year, to work with Resident composers Allen Shawn, Scott Wheeler and Judith Shatin, composition fellows, faculty coaches and participants in this amazing chamber music summer camp.  He is also one of the commissioned composers for a new chamber work (together with Hannah Lash, Elizabeth Ogonek and Stephen Hartke) for the CMC's 75th Anniversary season in 2020.  July 21 - August 4, Bennington College, VT. Read more about Bennington Chamber Music Conference /.node More information about events /#content /#main Donald Crockett © 2012  |   donald.crockett@usc.edu /#page 