Home Menu Home Biography Releases Tour Dates Media EPK Contact Store Two New Releases On ZYX Peppercake Records Germany! November 29, 2018 Summer 2018 is awesome! July 29, 2018 Thank you... Tremblant International Blues Festival 2018  https://blues.tremblant.ca/   Music Mountain Blues 2018  http://musicmountain.ca/shows/ Smokin' Blues fest 2018  http://www.smokinbluesfest.ca/ Road To Stanfest Songwriter's Music Camp 2018 https://sherbrookevillage.novascotia.ca/learning-research/road-stanfest-songwriters-music-camp JOHN & NEIL'S ROCK 'N' ROLL POWER-DUO A HIT WITH AUDIENCES! September 12, 2017 John and drummer/singer Neil Robertson are packing a two man punch following another successful tour of Europe, plus a series of shows in nightclubs and festivals in Atlantic Canada. (Scroll down for some European power-duo concert reviews.) "We can play it all in this format: rock 'n' roll, blues, reggae, celtic and most all styles in between." The idea of the stripped down format was to offer more ease of travel and financial flexibility to festival and concert promoters. "But this has turned out to be a barrel of fun!", reports John. Fans are exclaiming, "It's hard to believe it's just two guys!" "Where does all that sound come from?" "But it's just the two of ya!" Says drummer Neil, "John and I have always built tunes around a strong groove, now with the duo we have so much room to play off each other. I really enjoy hearing every note, every frequency. It's an eye (and ear) opening experience and a ton of fun!" A simple non-technical explanation of John's guitar and bass combination : "This is NOT a new fang-dangled electronic looping kinda thing. All the music is performed in real time. I've been playing finger-style for years. I play the bass notes on guitar with my thumb and send a separate signal to an octave box. Octave boxes have been around since the days of Jimi Hendrix." "The octave box creates a separate bass signal from the bass strings on my electric guitar. I send that signal separately to a bass amp, just like a bass player would plug in to his/her amp. It's just that simple." This concept is nothing new. Look no further than awesome Juno award winning artists Monkey Junk and Steve Hill! Beautiful Guysborough! August 20, 2017 Gonna Be A Good One! July 5, 2017 Pumped For Power-Duo! June 15, 2017 BLUES-ROCK POWER-DUO A TRIUMPH IN EUROPE February 22, 2017 John Campbelljohn and drummer Neil Robertson returned from a successfull tour of Germany, Czeck Republic and Switzerland with a renewed sense of vim and vigor. John's blues-rock fingerstyle technique playing bass, rhythm and lead slide guitar to Neil's steady rocking, swinging, shuffling drum groove made for an irresistable musical match. "We are keen on '17!" Read the reviews... "John's Power-Duo live is pure joy! You can see the fun in this project. John's songs bloom rightly, because he and Neil give it the gas. John entertains his audience with whimsical anecdotes from his long music career but keeps it humble. Here are two full blooded musicians at work, which despite the many years on the road, still have fun playing live and this lust is absolutely contagious!" Michael Eckert, Ludwig's Live Concerts, Friedrichsdorf, Germany "I could hear the people talking. They see a two man band and say wow! John's guitar and bass together with Neil's drums make the fans absolutely high!" Thomas Hecht, The Laboratorium, Stuttgart, Germany "No need for a bass player for this highly skilled Canadian power blues duo...look no further, John's got it !" Florian Damm, Radio Okerwelle 104.6 Braunschweig, Germany "No question it was super....nothing left to wish for!" Harald Brueckel, Chabah Concerts, Kandern, Germany DOUBLE DOWN BLUES EUROPEAN TOUR 2016 August 27, 2016 John Campbelljohn and Neil Robertson return to Europe in the wake of their award winning CD release "Chin Up". See you in October! 10/7/2016 Dos Amigos, Oberbuchsiten CHF 10/8/2016 Spitalkeller, Offenburg DE 10/9/2016 dolder2, Feuerthalen CHF 10/10/2016 Free Project, Heitersheim DE 10/11/2016 Mehlsack, Emmendingen DE 10/12/2016 Chabah, Kandern DE 10.13.2016 Meisenfrei, Bremen DE 10.14.2016 Klubhaus, Ludwigsfelde DE 10.15.2016 Ludwigs, Friedrichsdorf DE 10.17.2016 Town Library Hall, Most CZ 10.18.2016 Barnaby’s Blues Bar, Braunschweig DE 10.19.2016 Downtown Bluesclub, Hamburg DE 10.20.2016 Franzis, Wetzlar DE 10.21.2016 Ratskelle, Garching DE 10.22.2016 Gewölbe, Haiming DE 10.23.2016 Jimmy's Cafe, Altdorf DE 10.24.2016 Kofferfabrik, Fürth DE 10.27.2016 Topos, Leverkusen DE 10.28.2016 Laboratorium, Stuttgart DE 10.29.2016 Der Adlerhof, Bad Soden DE John Campbelljohn Wins 2016 East Coast Music Awards Blues Album Of The Year! April 21, 2016 John Campbelljohn Nominated For 3 Maple Blues Awards November 6, 2015 2015 Album/Producer Of The Year "Chin Up" 2015 Songwriter Of The Year "Chin Up" 2015 Guitarist Of The Year Canada's National Blues Awards Honour Artists from Coast to Coast !!! Representing a diverse cross-section of the immeasurable talents of Canadian blues musicians, The Toronto Blues Society will be celebrating the 19th annual Maple Blues Awards by honouring nationally and internationally recognized Canadian blues artists from across the country on January 18th, 2016. Leading the way with nominations is Hamilton's Harrison Kennedy with five, followed by Ottawa’s MonkeyJunk and its members, The 24 th  Street Wailers and its members, and Toronto’s Samantha Martin & Delta Sugar with four nominations. Receiving three nominations each are Montreal’s Cécile Doo-Kingué and Steve Hill, Dartmouth’s  John Campbelljohn , Nanaimo’s David Gogo and members of Kitchener-Waterloo’s Soulstack. Quebec blues artists are well represented including nominations for Angel Forrest, Michael Jerome Browne, and Guy Bélanger to name a few. British Columbia’s thriving blues scene is represented with nominations for David Vest, Owen Owen Owen, Keith Picot and Kenny “Blues Boss” Wayne among others. Click here for more details - http://torontobluessociety.com/2015-maple-blues-awards-nominees/ John Campbelljohn Releases New Video "Meet My Maker" - dedicated to Stan Carew October 27, 2015 I'd come up with a guitar riff and chord progression one afternoon. The mood of the music felt dark and serious. I sent a demo to Stan and asked him if he could contribute a lyric. In typical fashion he'd come back to me by supper time with the original demo and a melody and lyric which he recorded at home. I played the mp3. It was dark alright. I was and still am in awe of Stan's ability to be so creative with words....but this tune was pretty dark for this Cape Breton raised Catholic boy. So I called my wife downstairs to have a listen. We talked. I played it for her. When it finished she looked at me and said, "Dark? What are you talking about? I'm a fan of the Walking Dead. I love it!" I've got to learn to lighten up. Thank you Stan. Rest in peace my friend. - John Campbelljohn John Campbelljohn raises the bar on his new release Chin Up September 4, 2015 For immediate release: John Campbelljohn raises the bar on his new CD Chin up! Since its release in March 2015, Chin Up, the newest offering from East Coast guitarist John Campbelljohn has been getting great international reviews from critics as well as continued placements on the !earshot national campus and community radio charts. Chin Up features 12 original tracks covering a myriad of topics and sub-genres all highlighting Campbelljohn’s prowess as a guitarist and vocalist.  From the up-beat opening number “The Mumble Boogie” the progressive blues sounds of “Meet My Maker”, the rocking blues track “Castaway”, and the folk blues based “How Stupid Is That”, Campbelljohn proves with each song why Blues Revue Magazine deemed him a “guitar-god-in-the-making”. Here's what the reviewers have to say: “Exuberance, energy and creativity make this a sure winner in the guitar-based singer-songwriter sweepstakes. If you don’t find this nifty little thing repeatedly jumping back into your CD player then you are living wrong.” - Blues Blast Magazine “On his new album Chin Up John Campbelljohn delivers a harder edge and it works wonders. To make this album more diverse he continues to find ways to re-invent the blues genre and baby it’s all good.” - John Emms Blues Reviews “The musicianship on this disc - from Campbelljohn as well as all the supporting players - is nothing short of dazzling, and even when he's spinning a yarn or telling a tale, you can see bits of your own life in the songs too, and that pulls us in even deeper. Chops galore delivering entertaining songs, Chin Up is perfect- I wouldn't change a note." - John Kereiff, Gonzo Online “A heads-up to all blues fans: Chin Up is a winner.” – Kerry Doole, New Canadian Music “John Campbelljohn has been riding the blues train for years now, and his latest whistle stop is a satisfying muscular set of tunes that balance out his strengths as a guitarslinger, singer and songwriter.” – Stephen Cooke, Halifax Herald “Fans of John Campbelljohn know what's coming, those who don't know what's coming will soon be fans.” – Justin Stone, Fatea Magazine Publicity Sarah French, Sarah French Publicity John Campbelljohn raises the bar on his new release Chin Up John Campbelljohn raises the bar on his new release Chin Up John Campbelljohn performs March 5, 2015 Thu, Mar 5 – Cape Breton blues legend, John Campbelljohn is in town for a big show coming up this Friday at Casino Nova Scotia, and to promote his latest album Chin Up. Your browser does not support frames.<a href="http://globalnews.ca/video/1865403/john-campbelljohn-performs">Click here to view the frameless video.</a>. Master slide guitarist and songwriter John Campbelljohn releases 'Chin Up' February 21, 2015 Multiple award winning East Coast blues guitarist John Campbelljohn is set to release his 12th album, titled Chin Up on March 10, 2015.   A master slide guitarist and songwriter, Campbelljohn hails from Cape Breton Island, Nova Scotia, and over the course of his four decade-long career has won or been nominated for countless music awards including Maple Blues Awards, East Coast Music Awards, Real Blues Awards, Music Nova Scotia Entertainer Of The Year, Blues Recording Of The Year & Musician Of The Year.   His newest release, Chin Up features 12 original tracks covering a myriad of topics and sub-genres all highlighting Campbelljohn’s prowess as a guitarist and vocalist.  From the up-beat opening number “The Mumble Boogie” the progressive blues sounds of “Meet My Maker”, the rocking blues track “Castaway”, and the folk blues based “How Stupid Is That”, Cambelljohn proves with each song why Blues Revue Magazine deemed him a “guitar-god-in-the-making”.   During his career John Cambelljohn has been featured on recordings and live shows that include names like Sting, Joni Mitchell, Emmy Lou Harris, Leonard Cohen, Joe Ely, Willie Nelson, Robben Ford & Alvin Lee (Ten Years After) as well as TV productions by Sony Music Entertainment. Rich vocals and distinctive slide guitar playing has made him a favourite at music festivals in eastern Canada & Europe.   John Campbelljohn’s sophisticated and progressive approach to song writing gives him a distinctive edge, mixing rock, blues, reggae, Celtic & country into his signature style. The result is a sound that can pummel the audience into submission one moment, while captivating them with its subtlety the next. Good Morning Mr. Blue Sky April 23, 2014 FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE: Halifax, NS, Canada -- "Good Morning Mr. Blue Sky" -- Hi folks. My good buddy CBC's Weekend Mornings host Stan Carew and I have written a song we think is pretty timely given the awful winter we had. We're very excited about this. Hope you like it. Featuring David Myles on trumpet. Click "Read more..." for more info and a link below to listen listen now! John Campbelljohn first got together with Stan Carew to write songs for Good To Go, East Coast Music Awards nominated... Pedal Steel, Slide & Dobro October 29, 2013 As much as I love doing my blues thing, another huge thrill is being a sideman on the pedal steel. Check out some steel and slide sounds below. https://www.facebook.com/CampbelljohnSOUND/app_2405167945 Dunlop Capo/Slide Converter saves me a lot of hassle... May 22, 2013 This little gem has been a big breakthrough for me carrying multiple guitars on the road. Strap it on your guitar neck and you have an instant, high action slide guitar or dobro styled "squareneck" guitar. For more information, click here. Click here for a Jim Dunlop interview with Capo/Slide Converter developer Ken Davidson. Celtic Blues Steps Up A Notch! May 22, 2013 Had a great week of gigs with awesome fiddler & fellow Cape Bretoner Dwayne Coté. Exciting things to come! Proud To Be Jim Dunlop Artist May 22, 2013 I'm very proud to have been recently added to the Jim Dunlup family of artists, alongside such greats as Billy Gibbons, Buddy Guy and Eddie Van Halen just to name a few. For more information click here. NEW RELEASE For European fans! September 25, 2012 The Land Of The Livin' "On the occasion of Canada’s exceptional Blues Artist John Campbelljohn's tour in September/October 2012 & Blues News, Germany's official Blues Magazine, proudly presents 25 selected tracks on a double CD. John celebrating his 40th On Stage anniversary with “Land Of The Livin”. Greek Interview for Blues.Gr April 4, 2012 John was recently asked by a Greek Blues Blog to answer a few questions. Check it out! http://blues.gr/profiles/blogs/an-interview-with-canadian-slide-guitarist-singer-john Oh Canada! April 3, 2012 On Wednesday, March 28, John did a special slide guitar performance of our national anthem for an enthusiastic Cape Breton crowd of hockey fans at Center 200 arena, Sydney, Nova Scotia. It was game 4 of the playoffs between the Cape Breton Screaming Eagles and St. John Seadogs. John's performance marked a pre-game tribute to the Cape Breton East Coast Music Awards nominees. Pics here - http://www.capebretonpost.com/Slideshow CBC East Coast Music with Bob Mersereau Music Review: John Campbelljohn - Celtic Blues Live In Hamburg September 26, 2011 With the news full of doom and gloom for the economy, I've picked up a recurring theme from the commentators. It's said Canada needs to lessen its reliance on our biggest trading partner by far, the U.S. With our economies so connected, we are hooked to a country that ain't exactly doing great these days. We need to strike up more trade with others that are doing well, such as China, Brazil, or Germany. Hey, some Maritime artists have been working that angle for awhile. Acadians have long been using the Moncton-Montreal-Paris pipeline to get overseas, touring all over Europe. Such New Brunswick acts as Lisa LeBlanc and Joseph Edgar are overseas right now, wowing the crowds. Cap Pele's Melanie Morgan is rockin' the TV screen each week, climbing further up the ladder on CBC-TV's Cover Me Canada contest, but when that is done, she and country singer Kevin Chase are headed to China, and Chase has already toured Germany of late. There are lots of other examples. Bands from all over the East Coast have been invited to tour everywhere from Ireland to Australia, many of these connections happening at industry events such as the ECMA's or Celtic Colours. Simply put, why beat your head trying to break into the U.S. market, when other countries are inviting you, helping you get sponsorship, and putting you on festival bills? Nova Scotia's Campbelljohn is one guy who knows this lesson well. He's been touring Germany for several years, and in fact is so popular there, he has a record deal in the country, and has discs come out there unique to that land, or before they are issued in Canada. This time, he's showing us why he's loved in Deutschland. Recorded with a loving club audience, Campbelljohn is in solo mode for this disc, proving his mastery at slide, mandolin, and fun. Mixing originals with classics, he slips back and forth between John the Maritimer on the road to John the veteran German traveller. His closing number in fact is called Autobahn John, a funny take on his speedy ways up and down the highways of his second home. But it's not like he's denying his heritage; lead track No Philosopher tackles a common problem here in the East Coast scene, which has often been dominated by Celtic music, or the "fiddle music" as you'll hear some complain. Campbelljohn sings "would it hurt your Celtic colours if I paint them blue sometime?" He, no doubt, has felt this more than others, coming from Cape Breton, and often being looked over in favour of the Scots-Irish tradition. Listening to this disc, I often forgot it was a live recording, as the quality of his playing was at times astounding. The audience politely waits until the end to whoop and applaud. I know some performers don't like the staid crowds they find overseas, but if you're making a live disc, it's a blessing. He's in Germany right now as a matter of fact, in the middle of a two-month string of dates. If he keeps playing like this, Cambelljohn may help lead the whole nation into an economic recovery, as Germany will be after all our musicians. NEW RELEASE for our European friends & fans, John Campbelljohn Band - Live In Nova Scotia available on ZYX Music / Pepper Cake Records! September 29, 2010 Click on Tour Dates & Facebook & see you soon! “The string magic of the front man fascinates!” Rolling Stone   “What applied to Neil Young or Joni Mitchell in former times, now applies to John Campbelljohn…an exceptionally gifted slide guitarist who plays at a level of Sonny Landreth or Ry Cooder.” Blues News, Germany   “A fabulous entertainer, who conducts a blues whistle-along, and tosses in a strain of Smoke On The Water just to see if everybody is listening. They were. They came, they whistled, and they roared, and Campbelljohn conquered.” Halifax Herald, Canada   "Campbelljohn is clever, inventive, powerful, entertaining, and unique...an artist who’s a rare gem." Blues Revue, USA REVIEWS Blues News Germany: Good To Go Once again John Campbelljohn proves that the quality of Canadian musicians establishing themselves abroad, is... Read More ... Blues News Norway: Good To Go ZYX Music / Pepper Cake Records - John Campbelljohn from Canada has received awards like “Blues Guitarist Of... Read More ... Blues Revue USA: Celtic Blues ISSUE #132 NOVEMBER/DECEMBER 2011 - Having recently seen John Campbelljohn’s strong band... Read More ... New Release Good to Go – ZYX / Pepper Cake Europe - May 15, 2009Canada/US - October 13, 2009John Campbelljohn – vocals,... Read More ... This project is supported by funding from the Province of Nova Scotia through Music Nova Scotia (MUSIC NOVA SCOTIA) under its Export Development Program for Music. Home Biography Releases Tour Dates Media EPK Contact Store © John Campbelljohn - All Rights Reserved 