Benjamin Guitars: Acoustic Guitars Handmade by Luthier Nick Benjamin BENJAMIN GUITARS Celebrating 25 years of guitar-making! Welcome to the newly updated and leaner website of Nick Benjamin - acoustic guitar-maker. about models options players ordering/prices Facebook As of June 2015, my waiting list is open again after two years of catching up with a large back-log of orders. Waiting time for new orders will be kept between two and three years from now on and the list will shut again if it looks like exceeding this. Summer 2015 marks 25 years since I started building my first guitar and the completion of my 150th instrument. Thanks to all the people who have used my guitars over that time!!   BENJAMIN GUITARS are made in a small workshop by me alone from start to finish at the rate of around 10 a year. My mission statement is to produce guitars designed to be used day-in-day-out by both professional performing musicians and keen amateur players. Adornment is kept to a minimum and time spent in voicing, adjustment and quality-control is therefore maximized. The design of BENJAMIN GUITARS has evolved over the years to suit the modern player's needs of; playability in a broad range of tunings and styles; even and stable amplified and recorded sound; a colourful, harmonically rich tone that responds musically and easily to enable you to concentrate on the music. All BENJAMIN GUITARS are sold direct so prices are not inflated to allow selling through dealers and VAT is also avoided. Most guitars are made to order. For day-to-day updates, thoughts etc; come and make friends on my Facebook page Here is a Gallery of some of my past work!   GUITAR-MAKING COURSES My first attempts at guitar-making, 25 years ago, involved a great book and lots of feeling my way and making mistakes; a start I will never regret; but when I met up with experienced makers who guided me through the next stages of learning to build to a professional standard I gained a huge leap in my understanding very quickly. I have tried to pass on help to other makers I have encountered or worked nearby to but at the moment I don't have space in my life, workshop (or brain!) to do any formal teaching. However, my good friend Richard Osborne who has worked in a neighbouring workshop to me for many years; someone I have talked over many ideas with through those years, is now relocated to a beautiful town in mid-Wales and is offering excellent month long courses. He is a very experienced teacher and I know that his courses are the equal to any in the world. Below; some tired but happy students with their finished guitars! www.osborneguitars.co.uk/courses/   about models options players ordering/prices Facebook   