Dischord Records: Dischord Records Bands Tours Stuff We Sell Media History About Fugazi Live navigation 0 items in cart nav_block Create Account | Login | Store Help | Shipping Info 0 Credits | My Account | Logout | Store Help | Shipping Info Looking down in Barcelona The Make Up @ Ziggy's by Brian Lowit The Evens by Pete Duvall Hammered Hulls S/T single out 8/9 07.16.19 On August 9th, Dischord will release the debut single by Hammered Hulls , a new D.C. band with Mark Cisneros (guitar), Alec MacKaye (vocals), Mary Timony (bass), and Chris Wilson (drums). It includes three songs that were recorded and mixed in one day at Inner Ear Studios in Arlington, VA with Ian MacKaye and Don Zientara. You can listen to the A-side, "Written Words," here and pre-order the record via our site our site and Bandcamp . Continue Reading » The Messthetics "Anthropocosmic Nest" LP out 9/6 07.10.19 On September 6th, The Messthetics -- Brendan Canty, Joe Lally, and Anthony Pirog -- will release their second full-length, Anthropocosmic Nest . Recorded throughout 2019, it includes 11 songs that more perfectly capture the trio’s current live dynamic, complete with improvisational tangents, abstract experimentation, and sprawl. The record is available for pre-order right now via our site and also via the Dischord Bandcamp page. The Messthetics are also currently on the road playing dates throughout New England, Canada, and the Mid Atlantic. Find more information and ticket links here . Continue Reading » J. Robbins' solo debut "Un-becoming" out 5/31 04.11.19 This spring, Dischord will release J. Robbins' first-ever solo LP, Un-becoming . J. has been the guitarist/singer and primary songwriter in several bands since the early ’90s, including Jawbox , Burning Airlines, Channels , and Office of Future Plans . For the bulk of that time, he has also been active as a recording engineer/producer, working with musicians from around the world at his Baltimore-based studio, The Magpie Cage . Un-Becoming came together in short bursts of activity spread out over the long stretch between 2016 and 2019. On 11 of the LP’s 12 songs, J. is joined by Pete Moffett on drums, Brooks Harlan on bass, and Gordon Withers on cello and guitar. The record is available for pre-order now on our site and also via the Dischord Bandcamp page. Continue Reading » Skip Groff (November 20, 1948 - February 18, 2019) 02.20.19 To say that that Dischord Records wouldn’t exist had it not been for Skip Groff isn’t really a stretch. It was Skip that took The Teen Idles to Inner Ear Studio back in 1980 to record what would become Dischord #1 and it was Skip, having gone through the process with his own Limp Record label, that walked us through the steps of getting a record pressed. The very fact that he had his own label was a huge inspiration to a bunch of DC kids who had no idea how the music industry worked or that the ability to create records would be within our reach. And it was Skip’s record shop, Yesterday and Today, that first sold our records and it was Skip’s trust in us and belief in the label that led him to lend us money to press records when we were completely broke. Making the trip to his shop became an instant ritual for young punk rockers like those of us who were discovering a new universe of music and culture in the late 70s and early 80s. Y&T blew our minds. The breadth of Skip’s knowledge about music, especially music from the 60s, was staggering and to this day I’ve never met any other person who, given a song title, was more able to name the artist, composer, producer, label, and year of release. He used to say that, while impressive, this talent didn’t really have much of a practical application outside of the record shop (for instance, try putting a fire out with that sort of information), but I don’t think it was merely a party trick. In my mind it something akin to proof of a higher power. Skip clearly sought and found joy in music and it was through the vernacular of music that he empowered so many to experience the same. Skip, we love you! - Ian, Jeff, and Dischord Records Continue Reading » Autoclave's S/T LP out 4/5 02.19.19 On April 5th, we will release Autoclave 's discography as a single LP for the first time ever. This 12” combines the band’s 7” and 10” singles as well as two extra demo tracks. The music has been remastered from the original tapes by TJ Lipple and cut for vinyl by Bob Weston at CMS. You can pre-order the record now via our website and Bandcamp page. Formed in 1990, Autoclave lasted for one year and played only a handful of shows. In 1991, the quartet released a three-song 7" on the "DisKord" label -- a joint effort between Dischord and Olympia, Washington's K Records. The band's second release was a posthumous 10" that came out via Billotte's label, Mira Records. Autoclave was Christina Billotte, Mary Timony, Nikki Chapman, and Melissa Berkoff. Continue Reading » Jawbox announce 2019 shows 01.14.19 This summer Jawbox -- J. Robbins, Kim Coletta, Bill Barbot, and Zach Barocas -- will reunite to perform a number of US tour dates. This will be the first time that the band has performed together since appearing on Late Night With Jimmy Fallon in 2009 and their first proper shows since 1997. The sets will draw from most of their discography with an emphasis on the Robbins/Coletta/Barbot/Barocas recordings, especially ​ For Your Own Special Sweetheart ​ and ​ Jawbox ​,​ albums which mark the peak of their creative and performative time together. You can find the complete itinerary at the band's website and also via our tours page. Continue Reading » TK Echo S/T EP out 1/25 01.10.19 TK Echo is a new band with Chris Richards ( Q and Not U ), Fiona Griffin (Et At It), Josh Blair (Supersystem), and Aaron Leitko (Protect-U). We are helping them to release their debut 3 song digital EP on 1/25. You can pre-order the tracks and hear the song "Fade My Mind" via our Bandcamp page. Continue Reading » The Messthetics announce UK/EU tour dates 11.20.18 Early next year, The Messthetics will head to the UK and Europe for two weeks of dates. In March, the band will travel to Knoxville, TN to perform as part of the Big Ears Festival . A complete list of the band's forthcoming shows is available here . Continue Reading » The Messthetics on tour with Clutch in December 10.09.18 This winter, The Messthetics will join Clutch for a week's worth of dates in the Northeast. You can find the complete list of shows via our tours page. The band also recently performed three songs as part of NPR's Tiny Desk Concert series, which can be streamed here . The Messthetics are Brendan Canty, Joe Lally, and Anthony Pirog. Continue Reading » News Archive Upcoming Shows the EFFECTS <span class="status">CANCELLED!</span> Comet Ping Pong Washington , DC 07.23.19 Jawbox <span class="status">CANCELLED!</span> First Avenue Minneapolis , MN 07.26.19 Hammered Hulls <span class="status">CANCELLED!</span> Metro Gallery Baltimore , MD 08.28.19 Featured Releases 189 Messthetics Anthropocosmic Nest 188 Hammered Hulls S/T 187 J. Robbins Un-becoming 108 Autoclave S/T BK06 Bikini Kill Pussy Whipped BK09 Bikini Kill Reject All American TK01 TK Echo S/T 185.5 Red Hare Little Acts of Destruction 186 Messthetics The Messthetics BK10 Bikini Kill The Singles 046 Shudder To Think Ten Spot 185 the EFFECTS Eyes to the Light RE004 Chain and the Gang Experimental Music 181 Fugazi First Demo   Subscribe to our Newsletter About Dischord Records Dischord Records was created in 1980 to document the music coming out of the Washington, D.C. punk community. The label has put out the work of over 60 bands, and has distributed hundreds of other releases connected to the D.C. area. We will continue our work as long as this community continues to create music that speaks to us. Thanks. Contact For questions about orders, please write to: For general information please write to: Stores, we deal direct! Contact us at: For press and radio contact: Please go here for a list of our reissued LPs: LP Reissues Please go here for a list of our remastered CDs: CD Remasters Please go here to find Dischord T-shirts: Pedestrian Press Dischord Records 3819 Beecher St. NW Washington , DC 20007-1802 U.S.A. 703.351.7507 ©2019 Dischord Records Privacy Policy Acknowledgements 