Clark Mandolins, Made in the USA | Boise, ID css nav Home Instruments F5 Mandolins Octave Mandolins Mandolin Family JM 5 String Guitars Order Shop Tour Clips and Bites News and Events Contact css nav home_5_im_none ADD CUSTOM BLOCK Built by Hand in the USA. Testimonials At Clark Mandolins, I believe the definition of craftsmanship includes great design, artistry, and execution.  I take great pride in creating each instrument with care and skill to produce mandolins and guitars that are both visually attractive and sound their best. As a full-time, one-man shop based in Boise, Idaho, I have spent more than 10 years building and repairing mandolins and guitars. Using the finest quality wood, materials and traditional building methods, I strive to build a fine handcrafted instrument that will give the professional musician an instrument with the power, dynamics and tone that they need and want. Additionally, it will give the hobbyist an heirloom quality instrument with the playability needed to inspire their musical development. -Austin Clark  Using traditional methods of construction, my American-made mandolins feature high-quality wood chosen carefully for optimal sound and visual beauty. Each instrument comes with a number of standard features and is fully customizable to your tastes and unique needs. Instruments Find out how to order your own custom-made mandolin or guitar.  Materials and workmanship are guaranteed for my working lifetime. Order and Pricing Take a look at the different styles of mandolins offered. In addition to having a great-sounding instrument, you get an elegant work of visual art. Shop Tour ADD CUSTOM BLOCK END END-OF home_5_im_none FOOTER BLOCK Clark Fine Handcrafted Instruments Navigation Links Home Instruments Order Shop Tour Clips and Bites News and Events Contact Business Address Boise ID 83704 Business Contact Phone:   208-342-4396 WSP_COPYRIGHT Copyright ©  2013   Web Site Design  by Web.com Group, Inc. /WSP_COPYRIGHT END-OF FOOTER BLOCK WSP_SC /WSP_SC 