The Concord Band - Home Page The Concord Band A Symphonic Concert Band Box 302, Concord, MA 01742 Tel: 978-897-9969 Home Page 2019-20 Schedule Contact Information Contributions Newsletter Info Link Discography Concert Videos Program Notes Biographical Sketches Scrapbook Web Links About the Band Band Organization Band Roster For Band Members Only Privacy Policy Check out our facebook and pages, too! About Parking Note that Tuttle's Livery, next door to 51 Walden , is private property. Please do not park there. There is a large municpal lot located behind the Post Office. Higher-resolution PNG (1 MB) Higher-resolution JPG (498 kB) Our thanks to Middlesex Savings Bank 60th season sponsor The Concord Band, founded in 1959, is a 65-member community band located in Concord, MA. James O'Dell is the Music Director, and Steven Barbas is the Assistant Conductor. Recipient of the 2013 Sudler Silver Scroll Award , Amerca’s most prestigious award for community concert bands. Read about it on the Concord Band Blog . Welcome to our 60 th season! We have a terrific schedule of concerts. Please browse our extensive collection of on-line information. Click here to subscribe or unsubscribe to our newsletter. Upcoming Events 2019 Boston Harbor Yacht Club Concert – Sunday, July 21 , 2:00 pm Boston Harbor Yacht Club, Boston, MA. The theme this week is A Summer Retrospective Program Emblazoned Joy Roger Cichy National Anthem Francis Scott Key Colonel Bogey March Kenneth J. Alford Themes Like Old Times arr. Warren Barker Blue Moon Richard Rodgers & Lorenz Hart Best Broadway Marches arr. James Christiansen Main Street Celebration Steven Reineke The Pink Panther Henry Mancini Selections from “Cats” Andrew Lloyd Webber Sinatra! arr. Stephen Bulla Armed Forces Salute arr. Bob Lowden The Stars and Stripes Forever John Philip Sousa 2019 Fruitlands Summer Concert Series – Thursday, July 25 , 7:15 pm Fruitlands Museum , Harvard MA. The theme this week is A Summer Retrospective Program Emblazoned Joy Roger Cichy National Anthem Francis Scott Key Colonel Bogey March Kenneth J. Alford Themes Like Old Times arr. Warren Barker Blue Moon Richard Rodgers & Lorenz Hart Best Broadway Marches arr. James Christiansen Main Street Celebration Steven Reineke The Pink Panther Henry Mancini Selections from “Cats” Andrew Lloyd Webber Sinatra! arr. Stephen Bulla The Stars and Stripes Forever John Philip Sousa Looking for Substitute Players The Concord Band is looking for musicians who would be willing to be on our “call list” to fill in for absences in rehearsals or performances. If you'd like to play with us or know someone who might, please get in touch with either Jim O’Dell, CBA Director or Dave Tweed, CBA Personnel or leave a message on the band’s answering machine at 978-897-9969. We'll need your contact information, the instrument(s) you play, and a brief synopsis of your background. The Concord Band on TV Since 2008, some of our concerts have been recorded and made available by Concord-Carlisle TV. See our Concert Videos page. The Concord Band at 51 Walden on May 19, 2014 Contents Concert Schedule. Mark your calendars now! Our Scrapbook. Pictures and other notes from past events. Notes from The Concord Band our newsletter Fall 2015 issue Back issues Join our Mailing List and receive your own free subscription! The Concord Band Salutes America Our third CD, released in 2004. Call to get your copy! Contribute to the Band. We appreciate both your financial support and your volunteer time. Biographical Sketches. Musical directors, guest conductors, guest artists, and soloists. Program Notes. Selected band literature. Web Links. Selected web sites. About the Band. What we are, historical notes. Who is in the Concord Band? Your neighbors! For Band Members Only. Information for band members, schedule of rehearsals. This page last updated: 2019/7/19 David Tweed, webmaster © Copyright 1995-2019 The Concord Band Association. 