Irish Traditional Music and Dance Ensemble Main Wrappe Header Primary Navigation Home About Band Tour Symphony Contact Mailing List Media Tech Reviews Primary Navigation Home About Band Tour Symphony Contact Mailing List Media Tech Reviews Header End Primary Content Article Wrapper Article Entry Wrapper 04 11, 2018 .entry-date Entry Content HEART OF THE HOME OUT NOW! By admin | November 4, 2018 | Uncategorized | 0 comments Our 17th release, Heart of the Home is now available at CDbaby.com, Amazon, iTunes and more! Here’s the link to purchase! https://store.cdbaby.com/cd/cherishtheladies6 Entry Content End Article Entry Wrapper End Article Wrapper End Article Wrapper Article Entry Wrapper 27 09, 2018 .entry-date Entry Content Cherish the Ladies with Nathan Carter – “Heart of the Home” By admin | September 27, 2018 | Uncategorized | 0 comments The new single and title track from Cherish the Ladies new album, “Heart of the Home” featuring Ireland’s leading entertainer, Nathan Carter!  Available for download on iTunes, Amazon and CDBaby.com PLEASE SHARE! Entry Content End Article Entry Wrapper End Article Wrapper End Article Wrapper Article Entry Wrapper 17 08, 2018 .entry-date Entry Content IRELAND TOUR By admin | August 17, 2018 | Uncategorized | 0 comments We’re thrilled to be launching our new album, “Heart of the Home” in Ireland. We’re performing 14 concerts criss-crossing the county while sharing the stage with incredible guest artists! We hope to catch you in our travels! Click on the heading IRELAND TOUR for more information. Entry Content End Article Entry Wrapper End Article Wrapper End Article Wrapper Article Entry Wrapper 01 03, 2018 .entry-date Entry Content MARCH, 2018 – New Album “Heart of the Home” By admin | March 1, 2018 | Uncategorized | 0 comments We’re out on our annual February / March tour and very excited to announce the release of our brand new album, “Heart of the Home” coinciding with the tour. Recorded in Miltown Malbay, County Clare, the album incorporates 63 minutes and 14 tracks of traditional Irish music with special guests Nollaig Casey (fiddle), Donnchadgh Gough (bodhrán) and Trevor Hutchinson (bass). It also features stellar songs from guest singers Kate Purcell, Don Stiffe, Nathan Carter, The Ennis Sisters and Molly O’Riordan. Entry Content End Article Entry Wrapper End Article Wrapper End Article Wrapper Article Entry Wrapper 05 12, 2017 .entry-date Entry Content Christmas Tour is Here!!! By admin | December 5, 2017 | Uncategorized | 0 comments We’re hitting 21 cities with our Celtic Christmas program with many of the shows selling out!!! Hope you join us if we’re anywhere near you! Entry Content End Article Entry Wrapper End Article Wrapper End Article Wrapper Article Entry Wrapper 21 06, 2017 .entry-date Entry Content Welcome to our Site! By admin | June 21, 2017 | Uncategorized | 0 comments Thanks so much for taking the time to visit our website! After an extremely busy past few months that saw us performing 74 shows in a few months traveling from Japan to Alaska and across the USA, we are taking the month of June off to spend time at home with our families and loved ones. Our break is fast coming to an end as we’ll be hitting the road in July with visits to the Catskills Irish Arts Week, The Cleveland Irish Festival and dates up in New England. August will see us heading for Ireland and the fall to China! Looking forward to meeting all of our fans soon and thanks for your continued support! Joanie Madden Entry Content End Article Entry Wrapper End Article Wrapper End Content End Primary End Container End Main Wrapper End Page End Footer Wrapper Footer Start design by www.ogmediagroup.com Footer End Footer Wrapper End Main Wrapper End 