Online Violin Sales, Anthony Nickolds Violins, Birmingham, Midlands, UK Connect & follow View Basket Home Repair & Restoration Handcrafted Instruments Valuations Rentals Contact us Shop Online My Account Order Status Check Out Anthony Nickolds ... Wide Stock Range ... Violin Maker ... Showroom ... LARGE SHOWROOM  - Visit Us WIDE RANGE OF STOCK - Call Now Products Accessories Bows » Antique Bows » Arcos Brazilian bows » Coda carbon fibre bows » Dorfler Bows » Erich Steiner or Johann Scheider » L archet Brazilian Bows » Marco Raposo Bows » Sousa Brazilian bows Cases » Cello Cases » Viola Cases » Violin Cases Featured products Instruments » Antique violins » Cellos » Student Intermediate and Advancing Violins » Violas Rosin Shoulder Rests Strings Violin Making Supplies » Luthier Tools » Tailpieces and String Adjusters » Violin making wood Violin Varnish Purfling Pearl Hide Glue » Violin Viola and Cello Fittings   Your Cart   Shopping cart 0 Product(s) in cart Discounts £0.00 Total £0.00 » Checkout   Featured Products   001 Everest shoulder rest 002 Viva La Musica Coloured shoulder rest Pirastro Goldflex Rosin    Anthony Nickolds UK based online violin sales, where good service, pride in our work and value for money go hand in hand. Here you will find a range of student violins, old violins, violin bows and a range of violin, viola, cello strings and all accessories from violin cases to shoulder rests, mutes, chin rests, rosin, stands and many more accessories to compliment your violin, viola, and cello. Advice from our online violin sales store is given freely on all aspects of violin care and maintenance from bow re-hairs, peg slipping to stopping cracks in your violin. As an up-to-date business we are committed to online violin sales in the UK, also we want to give you the opportunity to stay in touch with us, and up to date with the products we have available, be it by; phone or on the Internet. The emphasis of this site is on showing you what is available when you are looking. Also if you are not familiar with what we can offer and your first contact with us is with our online violin sales store here in the UK, we will be delighted to hear from you!     Best Sellers   12 Purfling French Aubert Bridges violin varnish oil   CONTACT ANTHONY NICKOLDS VIOLINS 29 - 30, High Street Wall Heath Kingswinford West Midlands DY6 0HB UK T: 01384 277866 E: sales@anthonynickoldsviolins.co.uk IP Address: 88.226.120.107 Buy Online Shop Online My Account Order Status Checkout About Anthony Nickolds Anthony Nickolds is on the West Midland / Staffordshire border in England. He has been a violin maker and repairer since 1981, gaining respect and a reputation for providing outstanding violins, violas and cellos, very good quality older violins all completely overhauled, prompt service and advice, ever since. Anthony does freelance quality repair work for some of the most respected violin dealers in Britain. He also supplies these dealers with instruments made by him that are set up and adjusted to the highest standards to give their best from the very beginning of their musical life, these instruments are gaining a world wide reputation with musicians coming from as far as Singapore to collect these hand made violins and violas. All of his instruments are very competitively priced for students wishing to progress to music college, each one giving a warm / rounded and even tone. Advice is given freely on all aspects of stringed instruments from strings to restorations if you feel he can be of any help you are invited to contact him via phone or e-mail . Copyright © for Anthony Nickolds Violins Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions 