Piano Refinishing - Amadeus Piano Company Skip to content #menu-toggle Piano refinishing, restoration and moving Services by Amadeus Piano Co., Inc. - specializing in custom piano restoration, refinishing and design .site-title-wrapper Home About Us Latest in the Industry Contact Us FAQ Portfolio Gallery #site-navigation Piano Restoration is all Custom- To make a piano truly yours for generations, we help interpret precise depth of color and sheen, the exact feel and response of your dream piano.  From Piano Moving in our PianoLimo to the piano refinishing process and even the accredited piano tuner NYC and around the country, we spoil our customers in world-class service and quality. Get Involved and enjoy your piano #masthead .featured-image Piano Estimate and Appraisal Services Before you accept the piano and spend to have it moved, it makes all the sense to have an expert estimate performed to get the full picture of cost of maintenance and repairs and value Schedule an Appointment Piano Restoration For generations, our craft is passed on and perfected.  We are the purveyors of the art of piano restoration.  We take our clients on a journey through history of piano design to reveal the secrets of piano design and help restore the original sound from a piano damaged by years of abuse and neglect, sometimes flooding and fire damage. Learn More Piano Moving and Storage We take care of your piano like it is ours at our climate controlled piano storage facilities and have made many investments to make sure that in our PianoLimo , every piano travels in climate control, accompanied by a professional piano technician. State of the art equipment including robotic stair climbing machines make the impossible safe and cost effective. see the PianoLimo For three generations, it is a pleasure to help bring music to so many homes, recording studios and concert halls. The work we do to restore a piano is very difficult and only a handfull of people left in the world really know how to bring back the original sound of an antique piano. -For generations we collect rare antique investment pianos, to be able to stock the aged soundboard wood and hardwoods to make shims and restore our clients' pianos. Our restoration work comes with twice the warranty of any new piano manufacturer Reach out to us We are here to help with advice on piano maintenance and values. All types of vintage piano parts , including mechanism, case and structural components are probably in stock.  We also have benches tools and all accessories to help you enjoy your instrument to the max. Looking for a piano? Browse pianos for sale by owner and visit our exclusive rare antique piano collection contact us .page-content #post-## #main #primary #content Follow Us Contact Us Email info@amadeuspianos.com Phone (800)338-8637 Address 136 Remington Blvd., Ronkonkoma, NY 11779 Join Our Newsletter Sign up to receive timely, useful information in your inbox. Email * .site-footer-inner #colophon Copyright © 2019 Piano Services by Amadeus Piano Co., Inc. — Velux WordPress theme by GoDaddy .site-info-inner .site-info .site-info-wrapper #page 