 Menu Skip to content Home Founders Phil Woods Rick Chamberlain Faculty Dr. Matt Vashlishan – Woodwinds Sam Burtis – Brass Skip Wilkins – Piano Spencer Reed – Guitar Paul Rostock – Bass Bill Goodwin – Drums Pat Dorian – Senior Education Consultant Master Classes Dr. Sherrie Maricle – Rhythm in Jazz Improvisation David Liebman – Transcription Caris Visentin Liebman – Ear Training John Ballantyne – Composition Dr. Matt Vashlishan – Al Cohn Memorial Jazz Collection at ESU Najwa Parkins – Performance Kent Heckman – Red Rock Recording CampJam 2019 Schedule Info Contact Us Housing Scholarships Search for: #masthead CampJazz 2019 was a great success! Click here  for photos. Click here for our studio recordings. Share your talent with the local community Join the CampJazz family Record at Red Rock Recording Immerse yourself in local jazz history Learn from a world-class faculty Jam in a world-famous jazz club Take hands-on master classes daily COTA Camp Jazz embraces all instrumental and vocal learners age 12 and up. Applicants can apply at the beginner, intermediate, or advanced level. Every day, campers will receive focused instruction as they rehearse in combos and study improvisation, theory, ear-training, history and more. Campers also have the option to participate in jam sessions, take private lessons, and choose from a variety of special electives such as composition, arranging, technology, and music business. Throughout the week, our world-class faculty and special guests will be presenting master classes and offering in-depth Q & A’s on “all things jazz.” Camp Jazz culminates on Saturday with each combo recording at the renowned Red Rock Recording Studio, followed by our “COTA Camp Jazz Presents” performance, featuring all camp combos and special guests. Faculty:   Sam Burtis – Trumpet, Trombone; Dr. Matt Vashlishan – Saxophone, Clarinet, Flute; Skip Wilkins – Piano and Voice; Spencer Reed – Guitar; Paul Rostock – Bass; Bill Goodwin – Drums; Kent Heckman – Red Rock Recording; Pat Dorian – Senior Education Consultant Master Classes: Dr. Sherrie Maricle (Rhythm and style in improvisation); David Liebman (Transcription); Caris Visentin Liebman (Ear Training); Jon Ballantyne (Composition); Dr. Matt Vashlishan (Al Cohn Memorial Jazz Collection); Najwa Parkins (Performance); Kent Heckman (Red Rock Recording Studio). Historic Delaware Water Gap, PA Campus: Presbyterian Church of the Mountain, The Deer Head Inn (the oldest continuously running jazz club in the country), The Castle Inn, Red Rock Recording Studio, The Al Cohn Memorial Jazz Collection at East Stroudsburg University’s Kemp Library CampJazz tuition is $750 .  Refer a friend or register multiple family members for a $50 discount. Click here to register for the 2018 camp. Housing is available at East Stroudsburg University for CampJazz students who live too far to commute daily. The cost for room and board (breakfast and dinner included) is $500. CLICK HERE FOR MORE INFO Scholarships are available. Send an inquiry to scholarship_info@campjazz.org for more information. Support Camp Jazz with a tax-deductible contribution:  Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to share on Telegram (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Share on Skype (Opens in new window) .entry-content .entry-meta #post #comments .comments-area #content #primary #main .wrapper Proudly powered by WordPress .site-info #colophon #page 