Welcome To Chattan Luthiery    Home Contact Euan Feedback Photos Items For Sale My Videos Work In Progress Repair Services Login Welcome To Chattan Luthiery  NEWS:   My name is Euan F Cattanach and I work out of Aberfeldy in Perthshire, Scotland making stringed instruments and have done so for the last 12 years. I was born in the sticks where I learned to make things, mend things if busted and fix things if broken, financially as well as literally as in those days living in the country you had to fix most everything at home yourself as there were no tradesmen to do it for you   So my skills were many and varied. One of these skills was wood working. My father had a good workshop and made everything from horse carts, farm gates to fine furniture. He had a great set of tools inherited from my grandfather and I was allowed and encouraged to use them which I did so to get where I wanted to be in this tale. When I wanted a good mandolin and could not afford a Stephan Sobell in Hexhamshire or a Foley from Ireland out came the old tools and skills and I made one for myself. I showed it to a semi pro player and he asked to buy it. I sold it, made another, hey ho then another and that has now developed into Chattan Luthiery.   Now these instruments include flat back mandolins in the style of Foley in Ireland, square neck resonator guitars like Scheerhorns USA, open back banjos Old Time Clawhammer style with arch or flat tops and like all my instruments I can now make banjo rims very accurately and in any good tonewood. I have had a very good toolmaker and engineer help me design a special rim press which allows me a huge choice in rim making wood. I must say however as these instruments are hand crafted no two will be the same, the only thing that will be the same is the care and workmanship that goes into each and every one that I build. Any parts I do not make will be top end products, banjo bits, tone rings, resonator cones, tuners, metal tail pieces etc and will be what I think is the best quality materials. There you have it, I can build by commission or you can call me to discuss. I may have what you want ready made. Thank you for taking time to read my page.   Euan F Cattanach   ©Chattan Luthiery - Date Last Updated : Tuesday, March 19, 2019     