acousticmusic.com Home Page MENU Home Venues Performer Links CD Reviews Dave's Page Menu Main Container Main Container Head   AcousticMusic.com: It's all about the music! Main Container Content Begin TranslateThis Button Translate End TranslateThis Button Rest in Peace, Tony Bird. Chuck Brodsky: Couldn't Do What Daddy Done Mike Farris: MercyNow written by Mary Gauthier Holly Near: I Ain't Afraid Chuck Brodsky: Couldn't Do What Daddy Done Bruce Cockburn: States I'm In Marl Erelli: By Degrees Buffy Sainte-Marie: Little Wheel Spin and Spin by singer/songwriter/multi-instrumentalist Gris-de-Lin BettySoo "Things are Going to Get Worse" Down By the Riverside from Playing For Change on Vimeo . Senator Whoever by Eric Schwartz from Eric Schwartz on Vimeo . James McMurtry "Ain't Got A Place" <br /><br /><iframe width="640" height="480" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/RfCKwpJaTmQ" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen> We work to promote Acoustic Music Performers, Recordings and Venues online. Changes take place here daily, or even hourly. So come on in and check us out! I have moved the political stuff back to my personal web page on this site. What Can You Expect to Find Here? Links to Acoustic Music Venues' Home Pages Venue operators send email to learn how to get a link to your web site. Links to Performers' Home Pages Performers send email to learn how to get a link to your web site. The Folk & Acoustic Music Exchange: Reviews of Folk and Acoustic recordings Subscribe to FAME New Reviews Updates Links to Other Acoustic Music Resources A Link to David's Home Page with Links to information of interest to him including musical resources , links to environmental groups and, in this time of governmental insanity, links to the US Senate, US House of Representatives and The White House to help us all make our opinions heard in Washington. Our opinions are, after all, every bit as valid as those screaming from inside the Beltway these days. There is also a link to Thomas , the online legislation retrieval system of the Library of Congress . Begin Search Google Search the Web Search www.acousticmusic.com Website design by David N. Pyles DNPyles@acousticmusic.com acousticmusic.com Made with HTML-Kit Tools Pages have been checked with Firefox used to check links WEBBOT bot="HTMLMarkup" startspan ALT="Site Meter" Copyright (c)2002 Site Meter WEBBOT bot="HTMLMarkup" Endspan 