Baltimore Mandolin Orchestra - Baltimore's Other Orchestra contact | sitemap Home » About the Orchestra » The orchestra today Rehearsals Players BMO ensembles and soloists Mando for Kids History of the BMO Mandolin lessons How to join the BMO Concerts » Current concert schedule Past Performances BMO News Gallery Booking the orchestra Store » CDs History booklet BMO logo lapel pin Join our mailing list Contact us Members only (These photos of the orchestra and others can be viewed on our "Gallery" page) Next public BMO concert:      The BMO doesn't perform during the summer.  Our next scheduled public conert will be on Sunday, October 20, 2019, at 3:00 p.m., at the First Baptist Church in York, PA.  The address is 3375 Druck Valley Road.      Check our website from time to time to see if we've added any new concerts.  Speaking of which, if your church or other organization are interested in having the BMO perform, please contact us.  We are booking now for the 2019-2020 season and beyond.  Click on "Booking the orchestra" over on the left.    We're always looking for players to join our orchestra.  If what you see here sparks your interest, please check us out.  We are especially looking for mandolin and mandola players at the present time.  If you play any of our instruments - or would like to learn how to play - please click on "How to join the BMO" on the left.  We also have instruments to loan.  We'd love to hear from you! Welcome The Baltimore Mandolin Orchestra, under the direction of Mark Linkins, is a Baltimore, Maryland-based ensemble of mandolins, mandolas, mandocellos, mandobasses, and classical guitars. We play an eclectic mix of classical music, marches, rags, show tunes, and a variety of other traditional compositions and arrangements for mandolin orchestra.  Please explore our site and find out more about us! Like us on Facebook   https://www.facebook.com/TheBaltimoreMandolinOrchestra/ Check out our YouTube channel    https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCF3Vf0xsOe_qPYXzEo9xlrQ © 2005-2019 Baltimore Mandolin Orchestra. All rights reserved. Website design by Great Point Designs 