The Eelgrinders Home Page Discography Buy CDs Bookings Contact Us end of div id="toc" The Eelgrinders end of div id="general" end of div id="gen_1 The Eelgrinders sound melds together elements of classical, traditional and jazz - it moves with grace and style and is like nothing else. Eelgrinders music is delivered with sparkling virtuosity on border pipes, whistles, trumpet, accordion, fiddle, and percussion. end of div id="gen_2 The Eelgrinders are :- David Faulkner : English bagpipes, whistles, trumpet Lawrence Morgan-Anstee : English bagpipes, whistles Helena Torpy : Violin, percussion, voice Steve Turner : Accordion end of div id="lineup" Latest CD Release More Tunes About Baggage And Hills EELCD07 The new duo CD by David Faulkner and Steve Turner, available from April 2017. A collection of mostly traditional English and Border music, with some contemporary original tunes, arranged for bagpipes and accordion. Music from yesterday and today - melodies that are contrasting, dramatic, playful and alive, sometimes predictable and sometimes surprising. Downloads of pdf music scores for all tracks are available here . Download of CD cover picture is available here . end of div id="div_latest" Eel Grinders Discography Click on a CD for a tracklist and to listen to MP3 track extracts start of table id="cd-table" Aquamarine EELCD01 Rich, uplifting and powerful music combining the clear harmonies of English bagpipes together with the interlacing rhythms of violin, accordion and percussion. "european roots empowered by the heart of Albion" - English Dance & Song "fine arrangements of their own compositions provide arresting sounds. Excellent musicianship" - Folk Roots "this is one hell of an album" - Folk On Tap Voyage EELCD02 A richly varied musical landscape of contrasting textures and interweaving melodies. "well thought out, brilliantly arranged and the musicianship is superb, highly recommended" - English Dance & Song "listen to this and be amazed" - Taplas "formidable" - Trad Magazine (France) English and Border Music for Pipes EELCD03 A duet CD of traditional English and Border music arranged for bagpipes and accordion by David Faulkner and Steve Turner. Exciting pipe music spanning four centuries, much of it previously unrecorded, encompassing dance tunes, slow airs and sets of variations. "a dynamic and innately responsive approach to the music" - Living Tradition "full of beauty, creativity and thoughtfulness" - Common Stock "The playing is lovely and the two musicians imaginative and sympathetic to the music and each other. This is music with an old,inclusive soul ... totally engrossing" - Eliza Carthy sideways air EELCD04 The debut CD by duo Helena Torpy and Steve Turner. A finely crafted album of fiddle and accordion music, evocative often slow moving pieces with a rich full sound and resonant harmonies. A collection of beautiful tunes both original and traditional, perfect listening for a winter’s evening by the fire or for a relaxing summer’s day. "expressive and fluid and hugely enjoyable .. rich resonant harmonies and constant fullness of sound which belies the presence of just the two instruments ... very very sweet, a CD to savour." - Living Tradition "a finely balanced collection of traditional and self composed tunes ... a relaxing yet stimulating listen" - fRoots "quintessentially English, elegant, eccentric: musical etiquette at its grandest" - Karen Tweed Magnify EELCD05 The second duo CD by Helena Torpy and Steve Turner. A second finely balanced collection of instrumental duets on fiddle, accordion and harmonic overtone flute. Traditional and original tunes, played so that each piece becomes like a musical three dimensional structure - a world of its own, magnified. Cosmos EELCD06 The third duo CD by Helena Torpy and Steve Turner, available from December 2016. With this our latest CD, the emphasis is on our own dance tunes, particularly waltzes in various times and mazurkas. Delicious original instrumental duets, played on fiddle, accordion and harmonic overtone flute. More Tunes About Baggage And Hills EELCD07 The second duo CD by David Faulkner and Steve Turner, available from April 2017. A collection of mostly traditional English and Border music, with some contemporary original tunes, arranged for bagpipes and accordion. Music from yesterday and today - melodies that are contrasting, dramatic, playful and alive, sometimes predictable and sometimes surprising. Downloads of pdf music scores for all tracks are available here . Download of CD cover picture is available here . end of table id="cd-table" end of div id="div_recordings" Buy Eelgrinders CDs All CDs are available by mail order at a price of £12 (14€) each including p&p. Payment can be made by PayPal for non-UK customers. Please email the Eelgrinders to make an order : david@eelgrinders.co.uk end of div id="div_purchase" Booking The Eel Grinders David Faulkner Lawrence Morgan-Anstee Steve Turner Helena Torpy end of div id="individual" Concerts The Eelgrinders exciting concert programme mixes new and traditional music played on traditional and modern instruments, reflecting the diversity of the British musical landscape. Expect elements of classical, traditional and jazz, with richly textured arrangements and sumptuous and powerful harmonies executed with a sparkling virtuosity. Dances With many years experience playing for dance, the Eelgrinders specialise in both British and European traditions. David Faulkner calls dances for the Eelgrinders, or we can work with a caller of your choice. Workshops The Eelgrinders teach traditional French Dance workshops - with the stylish dance variations from the Morvan region a speciality. Also individual instrument and group music workshops, technique, repertoire and group work. end of div id="div_bookings" Contact Us Contact the Eelgrinders at david@eelgrinders.co.uk You can also contact the other individual band members using the same eelgrinders email address, ie steve@...., helena@.... or lawrence@.... end of div id="div_contacts" Top of page end of div id="footer" 