CDA Symphony Menu Home Get Tickets Season Lineup Shop For Tickets Concert Location Ticket Sales Terms & Conditions About Us About Us The Conductors The Musicians Support Donate Now Volunteer Become a Sponsor Fred Meyer Community Rewards Shop at Amazon Smile Our Partners Auditions Young Artists Information Apply Online Winners Melody Contest News Contact Us .fl-page-header-fixed Phone: 208-765-3833 Email: info@cdasymphony.org Facebook Twitter Youtube Instagram Menu Home Get Tickets Season Lineup Shop For Tickets Concert Location Ticket Sales Terms & Conditions About Us About Us The Conductors The Musicians Support Donate Now Volunteer Become a Sponsor Fred Meyer Community Rewards Shop at Amazon Smile Our Partners Auditions Young Artists Information Apply Online Winners Melody Contest News Contact Us .fl-page-header Coeur d'Alene Symphony Our 41st season is titled Heaven & Earth and the lineup for music and community activities for this season is truly inspiring.  Purchase your tickets and hold on for the musical ride of a life-time! Garrison Keillor This September: Garrison Keillor is Coeur d’Alene bound! Tickets are on sale now! Click here to be directed to the ticketing page. *A limited number of VIP tickets are available immediately through the Coeur d’Alene Symphony. For more info, please call the Symphony office at… Blazing Fiddles presents an Old-Time Western Supper Show     BLAZING FIDDLES FUNDRAISER   Saturday June 22nd Tickets on sale now! 5-9:30 IN THE EVENING AT THE ROCKIN’ B RANCH     Join us for an old-time Cowboy Dinner & Auction and some Blazing Fiddles! Kick back… 2019 National Young Artist Winners!   Congratulations to all our participants in the 2019 National Young Artist’s Competition! They will be featured on our upcoming concerts March 8 and 9 at the Salvation Army Kroc Center. Get Tickets: https://cdasymphony.org/shop/ High School Division Carson Ling-Efird, 13  Cello, McClure Middle School Seattle, WA… Young Conductor’s Workshops Our wonderful conductor maestro Jan Pellant will be teaching a series of Young Conductor’s Workshops in conjunction with North Idaho College! These 90 minute sessions are FREE and open to the public, anyone interested in learning more about conducting is welcome. All sessions will take… .fl-post-content .fl-post .fl-page-content © 2019 Coeur d'Alene Symphony Orchestra - All Rights Reserved .fl-page-footer .fl-page 