Park Avenue Chamber Symphony Park Avenue Chamber Symphony About Upcoming Concerts Donate Audition Request Innovation/Outreach Artistic Excellence History About Upcoming Concerts Donate Audition Request Park Avenue Chamber Symphony David Bernard, Music Director Innovation/Outreach Artistic Excellence History Scroll our 20th AnniversarY Season     Innovation.  Artistic Excellence.  Commitment & Integrity. The Park Avenue Chamber Symphony’s impact on the music world is significant and recognized by audiences and media alike.  Critically acclaimed by the New York Times, Gramophone and WQXR, the Park Avenue Chamber Symphony brings artistic excellence and innovation to audiences in NYC and worldwide through its concerts and recordings.  In partnership with InsideOut Concerts, Inc., the Park Avenue Chamber Symphony builds new authentic classical music audiences by bringing concert goers inside the orchestra.       CLICK HERE TO PURCHASE TICKETS TO PARK AVENUE CHAMBER SYMPHONY CONCERTS   EVENTS CALENDAR The calendar block is initialized by javascript. FOLLOW   2019-2020 Season Featured Metadata (Above Title) Events: Date Nov 23, 2019 Title SOUNDS OF AMERICA--The Family InsideOut Concerts (TM) Experience with Instrument Zoo Metadata (Below Title) Events: Date Nov 23, 2019 Excerpt Note: This InsideOut Concerts(tm) production, including an Instrument Zoo is designed for families, children and caregivers. For the full immersive InsideOut experience, see the 5PM event. Copland Appalachian Spring Suite Copland Clarinet Concerto Jon Manasse, Soloist Bernstein Symphonic Dances from West Side Story Experience the austere stoicism of the American frontier, alluring jazz idioms and riveting dance combined with passionate lyricism centered on New York City through evocative music performed around you while sitting inside a full symphony orchestra. This InsideOut Concerts(tm) production features renowned clarinetist Jon Manasse as the soloist in Copland's Clarinet Concerto. Read More Link Read More → Metadata (Below Content) Events: Date Nov 23, 2019 End .summary-content End .summary-item Metadata (Above Title) Events: Date Nov 23, 2019 Title SOUNDS OF AMERICA--The Full InsideOut Concerts(TM) Experience Metadata (Below Title) Events: Date Nov 23, 2019 Excerpt Note: This InsideOut Concerts(tm) production is designed for Adults. For the Family InsideOut Experience designed for families, children and caregivers, see the 2PM event. Copland Appalachian Spring Suite Copland Clarinet Concerto Jon Manasse, Soloist Bernstein Symphonic Dances from West Side Story Experience the austere stoicism of the American frontier, alluring jazz idioms and riveting dance combined with passionate lyricism centered on New York City through evocative music performed around you while sitting inside a full symphony orchestra. This InsideOut Concerts(tm) production features renowned clarinetist Jon Manasse as the soloist in Copland's Clarinet Concerto. Read More Link Read More → Metadata (Below Content) Events: Date Nov 23, 2019 End .summary-content End .summary-item Metadata (Above Title) Events: Date Feb 8, 2020 Title WOLFGANG'S WORLD--The Family InsideOut Concerts (TM) Experience with Instrument Zoo Metadata (Below Title) Events: Date Feb 8, 2020 Excerpt Note: This InsideOut Concerts(tm) production, including an Instrument Zoo is designed for families, children and caregivers. For the full immersive InsideOut experience, see the 5PM event. Experience and explore the life and music of Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart from Inside the Orchestra through his brilliant and exhilarating concerti, symphonies and operas. Read More Link Read More → Metadata (Below Content) Events: Date Feb 8, 2020 End .summary-content End .summary-item Metadata (Above Title) Events: Date Feb 8, 2020 Title WOLFGANG'S WORLD--The Full InsideOut Concerts (TM) Experience Metadata (Below Title) Events: Date Feb 8, 2020 Excerpt Note: This InsideOut Concerts(tm) production is designed for Adults. For the Family InsideOut Experience designed for families, children and caregivers, see the 2PM event. Experience and explore the life and music of Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart from Inside the Orchestra through his brilliant and exhilarating concerti, symphonies and operas. Read More Link Read More → Metadata (Below Content) Events: Date Feb 8, 2020 End .summary-content End .summary-item End .summary-item-list End .summary-item-list-container   Park Avenue Chamber Symphony Events Powered by Squarespace 