Arturo Sandoval – Trumpet Legend Artist Music Music Discography Film Scores Composer & Producer Tour Videos Education Artist in Residence Program Master Classes & Clinics Motivational Speaking Engagements ASI Arturo Sandoval Institute Honorary Doctorate from Notre-Dame Contact Menu end container_wrap close content main element Christmas at Notre Dame 12 Joyous tracks featuring the Notre Dame Children’s Choir, Symphonic Winds, Notre Dame Jazz Ensemble, Sacred Music at Notre Dame Vocalists, and graduate Jazz trio! ORDER HERE –>  CHRISTMAS at NOTRE DAME by Arturo Sandoval We are happy to announce the release of Arturo Sandoval’s FIRST official Christmas Album with none other than the ensembles of Notre Dame. 12 Joyous tracks featuring the Notre Dame Children’s Choir, Symphonic Winds, Notre Dame Jazz Ensemble, Sacred Music at Notre Dame Vocalists, and graduate Jazz trio! Start celebrating the holidays TODAY!! “Arturo Sandoval’s trumpet raises our spirit and gladdens our hearts as we celebrate Christmas. His musical expression of unbridled joy and goodwill calls us to embrace the love, charity and reconciliation at the heart of this blessed season.  Arturo Sandoval’s Christmas at Notre Dame is sure to become a holiday favorite.” – Rev. John I. Jenkins, C.S.C, President of the University of Notre Dame Purchase Here:   https://UMLE.lnk.to/krk1UFp Ultimate Duets by Arturo Sandoval APPLE IPHONE 7 TV COMMERCIAL, ‘DIVE’ Featuring: La Virgen de la Macarena by Arturo Sandoval We are very proud to announce that Arturo Sandoval’s recording of “La Virgen de La Macarena” from his Trumpet Evolution Album is featured in the new iPhone 7 commercial!  The song is now #2 on the Latin Billboard charts! Arturo Sandoval 2013 Presidential Medal of Freedom Recipient 2016  Honorary Doctorate recipient in Fine Arts from The University of Notre Dame 10 Time Grammy Award Winner Emmy Award Recipient 6 Time Billboard Award Winner 2015 Hispanic Heritage Award Recipient He is one of the most dynamic and vivacious live performers of our time, and has been seen by millions at the Oscars, at the Grammy Awards, and the Billboard Awards. Arturo Sandoval reaches beyond the scope of mere effort. His struggles while in Cuba and since his defection have given him more energy and strength, urging him to accomplish and surpass his childhood dreams. Filled with a virtuoso capability, he desires nothing more than to share his gift with others who feel the same intense adoration for music as he does. One frequently speaks of Arturo Sandoval’s virtuoso technical ability or his specialty in high notes, but he who has seen him on the piano, lyrically improvising a ballad, or has had the opportunity to enjoy the diversity of his music, through his compositions from the most straight ahead jazz, Latin jazz or classical, knows that Arturo Sandoval is a prominent musician, and one recognizes that Arturo is one of the most brilliant, multifaceted and renowned musicians of our time. Pre-Order Available (click image below) Press Release –> DOWNLOAD “Born into poverty in Cuba and held back by his government, he risked everything to share his gifts  with the world. In the decades since, this astonishing trumpeter, pianist and composer has inspired  audiences in every corner of the world and awakened a new generation of great performers. He  remains one of the best ever to play.” – Barack Obama (presenting Arturo Sandoval The Presidential Medal of Freedom) close content main div Tour Music Videos Education close content main div close content main div section close by builder template end builder template close default .container_wrap element © 2015 Sandoval Enterprises of America Inc. | Powered by Fuseology ..................................... Subscribe to Our Newsletter Twitter Facebook Youtube Gplus Linkedin Instagram ####### END SOCKET CONTAINER ####### end main end wrap_all Scroll to top 