 ELECTRIC VIOLIN LUTHERIE – Electric Violin Lutherie - Custom Electric Violins Home About Us Policies Sound Samples FAQs Gallery Products In Stock Built To Order Acoustics Accessories Contact Us Skip to content Expand navigation View cart Home About Us Media Gallery Instruments Toggle Instruments sublinks Custom Violins In Stock Acoustics Accessories Sound Samples Policies Contact Us Facebook View on Facebook Twitter View on Twitter Instagram View on Instagram Youtube View on Youtube Vimeo View on Vimeo Search again Custom Electric Violins Made By Musicians Made For Musicians Next slide Slide 1 Custom Violins view more view more Slide 2 By Musicians view more view more Slide 3 For Musicians view more view more Previous slide Slide 1 Slide 2 Slide 3 BEGIN content_for_index DESIGNED FOR YOU Here at EVL we aim to create unique instruments to fit your needs as a musician. Are you looking for the best amplified tone possible? We have that. Do you want to control synthesizers from your violin? We have that too. Are you a guitarist looking for a new sound but don't want to learn a new tuning scheme? We can help! We cater to professional musicians and students alike. All custom requests are considered, and our experts will help steer you to the solution that best fits your needs. If you can dream it, we can build it Find your Sound Make it yours OUR DIFFERENCE GREAT TONE EVL instruments are designed to offer the best tone that an electric violin can offer. Our chambered design delivers industry leading sound! Whether you are looking for a natural tone or a warm electric tone, we can make an instrument to reach your target sound. MODERN DESIGN Our instruments are made to look great, balance well, feel comfortable and sound amazing . We believe our careful design and materials makes our instruments stand to a higher quality with increased playability. AFFORDABLE We believe everyone should be able to enjoy the world of sonic possibilities that going electric offers. Our instruments can be configured differently to fit a variety of budgets. We even offer DIY kits! Send us an email so we can help you design an instrument to fit your musical and financial needs. Man......this is a beautiful instrument. Gorgeous! Do you feel like you did a particularly awesome job on this one? I am very happy, feels grea t. the neck is perfect size for me. Emilio " I cant get over how comfortable this violin is to play. It feels so much more natural than my Yamaha, not to mention the difference in sound quality. I thought I would end up still using my Yamaha to practice at home, given its a "silent". Not a chance after playing this one, I cant imagine ever wanting to play the Yamaha again. " Lisa “We received the violin last week, and it’s perfect for her. She’s been playing the violin for 12 years, and she’s also very good at the electric guitar. She likes metal/punk, and this new beautiful black EVL violin is great for her favorite music. She’s calling it inspirational, awsome, totally cool, and several words I don’t know the meaning of – but it’s all good. You guys did an remarkable job. Thank you!” Greg I received the violin yesterday morning (perfect timing) and played on it all day yesterday AND performed on it last night! What a beauty! And it sounds great! … EVERYONE loves it – the band, the audience, and myself. I can’t thank you enough for your craftsmanship and patience with me. EMILY I plugged it into an amp today and, of course, it sounded awesome! The hollow body does give it quite a bit more depth in comparison with the solid body and silent instruments I’ve played. … The low end is especially impressive, it almost sounds like a cello. Yury Choose your Dream Electric Violin Quartet View Dragonfly View Carbon Fiber View Slide 1 Slide 2 Slide 3 Previous slide Next slide Built To Order Electric Violins Quartet Series From $1,400 Dragonfly From $1,200 In Stock Violins Modern Acoustic Electric $3,750 5 String Octave Carbon Fiber Electric Violin Sold Out 7 String Dragonfly Electric Violin $1,800 5 String Dragonfly - Isny $1,400 6 String Dragonfly $1,400 6 String Dragonfly - Cherry From $1,400 View all Acoustic Electrics CARBON COMPOSITE CELLO 4/4 ACOUSTIC ELECTRIC Sale price $5,000 Regular price $8,000 Sale Acoustic Carbon Fiber Violins Price On sale from $475 Sale 5 String Octave Carbon Fiber Electric Violin Sold Out Accessories 5 String Violin String Set $55 “Gewa Bio-S” oblong violin case $160 Vsound 2 Impulse Response Pedal Sale price $350 Regular price $399 Sale Economy Violin Shaped Case $53 6 String Violin String Set $86.50 Carbon fiber violin bow - black Horsehair $99.99 Starfish Pickup From $300 Sensicore C string $20 Mooer Radar Impulse Response Pedal $148 View all END content_for_index Violins Accessories Contact Us FAQs Policies Sound Samples News Search Sign up for updates Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube Vimeo Copyright © 2019, Electric Violin Lutherie - Custom Electric Violins . Powered by Shopify Close Cart Shopping Cart Your cart is currently empty. Enable cookies to use the shopping cart t: e Item Quantity Remove Subtotal $0.00 You're saving $0.00 Shipping & taxes calculated at checkout Checkout 