City of Cambridge Brass Band - CCBB - Home ​ cITY OF CAMBRIDGE BRASS BAND contemporary vision   -   c ommunity focus  patron: Sir James Macmillan end banner-wrap Home About Vision & Mission Musical Director Meet the Band Events Event Archive Youth Academy Youth Academy Musical Director Sectional Coaches Gallery Training Band Donate Contact end container end header Global site tag (gtag.js) - Google Analytics An exceptional brass band, able to reach out to the community ​and to audiences with a wide range of musical tastes ​ Penny Souster , Senior Commissioning Editor, Cambridge University Press (retired) News 15.02.2019 The band and Youth Academy were very pleased to hand over a cheque for £1045.13 , the proceeds of our Christmas Concert, to Zoe Cheng of Arthur Rank Hospice during our weekly rehearsal. 14.12.2018 Our charity Christmas concert this year was held in St Giles Church in central Cambridge and the band, along with both the Training and Youth Academy bands played to a capacity audience. A varied programme ensured there was something for everyone and mince pies, mulled wine and an 'Elfie' photo booth meant there was plenty of Christmas spirit in the air. Merry Christmas everyone! 10.11.2018 The band enjoyed playing at a fantastic street party in Great Chesterford this weekend to commemorate the Armistice Centenary. The village honoured their fallen from WW1 and despite the rain turned out in great numbers. Thank you for having the foresight to erect a very big marquee! 06.10.2018 The band is really excited to announce, after much deliberation, the appointment of Philip Fisher as our new Musical Director. Philip has a lifetime of experience in brass band music and will lead us into a new and exciting chapter towards our vision  of establishing the City of Cambridge Brass band at the heart of local community events, charitable fundraising and music education. 05.10.2018 The band had a great time last night at St Giles Church for our 'Fresher Brass' concert for Cambridge University's Fresher's Week. This was also the inaugural concert of our new MD, Philip Fisher so was particularly special for us. See some highlights from the concert here .  What an unexpected treat we had for our final rehearsal of Samson when the composer himself, Joseph Horovitz showed up to offer his encouragement ahead of our concert in St Mary's Church, Wendover. We had a tremendous Christmas concert on 6th Dec at Coleridge Community College. Thanks to everyone who turned out to hear all 3 of our bands;  the Training Band, the Youth Academy and the 'senior' band, all putting on a superbly festive performance. Merry Christmas everyone! Some nice work from the youngsters of our Youth Academy and Training Band. Click below to hear a sound preview of their latest recording.... On Sunday 15th October our Youth Academy hosted a workshop with the Band of the Queen's Division and many young woodwind players from around Cambridgeshire. The day concluded with a fantastic concert that was a testament to the youngsters' hard work throughout the day. Many thanks to the Band of the Queen's Division for all their support. Check out photos from the day here . A lovely outing for the band at Nightingale Recreation Ground on Sun 27th August.  Part of the 'Jazz & Brass in the Parks' series, organised by Cambridge Live on behalf of Cambridge City Council. A special thanks to local artist Susan Abbs who painted this sketch as we played.  On Sunday 7th May the  City of Cambridge Brass Band Youth Academy hosted a 'big brass play day' which involved rehearsing and performing three of the BBC Ten Pieces arrangements specially re-orchestrated for brass band (a world first!). ​Find out more  here . 20/10/2016 A great mention for our Youth Academy Launch Day in the October newsletter of Cambridgeshire Music! Interested in joining the Youth Academy? Find out more  here ! 26/09/2016 We were reminded recently about a collaboration the band did with Flemish singer-songwriter Flip Kowlier back in 2013 for his Album 'Cirque'. Thanks for the trip down memory lane, Bart Vanoverbeke! We found a YouTube recording of 'Angelique Zingt', one of the tracks the band features on    here . Enjoy! 19/07/2016 Another summer fair programme at the Shelford Feast. And this year without the rain! What a fantastic day. I hope everyone enjoyed it as much as we did. See if you can spot yourself in the crowd  here .  09/07/2016 A classic summer afternoon programme at Fenstanton as part of Fringe in the Fen. Thanks for inviting us back again this year. We had a great time! You can see some photo's from the event here .  21/06/2016 What a great time we had last weekend at the Benefactors Garden Party in Girton College! Check out some photo's from the event here . Thank you Girton for a great afternoon. We hope you enjoyed it as much as we did. 16/05/2016 The band has started rehearsing our summer programmes. Look out for us at local events in and around Cambridge  01/05/2016 What a terrific concert last night at Girton College! See some photos from the concert and VIP reception in our Events section  ​28/04/2016 MD Peter Bassano and John Wallace previewed our Girton College concert on BBC3's In Tune today 25/04/2016 Radio Cambridge, Jeremy Sallis show 3pm-5pm.  Listen out for an interview with the band's Musical Director Peter Bassano, discussing our upcoming 'Top Brass' concert  ​22/11/2015 ​The City of Cambridge Brass Band was placed fourth in the First Section of the Leicester Brass Band Association open contest, playing Cambridge Variations by Philip Sparke.  08/11/2015 ​Members of the band joined the Salvation Army Band in the Cambridge Remembrance Sunday parade, which was attended by more than 2000 people. You can just make out some of our players in the Cambridge News' photo gallery . 29/10/2015 ​Robert Saxton's  Sonata for Brass Band on a Prelude of Orlando Gibbons , which was commissioned and premiered by the City of Cambridge Brass Band in 2014, has been shortlisted for the prestigious British Composer Awards (Wind or Brass Band Section).  end main-wrap We would love to have you visit us! Rehearsals every Wednesday Training Band 5.00 to 6.00pm. Youth Academy 6.15 to 7.45pm. Senior Band  8.00pm to 10.00 pm  Trumpington Community College, Lime Avenue, Trumpington, Cambridge  CB2 9HB end container end footer-wrap Home About Vision & Mission Musical Director Meet the Band Events Event Archive Youth Academy Youth Academy Musical Director Sectional Coaches Gallery Training Band Donate Contact 