 City of London Choir City of London Choir Search for: Follow us on twitter Follow us on facebook Buy from Amazon Contact Us Menu Skip to content Home Concerts Support us Individuals & families Corporate Trusts & foundations Friends Sing with us Joining the Choir Open events Listen to us Recordings Audio Clips Meet us The Choir Artistic Director and Principal Conductor Associate Conductor Principal Guest Conductor Accompanist Choir members About us What the critics say News Alumni Education programme Hire us What the public say Choir management and contacts Useful information and acknowledgements #site-navigation #masthead Summer concerts: Words & Music Join us for the opening and closing concerts of the second Summer Music in City Churches festival this June! We are performing gorgeous settings of poetry by Finzi, Elgar, Vaughan Williams, Parry, Britten and more on Thursday 20th, and a midsummer celebration of Shakespeare on.. The Music of Eric Whitacre Compelling composer and conductor Eric Whitacre performs an all-American programme, including pieces by Bernstein, John Adams and Copland. The Grammy-winning composer is known for his charismatic conducting style and inventive and complex choral compositions. His own works complete the concert’s repertoire, culminating before the interval.. Young Apprentice Bass and Tenor Scheme We are delighted as part of our education programme to offer two bursaries per season per voice part for aspiring young tenors and basses between the ages of 16 and 19. Bursaries cover music costs as well as travel expenses to weekly rehearsals. The Scheme.. Concerts 13 Nov Mozart’s Coronation Mass with the Royal Philharmonic Orchestra Cadogan Hall, 5 Sloane Terrace, SW1X 9DQ More details » Support us Sing with us Listen to us Meet us #main .wrapper Donate Our loyal supporters help us to achieve our aim of fostering a love of music as widely as possible. Every donation, large or small, is appreciated and may qualify for Gift Aid. For more details or to donate » Join our mailing list To receive regular news of our concerts and other events by email, please complete the form below. You can unsubscribe at any time. We will never pass on your details to other organisations. See our Privacy Policy for more. first name * last name * email address * how heard Contact mail@cityoflondonchoir.org Follow us Concerts Support us Sing with us Listen to us Meet us About us Members #colophon #container #page 