Acoustic Jass is a traditional jazz band for hire in Hampshire UK. #BeginEditable "Header" A traditional New Orleans style jazz band for hire to play live music in Hampshire, UK. The entertainers in this band are professional jazz musicians who play live music in Berkshire, Dorset, Oxfordshire, Somerset, Surrey, Sussex and Wiltshire. Contact this Jazz Band in Hampshire This traditional jazz band although based in the Southampton - Bournemouth area travels throughout Hampshire and the south of England. This jazz band has been established over twenty years providing high quality live musical entertainment at many events and functions. The tunes in this dixieland jazz bands extensive repertoire are well known jazz standards, blues, and the popular music of the early twentieth century, made famous by the likes of Louis Armstrong, Frank Sinatra and the Rat Pack, all played in the New Orleans jazz style, music to entertain all ages. The traditional jazz idiom means that the tunes have a beginning a middle and an end which people like to listen to in a concert, for dancing or for background music. Their new CD was made at various locations in the Summer of 2017, one hundred years after the first jazz record was put on sale ( Acoustic Jass wasn't around then!) The musical instruments are acoustic and not dependent on electricity which makes this jazz quartet versatile, the band can move from one place to another easily, however, unless it is a procession, they don't walk and play music at the same time. Acoustic Jass with striped jackets and straw boaters, one of the smartest jazz bands around. Gigs, Where you can see this jazz band perform Book one of the best jazz bands in Hampshire This party band appeared in Made in Chelsea series 8 Episode 3, and they led the cortege at Steve Strange's Funeral on 12 March 2015, Daily Mail Report and ITV Report The professional musicians need very little space and the music can be as quiet or loud as the event needs, whether it is at a formal dinner party or an agricultural show. In addition to their nineteen twenties style striped blazers Acoustic Jass have evening dress tailcoats for the formal twenties white tie and tails theme. These jazz musicians are equally at home providing the music at a dinner dance, play the background music at a reception or party and they have presented a music lesson at a school where the theme was traditional jazz - the music and the instruments. Jazz bands are great at wedding parties playing live music. These entertainers have been hired to provided musical entertainment for all sizes of audiences from lunch and dinner parties of thirty people, to corporate events with seven hundred and fifty people at Wembley Conference Centre (they did use PA there). This classic jazz ensemble once performed for a party of six people in their front room. Acoustic Jass in white tie and tails at a birthday Acoustic Jass perform live jazz classics in the vintage jazz style throughout Hampshire the New Forest and the south of England and this jazz band has performed at many venues, inside, outside, corporate receptions , shows, parties , concerts, clubs, openings, fetes, railway stations,  dinner dances , promotions, jazz festivals, parades, receptions, wedding and wedding receptions , funerals, etc. to find out where they've been visit the gigs done page. ......or come and see them To hear more jazz from this band please visit our Tunes Page which has links to our videos or, visit our YouTube Channel Other Endorsements and Thank you letters #EndEditable Contact Acoustic Jass, a jazz band for hire For more information about this jazz band visit the pages below:- Acoustic Jass Gigs, Where you can see these musicians perform Jazz for Wedding Entertainment Live Music for Parties Corporate Entertainment Jazz Funerals, New Orleans Style Tunes on this Jazz bands list Acoustic Jass Frequently Asked Questions If you can't get to see them, buy a CD Endorsements and thank you letters Tips on booking a band To hire this Jazz Band to entertain you with live jazz music, Contact Acoustic Jass :- Tel:- 023 8026 9508 or fill out the Enquiry form below #BeginEditable "place2" #EndEditable Fill in then click on "Send Enquiry" Button you should then be taken to our "thank you" page Your Name (Must fill in) : Phone no (useful for queries ): Email Address (Must fill in) : Date of event (need for quote) : Where is event to be held, place (need for quote) : Time you want us to start (need for quote) : Time you want us to finish (need for quote) : Type of event, other details and anything you want to know from us... How did you first hear of us: Click here and pick one Advertisment Google Other search engine Link from other website Saw us somewhwere Someone told you about us Yelow pages Other Martin Jones 18 Porteous Crescent Chandlers Ford Eastleigh Hampshire SO53 2DH England UK Places They've Played Live Music Hampshire (Hants) Berkshire Buckinghamshire Dorset Gloucestershire Oxfordshire Somerset Surrey East Sussex West Sussex Wiltshire #BeginEditable "links" Links to other Sites (in alphabetical order) Boogieland Online Entertainment Services Bagpiper Bob We've heard him he's an Excellent Bagpiper (and we've heard a few) Cadenza resources for classical and contemporary musicians Castle Studios Specialists In portrait and wedding photography Some Christmas Ideas Great Ideas for a musical Christmas Party Concorde Classic Car show Sunday 5th September 2010 Crystal Beads - Jewellery Shop - Handmade Jewellery Many unique handmade Crystal Jewellery designs for every occasion and perfect for wedding jewellery. Ents Web Directory Entertainers Network Fred's jazz page Traditional Jazz Bands in Lancashire and surrounding Counties Gerry's Pages Jazz in Hastings We are listed in Gig Guide Ltd Gigs, Bands, Music Venues and Music Information at Gig Guide Ltd Entertainment Agency Jazz in Scotland Musicians Union help etc. for Musicians Rachel Foulkes Independent Beauty Consultant & Mobile Bride Makeup Service  SS Shieldhall Solent based steam ship that sometimes has Jazz Cruises Over 50's specific search engine Souster and Hicks produce high quality tailored suits for weddings, etc. Steelasophical A steel drum player check him out UK Wedding Directory We're listed on UK Wedding Directory Wedding Music, Party Music and Corporate Event Entertainment Hop Till You Drop is a booking agency that provides high-quality Pop, Soul, Funk, Jazz, Classical, Rock, Blues, Irish, Ceilidh, Scottish, R'n'B, Samba and Steel Bands in the UK Wedding Planning? Wedding Chaos is an wedding resource website which provides comprehensive information for planning your wedding. WedNet The Wedding Planning Site The WedSeek Wedding Directory A weddings directory with search engine A Civil Wedding and Reception venue  in the Hampshire countryside. Wessex Events Wessex Events are one of the south's leading event organisers for corporate team building, party planning and wedding design: www.wessex-events.co.uk #EndEditable © M.P. Roberts-Jones <script> var date=document.lastModified; var m=(date.charAt(0)+date.charAt(1)); var month = new Array(); month[0] = "Jan"; month[01] = "Feb"; month[02] = "Mar"; month[03] = "Apr"; month[04] = "May"; month[5] = "Jun"; month[6] = "Jul"; month[7] = "Aug"; month[8] = "Sep"; month[9] = "Oct"; month[10] = "Nov"; month[11] = "Dec"; document.write(" updated on "+date.charAt(3)+date.charAt(4)+" "+month[m-1] +" "+date.charAt(6)+date.charAt(7)+date.charAt(8) +date.charAt(9)+" at "+date.charAt(11)+date.charAt(12)+":"+date.charAt(14)+date.charAt(15)); </script> 