Band Source Productions, Inc Corporate Entertainment, Orlando, Fl - Band Source Productions, Inc | Corporate Entertainment Band Source Productions, Inc Corporate Entertainment, Orlando, Fl Mark Zauss, Band leader 407-851-3033 mvz1234@aol.com Home Bands Reviews Clients Blog Contact ﻿    ﻿   Band Source Productions is Florida's most popular, prestigious and sought after corporate entertainment company, specializing in world class bands for your corporate event,  theme party,  awards show entertainment with walk on/walk off cues, charity gala, or private event.   Located in Orlando, Florida, Band Source Productions, Inc. is fully insured and established in 1998.﻿ Performing over 140 events annually, Band leader/trumpet player Mark and his bands are preferred vendors for Walt Disney World, Universal Studios, Disney Cruise Lines aboard the Disney Dream, ﻿ and frequently perform at The Breakers in Palm Beach,  the Four Seasons Resort Orlando, the Ritz Carlton, and many more.  Their bands have opened for Sting, Taylor Swift, Howie Mandell, and Montel Williams.  They've performed for Ed McMahon, Hulk Hogan, Norman Swarzkopf, and Fortune 500 Corporations including corporate events for McDonalds, HGTV,  Macy's Cisco, and the prestigious INC. 5000 Gala Awards.  The musicians that perform in all of the bands also perform daily at Walt Disney World's Magic Kingdom. ​Contact Mark at 407-851-3033 , or e mail: mvz1234@aol.com Whether your event is large or small, our selection of trios to 12 piece bands can fit any budget.   ​ Check out our band videos below. Click the band name to go to the band's website. ​​If you are an agent, click here for the agent friendly version of this site:  www.marksbands.com All bands complete with state of the art sound, LED stage lighting, and dance floor lighting. From 3 to 12  pieces.  Band Source Productions musical groups features band leader, trumpet player, and vocalist Mark Zauss  and female vocalist Kathy Zauss along with  horns, guitar and rhythm section depending on band size. Combining creativity with today’s technology and innovation allows our musical groups to have a full and authentic sound true to the original artists.   ​ Click here to see a list of our  previous clients. Services include :  Million dollar liability insurance required by all venues State of the art sound system LED stage lighting  Specialty dance floor lighting with LED laser effects Microphone for announcements Recorded music between sets Full DJ Services Band Source Productions, Inc. Established in 1998 Mark Zauss, owner & band leader 407-851-3033 mvz1234@aol.com Band Source Productions, Inc. Corporate entertainment in Orlando, Florida.  