AZUMI Flutes - AZUMI Close Menu Show Menu Facebook Contact Language English Deutsch Français Español Italiano Nederlands Polski Flutes Series Z1 Series Z2 Series Z3 Series S2 Series S3 Philosophy Education AZUMI Ambassadors Fingering Charts Find a dealer News Search search TYPO3SEARCH_begin Experience the fascinating tone of an AZUMI flute High Quality The emphasis on high quality in the production process is vital to meet relevant requirements and preferences of advanced flutists. Brilliant sound With this in mind, AZUMI offers two series, each with different tonal characters, provided by the professional ALTUS headjoints. Virtuosity Try out AZUMI to find the perfect instrument, which reflects your personal musical expression. High Quality Brilliant sound Virtuosity The AZUMI catalogue Click on the red button and download the pdf-file with the current catalogue of all AZUMI flutes. PDF AZUMI Catalogue AZUMI flutes with ALTUS Z-Cut headjoint Easy articulation , powerful sound and precise focus of tone This series is characterised by the angular form of the lip-plate; the Z-Cut. The tonal character of this series is supported by the use of 925 Sterling silver. Z1 - nickel silver flutes The tonal character of this series is supported by the use of 925 sterling silver for lip-plate and riser. For more information about the Z1 series please click here. Z2 - Sterling silver headjoint flutes The tonal character of this series is supported by the use of 925 sterling silver for headjoint, lip-plate and riser. For more information about the Z2 series please click here. Z3 - Sterling silver body flutes The tonal character of this series is supported by the use of 925 sterling silver for body, headjoint, lip-plate and riser. For more information about the Z3 series please click here. AZUMI flutes with ALTUS S-Cut headjoint Beautiful open tone with increased positive resistance This series is recognisable by the oval form of the lip-plate; the S-Cut. The tonal character of this series is supported by the use of 958 Britannia silver. S2 - Britannia silver headjoint flutes The tonal character of this series is supported by the use of 958 Britannia silver for the headjoint. For more information about the S3 series please click here. S3 - Britannia silver body flutes The tonal character of this series is supported by the use of 958 Britannia silver for the body and the headjoint. For more information about the S3 series please click here. Handmade ALTUS headjoints The headjoint design is one of the most important elements for the characteristic of a  flute´s tone. The significance of the headjoint inspired the founder of AZUMI flutes - Shuichi Tanaka to produce a handmade headjoint combined with a flute body that is affordable, yet of a high production quality. His vision was to make this exceptional combination of handmade design and affordability available to both beginners and advanced flute players. With this vision the AZUMI flute series was born – to satisfy the different demands of the beginner and the advanced musician. Experience the uniqueness of the AZUMI flutes. The handmade headjoints, produced by ALTUS for AZUMI, are the result of a lifetime of passionate and devoted work carried out with utmost care and attention, with each headjoint manufactured by hand to Tanaka's exacting specifications. Each fine detail is perfected until the headjoint and body form a unique tonal unity. Learn more about the AZUMI philosophy TYPO3SEARCH_end Flutes AZUMI flutes are available in two different series:  The Z series for easy articulation, powerful and precise focus of tone The S series for beautiful open tone with increased positive resistance Education C. Wälder-Jene Flute teacher from Germany Stefano Parrino Flutist from Italy     Philosophy Learn more about the AZUMI flutes: The cooperation with ALTUS, the history of AZUMI and the selection of various headjoints Find a dealer Find your AZUMI dealer in your neighbourhood for the best service  © Copyright  - The official internetsite of AZUMI Europe AZUMI Flutes Philosophy Education Find a dealer AZUMI News Imprint Privacy Scroll to top Piwik End Piwik Code 