Charnwood Concert Bands Home About Us Symphonic Wind Orchestra Concert Band Training Band Repertoire Activities Events Diary Gallery Contact Us INSERT SLIDESHOW HERE Up Coming Events 18th August 2019 Combined Tour Band in Derbyshire at Chatsworth House 7th September 2019 Charnwood Concert Band in East Leake at St. Mary’s Church 13th December 2019 Charnwood Symphonic Wind Orchestra in Oaks in Charnwood LE12 9YD at St James the Greater Church 14th December 2019 Charnwood Symphonic Wind Orchestra in Loughborough LE11 3XA at Carillon Court Generated by GigPress 2.3.23 Loughborough based, we are three friendly community wind bands welcoming players of all ages and abilities. + + +  Save the Sumatran Orangutan  + + + Band members Ben and Kieran have been given the chance of a lifetime to go to Sumatra to help on a charity Orangutan conservation project. While they are there they will be heading into the rainforest to see the Orangutans in what is left of their natural habitat, and also replanting the rainforest amongst other things. Said Ben, “It is a fantastic cause and we are so grateful for everyone’s support and most importantly to be able help the orangutans”. The recent concert by all three bands in East Leake raised over £600 for this project. Said one Audience member (Mr R Davis) –  “It was a fantastic family concert with popular music for everyone from all three bands. It was a great opportunity to enjoy a great night out whilst supporting a worthy cause”   + + + Band Tours + + + Members of CSWO and CCB enjoyed a tour in Dublin in 2017, staying at Trinity College.  The orchestra performed in Christchurch Cathedral, Howth Church and Castletown House. We also had plenty of time for sightseeing including visits to the Guinness Storehouse, Kilmainham Gaol,  the book of Kells, and a boat trip on the River Liffey. More photos are in the gallery . In 2015 players from CSWO and CCB took part in the Edinburgh Fringe.  Click here to see our performance on YouTube,  here to read an in-depth account of the visit which was organised by Rayburn Tours, and here for a summary by one of our members. This year we are visiting France and Belgium to perform 3 concerts as well as taking part in the Last Post ceremony at the Menin Gate in Ypres. If you would like to have fun and enjoyment playing interesting music regularly, click on your choice of bands below, there’s sure to be one to match your abilities Charnwood Symphonic Wind Orchestra (CSWO) The CSWO, under the musical direction of Judy Nicol , performs for concerts, private engagements and special events Charnwood Concert Band (CCB) The CCB, conducted by Mike Cooper , performs mainly for bandstands, fetes and occasional concerts with the training band Charnwood Training Band The Training Band, under the musical direction of  Penny Tolley and Sarah Brown is a safe haven for inexperienced players to find their feet musically. “No Strings Attached” A smaller group of players from the Symphonic Wind Orchestra will perform at private engagements on request. Testimonials Read what people have said about us here. To join or to book one of the bands – Privacy Policy ngg_resource_manager_marker 