C. Daniel Boling - PERFECTLY STABLE MUSIC - Home 2 llamas Skip to Content Skip to Navigation Home Tour Dates Listen to Music Bio Contact-Mailing List Press/Reviews Photos Buy CDs & Books House Concerts? Electronic Press Kit Join the email list! C. Daniel Boling C. Daniel Boling C. Daniel Boling: Home New Folk Winner!       Daniel's 2018 CD "LIVE at The Kitchen Sink"  Was nominated for two 2019 New Mexico Music Awards  and won Best Folk Song! [WINNER] Best Folk Song - "Appalachia" Best Novelty Song - "Rent-a-Snake" Just click on the album cover to go to the products page and order yours. Daniel's 2016 CD "These Houses"   was on the 2017 GRAMMY nominating ballot for "Best Folk Album", was nominated for 2017 New Mexico Music Awards in six categories, & won Best Folk song: Best Americana song - "I Brought the War with Me"; [WINNER] Best Folk song - "Mama's Radio"; Best Singer/Songwriter song - "I Will Not Go Gently"; Best Mastering - "Mama's Radio"; Best Album Design; Best Song of the Year - "I Brought the War with Me" , ...and is on Folk DJ's lists across the U.S. and in Europe of "Favorite Albums of 2016". Daniel's 2013 CD "Sleeping Dogs"  on Berkalin Records  was a Finalist in four categories in the New Mexico Music Awards   and the Winner in one: Best Song of the Year - "Sleeping Dogs" (The great Jaime Michaels won this one) Best Folk Song - "Doesn't Get Better Than This" (Martha Reich won this one) Best Mastering Engineer (WINNER!) - "Summer Sweetcorn" (For Engineer Will Dyar) Best Album Design - Graphic Designer Elizabeth Boling (Dave Tutin won this one) The album debuted at  #13 in December 2013 and jumped to #7 in January 2014 on the  Euro Americana Radio Chart  and made 2014 Top Ten CD lists for radio DJs on all three U.S. coasts   Recording artist   1st  Place Winner - Woody Guthrie Folk Festival Songwriting Contest 2007   WELCOME HOME! Thank you for visiting.  I am a touring balladeer and songwriter based in Albuquerque, New Mexico.  My music is published, recorded and released under the business name Perfectly Stable Music, a derivation from the title track of my first CD, released in 1999 -- with the exception of my newest albums SLEEPING DOGS and THESE HOUSES released in 2013 and 2016 on the prestigious Berkalin Records label.   On this site you'll find information on my songs, recordings, videos, show schedules, photo gallery, music activities, links to other music sites, and more. On each page there are linked titles for every other page, so you can move around from page to page within the site pretty easily. You can buy my CDs by credit card on this site, or you can call, email or write. The Tour Dates page lists my performances as well as concerts we occasionally host for other artists when they come through Albuquerque.   If you'd like me to update you periodically, please add your email address to my  mailing list  and I'll keep you posted on new recordings, shows and other developments (but not TOO often!). Thank you for your support! --all the best, VERY IMPORTANT!!! Do not delete CSS code "overflow:auto;" JID Design   Daniel is also the newest member of the iconic folk trio The Limeliters! Yes, the group is still alive and well and touring 60 years after they began. Different artists these days as six decades have taken their toll, but the tight harmonies, stirring folk songs, humor, energy and fun continue with Andy Corwin, Steve Brooks and Daniel Boling. Please visit Limeliters.com for updates and concert schedules and we'll look forward to seeing you somewhere soon!   Daniel uses exclusively Shubb capos. Please check out these folks' excellent products at www.Shubb.com RSS feed © 2019 C. Daniel Boling Google Analytics Code 