Bristol Ensemble | Professional chamber orchestra Navigation Brand and toggle get grouped for better mobile display Toggle navigation Home The Bristol Ensemble Concerts and events Forthcoming Past events Notes for Women (2018) News Players Education Contact Contact us Privacy Policy Forthcoming concerts Three Choirs Festival Tewkesbury Abbey July 26, 2019 Standing Waves with Pee Wee Ellis St George's Bristol September 18, 2019 Beyond the Menagerie St George's Bristol September 22, 2019 Henleaze Concert Society: Majesty and Grace Trinity-Henleaze URC October 12, 2019 First Section Bristol Ensemble online The Bristol Ensemble Tweets by @BristolEnsemble /.row Support us You can make a donation to support our concert and education work via the Donate button below, which is managed by the National Funding Scheme. Mailchimp sign up section Free mailing list Sign up for our free email list to receive occasional e-newsletters about our concerts and events Sign up now Education Section Our Education Projects Preludes is a bold and innovative music project that has been running successfully since 2009 in several schools areas of Bristol experiencing high levels of disadvantage. It is the most extensive project of its type in the country and grew from discussions between Roger Huckle of the Bristol Ensemble, Professor Leslie Bunt of the University of the West of England and James Wetz a former Head Teacher. The aim is to put classical music at the heart of every child's education and by doing so improve confidence, co-ordination, speech and language and benefit all other areas of their learning. Preludes is delivered by a growing team of dedicated professionals, managed by Penny Rawlings with the assistance of Charlie Groves and Dylan Jones. Since September 2015, Bristol Plays Music has been a partner of the Preludes music education programme. /.row End of row div End of container div End of white bg We use cookies on this website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy to accept them. OK Bristol Ensemble, 10 Cossins Road, Bristol, BS6 7LY •  info@bristolensemble.com  • 07766 105491 Bristol Ensemble gratefully acknowledges financial support from Arts Council England, Bristol City Council, Bristol Plays Music, Coutts Foundation, Department for Energy and Climate Change, D’Oyly Carte Charitable Trust, Garfield Weston Foundation, Lalonde Trust, Andrew Nisbet Charitable Trust, Patsy Wood Trust, PRS for Music Foundation, Quartet Community Foundation, Souter Charitable Trust, and the Steel Charitable Trust.                           © Bristol Ensemble 2019 - all rights reserved. Registered charity no: 1075201 /container 