Alastair Penman - Saxophonist, Clarinettist, Composer, Educator Expand/collapse navigation Home Biography Listen Diary Compositions Commissions Discography Ensembles Gallery Teaching Contact Home Biography Listen Diary Compositions Commissions Discography Ensembles Gallery Teaching Contact Alastair Penman Hailed as a “pioneering instrumentalist and writer” and praised for his “surpassingly beautiful music” and “undoubtedly brilliant mind”, British saxophonist Alastair Penman is a dynamic and versatile performer and composer, presenting contemporary and classical music in new and exciting ways. Having earned masters’ degrees in both Information and Computer Engineering (University of Cambridge) and Saxophone Performance (Royal Northern College of Music), Alastair has a strong interest in the fusion of live saxophone performance with electronic effects, backings, and enhancements...  Read more    Latest News:   Henri Selmer Paris Artist Having played on Selmer saxophones and mouthpieces for my whole career, I am delighted to have become a Henri Selmer Paris Artist! I look forward to working together with Selmer and continuing to play on their beautiful instruments!   Vandoren UK Artist I am hugely honoured to have become a Vandoren UK Artist. Having played on Vandoren reeds for over two decades, I use them on all of my saxophones and clarinets, and am delighted to have become a Vandoren Artist!   Appointed Visiting Professor at Guildhall School of Music and Drama Alastair is honoured to have been appointed Visiting Professor of Saxophone and Electronics at the Guildhall School of Music and Drama.  In this role Alastair will be working with students on the Guildhall Artist Masters course in Saxophone Performance (led by John Harle), teaching all aspects of combining live electronics with saxophone performance.   Recent Radio 3 performances As a BBC Introducing Artist both as a soloist and with the Borealis Saxophone Quartet, Alastair has enjoyed a lot of recent airplay on Radio 3.  Initially Alastair's recording of Glass by Graham Fitkin from the album Electric Dawn  was played by Katie Derham, and since this the Borealis Saxophone Quartet have performed live on Radio 3 on three occasions, mostly recently in a performance at the BBC Introducing Proms Plus event.  A couple of recordings from these appearances can be found on the Radio 3 website  here (The Lone Ar-ranger goes Sax Mad) and here (Lost Bronze) .   World Saxophone Congress Performances Alastair recently gave three performances at the 2018 World Saxophone Congress in Croatia.  A clip from one of the performances can be seen here . More recordings to follow soon!   Electric Dawn Alastair's debut album,  Electric Dawn  is now available on Sospiro Records . Check out the video below for an overview of the project, click here  for more info and reviews or click here to buy on Amazon . Saxophone & Clarinet Resources As part of his work as an educator Alastair maintains a YouTube channel of saxophone and clarinet resources (mostly classical) for students.  The channel contains over 450 videos and has received over 1.7 million views.   Click here to visit. Press Pack Contact Mailing List Product Demos Sax Resources .diywebSidebar .diywebSecondary .diywebContent Print | Sitemap © Alastair Penman Login Web View Mobile View Logout | Edit page .diywebFooter .diywebContainer .diyweb 