Piano Sales, Service, Restorations in Philadelphia and King of Prussia, PA Search x piano@cunninghampiano.com 800-394-1117 Menu Pianos New Pianos Yamaha Uprights Grands Clavinovas Silent Pianos Disklaviers Hybrid Pianos Bosendorfer Grand Pianos Collector’s Item Disklavier Edition Upright Pianos Ultimate Design Cunningham Baby Grand Studio Grand Parlour Grand Concert Grand 48″ Studio Upright Semi-Concert Grand Estonia Grand Pianos Concert Pianos Digital Pianos Yamaha Clavinovas Yamaha Hybrid Piano Casio Digital Pianos Pre-Owned Pianos Grand Pianos Upright Pianos i am interested in buying a piano Request Information Close Organs Ruffatti Organs Rodgers Organs Johannus Organs Close Services Tuning Restorations Rentals Player Piano Installations Close Music School Show About Blog Close Contact Locations Close Search Select Page Cunningham Piano Company Explore Pianos Browse our huge selection of pianos from leading brands including Yamaha, Bosendorfer, Estonia and more. Find the right piano that perfectly fits your needs. Browse Pianos Get In Touch Cunningham Piano Company Pre-Owned Pianos Finest selection of quality pre-owned pianos from top brands. Large array of Certified Pre-Owned Pianos. Get a piano that perfectly fits your budget and needs. Browse Pre-Owned Pianos Get In Touch Cunningham Piano Company Piano Services Trust your piano confidently to our experts for quality piano restorations and tuning services. Browse our piano installation options and affordable rental options available. Browse All Services Get In Touch Piano & Organs - Sales, Rentals, Tuning & Restoration Services. Philadelphia’s Oldest & Most Respected Piano Company Since 1891 New Pianos New Pianos Cunningham Piano offers the finest Grand and Upright Pianos in the world. Read More Digital Pianos Digital Pianos Browse a wide array of Digital Pianos from Yamaha and Casio brands. Read More Pre - Owned Pianos Pre - Owned Pianos We carry a wide selection of pre-owned and used pianos that fit every budget. Read More Organs Organs Cunningham Piano proudly represents the finest organ builders in the world. Read More Rentals Rentals Concert quality grand and upright rental pianos available for special events. Read More Piano Tunings Piano Tunings Cunningham Piano’s technicians will make your piano perform at its best. Read More Restorations Restorations Cunningham specializes in making old pianos sound & look brand new. Read More Player Piano Installations Player Piano Installations Self-playing piano systems can be installed in most grand and upright pianos. Read More Watch Video Virtual Tour Of Cunningham Piano Piano Restorations on "How It's Made" TV Show Piano Restorations on "How It's Made" TV Show Read More The Cunningham Music School The Cunningham Music School Read More Contact Us Fill the form and contact us * Denotes Required Fields. Name * Email Address * Phone * Interested In * Please select an option New Pianos Pre-Owned Pianos Digital Pianos Organs Tuning Service Piano Restorations Piano Rentals Music School Show Other How did you hear about us? * Choose an option Google Yahoo Bing Online Ad Magazine Ad Newspaper Billboard Radio Existing Customer Referral Other Message CAPTCHA Comments This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. This iframe contains the logic required to handle Ajax powered Gravity Forms. New Pianos Pre Owned Pianos Digital Pianos Organs Services Tuning Restorations Rentals Player Piano Installations Piano – Store King of Prussia Flagship 198 Allendale Rd. King of Prussia, PA 19406 Get Directions Store Hours: Monday-Saturday: 11 am - 6 pm Sundays: 12 am - 5 pm 215-991-0850 Piano – Showroom Germantown Factory 26 East Coulter St. Philadelphia, PA 19144 Get Directions Showroom Hours: Open by Appointment 215-438-3200 Newsletter Subscribe To Our Newsletter SUBSCRIBE! You have Successfully Subscribed! © 2019 Cunningham Piano Company. All Rights Reserved. Disclaimer Privacy Site Map Powered by: Creative Web Results Disclaimer Privacy Site Map © 2019 Cunningham Piano Company. All Rights Reserved. Powered by: Creative Web Results Google Rating 5.0 Cunningham Piano Company 5.0 × PJ Winter 14:18 15 Jul 19 Rich and crew are an amazing group of people purely interested in customer satisfaction! Highly recommend this long running historic Philadelphia establishment to anyone looking for a piano. Patricia Winter 20:45 14 Jul 19 We went to help our son and family look for the perfect instrument and couldn’t have been more pleased. Rich was most helpful and knowledgeable in offering his expertise, which resulted in the purchase of digital Yamaha. Needless to say, everyone was thrilled. A fun and productive time was had by all. Cunningham Piano is a magical place with the finest staff. Thank you! Ralph Rosen 19:27 14 Jul 19 Just purchased a new Yamaha upright from Cunningham, and very pleased with all aspects of the experience! Communication with Rich was always prompt and informative, and delivery was handled professionally and according to plan. Thrilled with the new instrument and grateful for the excellent service Cunningham provided. Jane Wilson 21:20 26 Jun 19 I don’t often write reviews but I was so impressed with the response I received I felt compelled to write this. I had inquired about the model of my piano that I’m selling and a reasonable listing price but I was honestly not expecting a response for several days, if ever. Tim has no money in my game but asked for photos and provided information to facilitate my next steps. All of this was accomplished with 5 emails and within a couple of hours. My only experience with them has been this interaction, but on this alone, I would say their customer service is superb. Mike Woyden 20:20 30 May 19 Came in here to schedule an appointment to have my piano tuned and repaired (30 y/o upright Lowrey piano). I spoke with Rich and Cindy who were both incredibly helpful and hospitable and made me an appointment with a repairman within a weeks time. Afterwards they made me feel comfortable to test out their pianos at my leisure, offering helpful advice about their selection and other services. Definitely coming back in the future for all my piano needs! Cheryl Blanchard 19:20 30 May 19 I haven't used Cunningham yet but I needed my piano moved and got in touch with them thinking they were piano movers. They wrote me back and said their services lean more towards tuning pianos, BUT they were kind enough to recommend a piano mover who did a great job. Cunningham didn't have to do that and it was so nice that they did. When I need my piano tuned, I will certainly use Cunningham based on my experience with them. Cheryl Devlin 19:38 09 May 19 The piano is so gorgeous pictures don't do it justice. I went into the store thinking I wanted a shiny black baby grand and walked out a mahogany-convert. It is nothing like the lackluster look that I had in mind, but a deep, rich, red color, with wood grain you can see. Every bit as shiny but with more character. You really gotta go there in person to check it out. I tried out the baby grand (5'0) as well as the studio (5'4) and the parlor(5'10) grand. I ended up choosing the parlor. Each piano has a different touch/sound and you can really feel the difference on your fingertip. The baby grand is a very nice piano for the look and the sound, but the parlor plays like a concert piano - so much that the keyboard feel makes me a little nervous playing because it reminds me of all those childhood recitals and competitions. I've compared Cunningham pianos with similar price range Yamaha piano, and for the same price range it's just not even close. If you're in the greater Philadelphia area, get the Cunningham. I didn't think I should shop for piano like I would shop for fruits, but buying local saves you a lot. You get to own a handmade, one-of-a-kind, absolutely beautiful piano for a very reasonable price. This is the best piece of furniture I have in my new home. I can't say enough good things about it. Ron Burgin 22:20 10 Apr 19 I have learned so much from the videos. Watch through the back catalog on YouTube before you make a serious piano purchase (even if you think you know a lot). You will get a lot of insight from Rich and Hugh. Max Kline 00:37 04 Mar 19 We worked directly with owner Rich Galassini. After listening in detail to what we wanted in a piano, he suggested we try several including their own Cunningham Baby Grand. I was impressed by the detail to design and care that went into this instrument. I was truly amazed at how rich and warm a small grand could sound. Even in the large space and high ceilings of the factory the piano filled the room. The construction is finely detailed using quality parts and top end German hammers. Even next to many famous names and much more expensive pianos the Cunningham Baby Grand was an easy choice. We are thrilled with our new piano and I congratulate Rich and his crew for creating such a fine playing experience. Amanda and Max Dale Gregory 12:09 27 Feb 19 We are very happy with the digital grand piano we purchased from Cunningham. They took our 96-year old Steinway on a trade in which solved our problem of how to get rid of it. It served us well, but had major problems which would have cost us almost 3 times to repair what we paid for the digital piano. Technology has advanced to the point that the digital piano sound and action is extremely close to our Steinway. We are very happy with the friendly service at Cunningham and would recommend them to anyone shopping for a new piano. Kathy Myers 14:35 17 Feb 19 The Yamaha P22 has a nice tone quality, is a great-looking piece of furniture and is ideal for my needs. The delivery went very smoothly and the movers were very professional. I look forward to enjoying my new piano for many years to come! James Arndt 21:17 03 Feb 19 Rich has gone over and beyond the call of duty assisting me in choosing my first baby grand piano. I live in the very SW corner of Colorado, used to live in the KOP area. I have always appreciated visiting the Cunningham Piano Showroom and speaking with the staff. The reason why I reached out to Rich is because of his trusted, quality, unbiased advice. Rich has also come in competivly or better than stores in Denver, Albuquerque or Salt Lake and that includes the delivery fee to the middle of no where Colorado! I very much hope to give Rich my business. However, as he knows, my circumstances, opportunity, and economics might warrant a purchase in the more "immediate" area ( by out west standards). With that understood Rich is there to answer any questions that I may have so that I am happy with my purchase from whom ever. For you all fortunate enough to have Cunningham Piano in your local marketplace, you are lucky. I have lived throughout the US and I value the Customer Service that is unique to the Main Line area and in specific the great folks at Cunningham Piano. Thanks Rich!Dolores, Colorado Francisco Aguilera 06:05 03 Jan 19 The go-to place for great pianos! Rich and Tim are true knowledgeable gentlemen, and good friends. Their piano selection is superb, and I must say, if they don't have the one you're looking for, they'll surely get it! Caleb Heisey 14:02 11 Dec 18 We've been on the lookout for the perfect piano for years and the crew at Cunningham were very helpful in finding the right one. They worked over the course of a few months to locate and determine the right fit fo us. Joel Lefever 01:15 11 Dec 18 I bought a Cunningham grand piano here after visiting nine stores in three cities, and I couldn't be happier with my purchase. Rich will bend over backwards to give you a factory tour and provide you any information you want about piano construction and maintenance, completely for free (no pressure to buy). The staff are incredibly friendly and the quality is second to none. Also, they will give you as much time as you want to try out the pianos, including the Bösendorfers which are far beyond the average buyer's price range.My Cunningham piano sounds better than many 3x its price, and the tuner was extremely impressed with its sound, action, and workmanship. The higher-end pianos are priced comparably with other dealers, but Cunningham does a proper prep job on all of their pianos so the piano sounds its best, which often isn't the case elsewhere. Lisa Reichman 15:31 04 Dec 18 We just received our new Cunningham Piano Co. Baby Grand this weekend and we could not be more pleased! The piano is stunning and sounds wonderful, even better in our home! We worked with the owner, Rich Galassini throughout the selection process. Rich was a pleasure to work with...very informative, helpful and patient. The whole process was wonderful. Heather Halldin 23:19 18 Nov 18 Cunningham Piano Company is a center for music and pianos! Our first encounter was walking in when we discovered the new showroom in K of P. We ended up spending the afternoon trying pianos and talking about music. Our relationship has continued with the Piano Show (see YouTube) and invites to great events, including Austrian Night and a Night of Russian Music - both events filled with wonderful music, guests from 2 renowned European Conservatories/Colleges, food and mingling. It has been an amazing resource for my musical son with these great opportunities to connect with the music world at large, as well as being able to have access to some of the world's best pianos. Rich and Hugh add that special touch with their love of pianos, knowledge, and music, and their joy in sharing that with others. Yes, they sell pianos, but we've never felt pressured with a sales pitch. Walt W 22:08 18 Nov 18 I bought my Yamaha yus5 here and it was a great experience from start to finish. No pressure here, stay as long as you like and play as many pianos as you wish. Rich and Tim are very knowledgeable and easy to work with, they answer all you questions and do not hover over you as you play. They give you as much time and space as you need.The delivery of my piano was excellent!! On time, up 2 flights of steps without any issues and into my living room. Perfect!!If you are looking for a piano this is the place!! See All Reviews MENU CLOSE Pianos New Pianos Yamaha Bosendorfer Grand Pianos Collector’s Item Disklavier Edition Upright Pianos Ultimate Design Cunningham Estonia Digital Pianos (OLD) Yamaha Clavinovas Yamaha Hybrid Piano Casio Digital Piano Pre-Owned Pianos Grand Pianos Upright Pianos Organs Ruffatti Organs Rodgers Organs Johannus Organs Services Tuning Restorations Rentals Player Piano Installations Music School Show About Blog Contact Locations Request Information 