 Arbors Records – arbors-records inc Skip to content Submit Close search Home Record Store About Us Contact Us Jazz Links Home Record Store About Us Contact Us Jazz Links Submit Search Cart Cart expand/collapse BEGIN content_for_index Pause slideshow Play slideshow Welcome to Arbors Records Your Home of Contemporary Jazz & Swing Your Home of Contemporary Jazz and Swing Welcome to our jazz label which explores the depths of these classic jazz styles born in the ‘30s, ’40s and ‘50s and which, in the hands of contemporary musicians of talent, taste and technical brilliance, remain as vital and meaningful as ever. We’re talking about swing, lyricism, and improvisation as performed by today’s instrumental masters.   Shop our Collection Don't Take Our Word For It A TORCHBEARER FOR TIMELESS SWING...Bryan Shaw is not a household name, not even in jazz households. But on his first CD as a leader,  Night Owl , the California-based 46-year-old trumpet player recalls the flair of Bunny Berigan, the melodic romanticism of Ruby Braff and the way players in the rural South were described before the word "jazz" was in vogue. In those days, listeners called improvisers ´singing horns.´ Nat Hentoff, Wall Street Journal The most notable product of the Johnny Mercer Centennial is pianist-singer Daryl Sherman´s current album, Johnny Mercer: A Centennial Tribute. It´s also the most festive: The program unfolds like an all-star concert, with no shortage of guest stars. Will Friedwald Carol Sloane, "Dearest Duke" (Arbors) There´s no place for Sloane to hide on this intimate set, and that works out just fine for this underrated veteran singer. Accompanied only by piano and Ken Peplowski´s clarinet and saxophone, Sloane glides over imperishable Ellington ballads, treating each one with the blend of delicacy and solidity that only a skilled vocalist can conjure. It´s minimalist magic. Steve Futterman Dick Hyman's Century of Jazz Piano - A jazz education indispensable package Jazz Times Pianist Tom McDermott is as comfortable and expert playing a Brazilian choro as he is digging into a Jelly Roll Morton rag. Larry Blumenthal, The Wall Street Journal From the opening Original Dixieland Jazz Band romp "Fidgety Feet" to the dreamlike "It´s The Last Dance," Mr. McKenna´s orchestral piano is so fulfilling and sometimes overwhelming that, after the concert, a woman told the soloist he had moved her to tears. "I played that bad," he said, smiling. Having listened to the recording often, I find that Mr. McKenna lifts me above the turmoil of global news to a touch of hope for the human condition. Nat Hentoff, The Wall Street Journal Record of the year:  Clarinet Blue  by Bobby Gordon and Dave McKenna on Arbors Jazz Joe H. Klee, The Mississippi Rag Check out our most recent albums Scott Robinson Tenormore snippet/product-price.liquid Regular price $10.00 Dave McKenna In Madison snippet/product-price.liquid Regular price $10.00 Nicki Parrott New York to Paris snippet/product-price.liquid Regular price $10.00 Warren Vache: Songs Our Fathers Taught Us snippet/product-price.liquid Regular price $10.00 Ken Peplowski and Diego Figueiredo: Amizade snippet/product-price.liquid Regular price $10.00 James Suggs: You're Gonna Hear From Me snippet/product-price.liquid Regular price $10.00 Tom McDermott Meets Scott Joplin snippet/product-price.liquid Regular price $10.00 END content_for_index Home Record Store About Us Contact Us Jazz Links Join our mailing list Subscribe © 2019, arbors-records inc Powered by Shopify 