Dwight Diller: Clawhammer Banjo Instructor Catch the Rhythm end .container end #header Home About Contact Information Diller Tab Book Blog Camp Learning Levels Directions Lowdown I Register Itinerary Featured videos Links Subscribe Across The Yew Pines DVD Chapter 1 Chapter 2 Chapter 3 Chapter 4 end .container end #menu Home » Dwight Diller: Clawhammer Banjo Instructor end #breadcrumbs Dwight Diller: Clawhammer Banjo Instructor ”There is something extremely important about what Dwight strives to teach, which many students can’t or don’t want to see.  We live in a culture that is fixated on the foreground (notes, technique, tunes, etc.), and yet Dwight struggles to reveal the background (silence, rhythm, cultural context, etc.).  This background is the source of the power and drama of the music.  It gives life and makes the music breathe.  It provokes rather than distracts, confronts rather than pacifies.  This is why the old music can be offensive.  It doesn’t sit nicely within or beside our contemporary culture.  Most people only teach the foreground and most people only ever “get” the foreground, because it is the easiest part of music to acquire.  It is easy to point to; it’s tangible, but it is also superficial.  The foreground is important only to the degree that it points to the background, to make the background leap out.  This is what it means to for the music to “get” you–to be seized by the power of the old music.  What Dwight seeks to teach isn’t mere metaphor; it isn’t just talk.  It is precisely what is deepest, most poignant, and most real about the music.” Dr. Bradley Park About Dwight: Dwight Diller has been teaching banjo and fiddle or almost four decades. He plays and teaches the music he grew up with and is considered one of the pre-eminent West Virginia musicians of his generation. More … Interested in learning to play the Banjo or Fiddle? Dwight has been teaching “African down stroke” [ thumpin, frailin, rappin, clawhammer] banjo style since 1971, and offers students  banjo and fiddle retreats throughout the year.  These retreats are a wonderful way to learn about the music and the culture the context in a quiet setting in the high Allegheny mountains of West Virginia. You can find links to more information about these retreats  here on this website Dwight’s itinerary Dwight travels to and performs at a few local festivals, and also teaches several classes per year at Brown’s Creek. Check his  itinerary for more information. Newsletter Subscribe to Dwight’s email list to receive news and commentary also posted on the “ Newsletter ” page of this web site.  To subscribe, click the Follow  button at the lower-right corner to get started.   end .entry-content end .bottom end .border end .entry end #entries Across the YewPines DVD Return to home page end .widget Archives June 2016 March 2015 November 2013 November 2012 September 2012 end .widget end .block-content end .block-border end .block Plugin: Custom Meta Widget Plugin URL: http://shinraholdings.com/plugins/custom-meta-widget/ Meta Log in end .widget end .block-content end .block-border end .block end #sidebar-right end .container end #content Designed by Elegant Themes | Powered by WordPress end .container end #footer-content end #footer end #top-overlay Follow Follow Dwight Diller Get every new post on this blog delivered to your Inbox. Join other followers: 