 Blüthner World News Home Instruments Blüthner Classic Blüthner Supreme PH Grand Piano Crystal Edition HB Blüthner-Haessler Edition Haessler Gallery Irmler Gallery Wood Veneers Design Your Own Grand Classic Restorations Factory Tour e-Klavier Digital Media Blüthner Artists Concerts Blüthner Pavillon Blüthner Classics Leipzig Blüthner Master Series Markkleeberg Contact Blüthner World News Wimbledon Piano Classics 10-12 October 2019 Blüthner is proud to present the Wimbledon Piano Classics, in conjunction with the Royal College of Music who have organized a classical music program of the highest order. The piano series will feature  Martin James Bartlett , winner of the coveted titled of BBC Young Musician 2014, playing works by Mozart, Gershwin and Dvorak in addition to Liszt’s Widmung, taken from his debut album  Love and Death  with Warner Classics.  Sofya Gulyak  will present pieces she has a close affinity with, including Rachmaninoff’s  Morceaux de fantaisie Op. 3  and  Chopin’s  Variations brillantes Op. 12 . Mezzo-Soprano  Anna Huntley  will then appear with pianist  Simon Lepper  to perform works of young women and love, including Weil’s  The Saga of Jenny  and Coward’s  If love were all . To close the series, George Harliono will pair Grieg’s  In The Hall of the Mountain King  with Stravinsky’s  Trois Mouvements de Petrouchka. Thursday 10 th  October   Sofya Gulyak (Piano) Friday 11 th  October        Prof. Vanessa Latarche (Piano Masterclass) Friday 11 th  October        Anna Huntley (Soprano), Simon Lepper (Piano) Saturday 12 th  October   Martin James Bartlett (piano), George Harliono (Piano) For further information and how to book tickets:  https://www.bluthner.co.uk/news-and-events/       Das Preisträger Podium Freitag, 21.06. – 19.00 Uhr Großpösna, Julius Blüthner Pianofortefabrik. Babett, Marie und Florentine Lehnert – Klavier; Friederike Pank – Klavier; Robert Pohlers – Tenor Die Sommertöne ziehen den Hut auch vor dem musikalischen Nachwuchs: Mit Babett, Marie und Florentine Lehnert sind drei junge Pianistinnen aus Leipzig zu erleben, die mit ihrem Klavierspiel ihre Zuhörer bewegen. Friederike Pank ist bereits Studentin an der Universität Oxford.  Robert Pohlers verstärkt seit 2013 das renommierte Ensemble amarcord. Geschätzt wird der ehemalige Thomaner zudem als Solist in Passionen sowie als Liedsänger. Alle jungen Künstler widmen sich Kompositionen von Clara Schumann. Zudem erklingen Klavierstücke von Robert Schumann und Lieder von Fanny Hensel. Karten zu 18 € / 14 € (Rentner) / 9 € (erm.) bei Musikalienhandlung M. Oelsner, Tel. 0341-960 56 56 oder unter https://reservix.de/       Sonntag, 02. Juni 2019 18:00 Uhr Gewandhaus zu Leipzig, Mendelssohn-Saal Leipziger Symphonieorchester, Michal Mossakowski Klavier , Dominic Doutney Klavier , Antonio Chen Guang Klavier , Nicolas Krüger Dirigent Ludwig van Beethoven — 5. Konzert für Klavier und Orchester Es-Dur op. 73 Robert Schumann — Konzert für Klavier und Orchester a-Moll op. 54 Johannes Brahms — 1. Konzert für Klavier und Orchester d-Moll op. 15 Die drei hochbegabten und bereits vielfach international ausgezeichneten jungen Künstler Michal Mossakowski, Dominic Doutney und Antonio Chen Guang werden am Sonntag, den 2. Juni 2019 um 18:00 Uhr drei Klavierkonzerte von Beethoven, Brahms und Schumann mit dem Leipziger Symphonieorchester unter der Leitung von Nicolas Krüger zur Aufführung bringen. Dieses Konzert bildet den Abschluss einer einwöchigen Akademie mit Meisterkursen und Seminaren zu Career Development, die Blüthner mit Unterstützung der Alfred Reinhold Stiftung zur Förderung des künstlerischen Nachwuchses veranstaltet. Kartenbestellung     Blüthner Celebrates 165th Anniversary with World Record At the stunning celebration of Blüthner's 165th anniversary, the Blüthner Group found it fitting to challenge th e standing Guinness World Record. 666 pianos played the Rimsky Korsakow Radezky March in perfect concert to win the title.  The contest coincided with the awards ceremony of the first ever International Carl Rönisch Piano Competition in Hengshui Herbei, China, organized by Blüthner. An international team of prominent pianists, including Prof Christopher Hinterhuber (Vienna), Grigory Gruzman (Weimar) , Alexander Schimpf (Hannover), Katarzyna Popova-Zydron (Poland), Patricia Frehlich (Canada), YIN Tin (China), and Elenore Wong (Hong Kong) lead the performance along with the Henshui Philharmonic. Read more ...   Blüthner Artist Hiroaki Takenouchi "Blüthner is the pure ideal of the European piano sound. It is so amazing to be able to produce this sound, which I always dreamed of as a child." -Hiroaki Takenouchi, 21.November 2018 Leipzig, Germany. Blüthner is honored to announce our latest artist cooperation with Hiroaki Takenouchi. Praised by The Times and Grammaphone, amongst many others, Takenouchi has appeared on many concert platforms worldwide, including the Wigmore Hall and Tokyo Opera City. His more recent projects include a BBC Four documentary  The Prince and the Composer  on the life and music of Parry alongside HRH The Prince of Wales and BBC Radio 3’s  Composer of the Week .   Blüthner Artist Joey Calderazzo It is with great pride and enthusiasm that Julius Blüthner Pianofortefabrik GmbH announces the addition of international jazz pianist and Grammy award winner Joey Calderazzo to the family of Blüthner artists. Mr. Calderazzo has made significant contributions as a musical partner to such Jazz luminaries as Michael Brecker and Branford Marsalis. Mr. Calderazzo will be performing and recording with Blüthner instruments in the future. We are excited to experience the fine work of this truly singular artist.     Blüthner Brand Ambassador Clemens Unterreiner The Julius Blüthner Pianofortefabrik proudly presents Mr. Clemens Unterreiner, world-renowned baritone of the Vienna State Opera, as the latest official brand ambassador of Blüthner pianos. In order to further the recognition and appreciation of the uniquely rich and facetted tonal spectrum of our instruments, it is of particular importance to support artists, particularly singers, who have discovered the warmth of the Blüthner Golden Tone. Read more ... Video News     Copyright © 2019. Julius Blüthner Pianofortefabrik GmbH Terms & Conditions 