Charley Pride - Welcome! Home Tour Dates Music Shop Fan Club Contact   Connect with Charley at Facebook Welcome! Thank you to my fans for your ongoing support! You may have noticed that my website is going through some changes. We're in the process of revising the site, so please be patient while we give it some much needed upgrades 2019 has turned out to be a very busy year. My life story was recently featured in a PBS American Masters documentary. If you missed it, you can still preview it here . It is available on-demand for PBS Passport members to watch and has also been released on DVD . I'm also looking forward to the upcoming 16-hour Ken Burns documentary about Country Music that will be airing on PBS in September 2019. Mr. Burns been working on that for quite a while now... I did my interview for him several years ago! CMA Music Festival is also coming up in a few weeks. This year's Fan Club Breakfast will take place on Thursday June 6, 2019 @ 8:00am at the Opry Backstage Grill inside The Inn at Opryland (formerly the Radisson Hotel). You can click here to find out more about the breakfast. During CMA Fest week, I will be performing on the Grand Ole Opry (Opry House) on both Friday (6/7) & Saturday (6/8) night. I'll also be playing the Opry Country Classics show at the Ryman Auditorium on Saturday (6/8) afternoon. Check the tour dates page for links with more details. I plan to spend a bit of time recording music for an upcoming album this summer. To learn more about my most recent album MUSIC IN MY HEART , please visit the Music page. If you've never seen the music video for "Standing In My Way," you can watch it here. Thank you to everyone that has been coming out to the shows! We had a wonderful trip to New Zealand and Australia earlier in the year and I'm looking forward to visiting the many upcoming US and Canadian cities that are on my tour schedule. As a reminder, Fan Club members are allowed one guest to the meet and greets at my shows and need to contact Estella at the fan club to get their meet -n- greet credentials at least 2 weeks in advance. For more details, please visit the fan club page . Musically yours, Home  |  Tour Dates  |  Music  |  Shop  |  Fan Club  |  Contact   © 2019 - 2019 Charley Pride All rights reserved. 