About - Peter Appleyard Peter Appleyard Menu Share Tweet About Latest News Shop Videos Live Dates About Latest News Shop Videos Live Dates Share Tweet Bringing together influences from the worlds of rock, pop & folk Peter Appleyard crafts distinctive, timeless & emotionally charged compositions. Following some well received EPs Peter released his debut album 'Day in the sun' worldwide digitally in early 2010. Featuring the award nominated tracks 'Can't help smiling' and 'Popstar', the release firmly established his confident and original style. Support soon followed from local, regional and internet radio stations. Performing the tracks live throughout the UK particularly showed the strength and wide appeal of Peter’s music. Making the national final of the Exposure Music Awards in London, for Best Live act, confirmed his talent too. Supporting some of Peter’s favourite independent and established artists proved a great experience and helped take his music to a new audience. Peter’s critically acclaimed second studio album, ‘No Looking back’, was released in late 2014. Recorded in the wilds of rural Norfolk, with expert producer/engineer Jonny Cole, this more ambitious record broadened Peter’s musical horizons and features the live favourite ‘Ordinary’. Working with New Zealand based Songwriter/Actor Kevin Harty, and backed by some of the UKs finest musicians, key tracks were 'Commended' in the UK Songwriting Contest, made the final of international competition the ‘Recording Festival’ and were featured on the cover CD of Acoustic magazine. Peter is currently hard at work performing live and perfecting new material for his next release. Please sign-up to the mailing list, or follow on social media, for all the latest updates. 'No Looking Back is the second album of top-notch material from Norfolk singer-songwriter Peter Appleyard…it's a classy set of melodic songwriting’ R2 Magazine 'Liked the structure of the songs, the intelligent lyrics, sincere performance' Exposure Music Awards, Cargo, London. ‘a knockout set of songs’ The Musicians Union ‘Full credit must go to Appleyard and recording engineer Jonny Cole for achieving such a full sound …their work serves to enhance some nice performances and arrangements.’ Sound on Sound Magazine Social Links Join the mailing list By signing up you agree to receive news and offers from Peter Appleyard. You can unsubscribe at any time. For more details see the privacy policy . Gallery Google Analytics End of Google Analytics Google Tag Manager 