Celtic Nations Pipes and Drums | Welcome | Milwaukee, Wisconsin Celtic Nations Pipes and Drums - Milwaukee, Wisconsin group column image image image image image image image image image column image group column vertical box horizontal box horizontal box content Home horizontal box horizontal box content Teaching horizontal box horizontal box content Practice Locations horizontal box horizontal box content Event Calendar horizontal box horizontal box content Gallery horizontal box horizontal box content Links image content Join us on Facebook image content For Booking, Lessons or Questions:   (414) 640-9880 or email: celtic.nations@yahoo.com   We're a 501(c)3 tax-deductible organization! • For Booking • Provide a Scholarship • Become a Sponsor   Website Terms & Conditions m_editable region-id="editable-static-tag-U255-BP_infinity" template="index.html" data-type="html" data-ice-options="disableImageResize,link,txtStyleTarget" content Welcome: If you are interested in seeing us - please check our Event Calendar . Catch some newsworthy and fun "band chatter" on our Facebook Page , and visit our Gallery for band photos and videos.   Our Philosophy: Celtic Nations Pipes and Drums is a diverse group of musicians dedicated to the preservation and celebration of the Celtic Heritage and the music of The Great Highland Bagpipe accompanied by Highland pipe-band style Drumming. As a teaching organization, the Band has created an atmosphere where all of its Members, regardless of experience, enjoy the fellowship of the group. Performances portray the high value the Band places on music. Each Member is dedicated to continually making Celtic Nations Pipes and Drums an organization where everyone is encouraged to be their very best.   A Short History: In our short existence, we've compiled a nice resume. Since our founding in 2002, we've become pretty well-rounded.  In addition to the traditional parades, we’re regularly hired for performances and also compete at Highland Games in the region. We're most proud of having formed a combined teaching and mutually beneficial relationship with other pipe bands in the area under the Great Milwaukee Pipe Band Association.   Special performances: In addition to our regularly scheduled performances and parades, our band has repeatedly been invited to play with world-famous music groups including THE RED HOT CHILLI PIPERS, GAELIC STORM, THE CHIEFTAINS, and THE PIANO GUYS!   Our band is now equipped with concert-scale bagpipe chanters so if you’re seeking a bagpipe group to enhance your performance, contact us!   Invitation to You: Please take a look through our site.  If you are interested in joining our group or learning to play the bagpipes or drums, don't hesitate to contact us or attend one of our practices.  We would love to meet you and share our enthusiasm for this unique band experience! /m_editable column image image image image image image image image image group image content © 2010-2018 Celtic Nations Pipes and Drums - All rights reserved. © 2010-2018 D'Signs Unlimited, LLC - Graphics and Layout - dsignsd.com Other scripts RequireJS script 