Capital Wind Symphony | Band Concerts Performances | DC VA MD Toggle Navigation Capital Wind Symphony About Audition Conductor Contact Musicians Rehearsals Concerts Workshops Listen Donate Capital Wind Symphony George Etheridge | Conductor Announcing Auditions Auditions will take place on September 9 at 7:00 pm at Longfellow MS. Details MS & HS Workshops! Looking for an amazing educational experience while visiting  Washington DC?   Capital Winds is pleased to offer one of the nation’s best workshop experiences for  school bands anywhere! Details Become a Sponsor Now! About About .entry-header MISSION:  “Celebrating and Sharing the Great American Wind Band Tradition by presenting diverse and engaging programs and enriching music education by mentoring and inspiring students” The Capital Wind Symphony, under the direction of  George Etheridge , is widely regarded as one of the nation’s premier wind symphonies.  Based near the Nation’s Capital, the all-volunteer ensemble attracts many of the finest musicians  from DC, MD and VA and welcomes new players each season by audition .  Members include military musicians, freelance players, studio teachers and music educators. The group rehearses weekly from September thru June, and presents regular concerts in the community including several programs which serve as education outreach.  Capital Winds was created in 1991 by Mr. Etheridge as an all-volunteer ensemble for musicians near the Nation’s Capital who were committed to playing the finest wind band literature at the highest level.  Soon after the inaugural season, the ensemble was invited to perform at the prestigious Midwest International Band and Orchestra Clinic.  After 27 years, the band continues to thrive and support its mission which is “celebrating and preserving the great American band tradition by presenting diverse and artistic performances of contemporary and classic works, and by working closely with music educators to nurture and inspire student involvement within their school music programs.”  CAPITAL WIND WORKSHOPS , ™  the Capital Wind Symphony’s educational outreach program, offers a highly effective “side-by-side” musical experience for elementary, middle and high school band musicians to rehearse and learn from professional musicians.  .entry-content .entry-footer #post-## #main #primary .row .container #content Contact us: info@capitalwindsymphony.org Join our Mailing List Begin MailChimp Signup Form Email Address End mc_embed_signup © 2019 Capital Wind Symphony .site-info #colophon #page ngg_resource_manager_marker [if !IE]><! <![endif] facebook like and share js twitter JS End 