Acoustic Duo Auckland - Dragonfly Dragonfly Home Song list Videos Testimonials Contact Home Song list Videos Testimonials Contact Dragonfly Scroll   Dragonfly Acoustic Duo   Watch Videos Dragonfly Acoustic Duo Dragonfly are Auckland’s leading acoustic duo for corporate event entertainment. The duo offers a broad range of songs by artists such as Fleetwood Mac, Cat Stevens, Crowded House, The Beatles, Pink Floyd and Otis Redding. Dragonfly have performed extensively throughout New Zealand and have worked with many of the country’s biggest brands. “ Their song selection was exceptional as was the performance itself. Our attendees didn’t want them to finish! Dragonfly have become a signature element of our annual Awards Night and we are looking forward to working together for years to come. ” — MARIA STEFINA, IDG CHANNEL DIVISION Videos Studio Recording Session at Roundhead Studios, October 2018 Time After Time I'm On Fire Wicked Game Go Your Own Way   Extensive Experience Dragonfly’s years of experience performing at top Auckland venues such as Cordis Auckland, Hilton and Pullman means the duo know exactly what is expected from corporate event and conference planners. The duo will strike the right note whether they are entertaining at a networking event, gala dinner or cocktail function, and their broad range of music means they will perform songs the guests will love whether they are locals or visitors. Dragonfly have performed at the following venues:   Cordis Auckland Boathouse at Riverhead Tavern Kumeu Valley Estate Orakei Bay The Stables Matakana Soljans Estate Villa Maria Estate Hilton Auckland Cable Bay Okahu Kauri Bay Boomrock Rydges Ascension The Wharf The Officers Mess Royal NZ Yacht Squadron Hotell Pullman Castaways Mudbrick Goldie Estate Bracu   “ Dragonfly were a del­ight. Their clas­sic selection of song­s fit perfectly­ with our event! ” — CRYSTAL HARVEY, VODAFONE NZ   intro Introduction Video home page block Extensive experience Text 2 Image breaker 3 Dragonfly Acoustic Duo Auckland, New Zealand | dragonfly@findaband.co.nz | 021 889 551 Powered by Squarespace 