James L. Mapson Guitars James L. Mapson Guitars Handcrafted Archtop Guitars 3230 South Susan Street Santa Ana, CA 92704 Tel: 714-754-6566   HOME   I   PRODUCT REVIEWS   I   PLAYERS AND EVENTS   I   BIOGRAPHY   I   LINKS NEWS Avante       Lusso      Solo        Bop City     Jazz Standard        Jazz Bandit    PLEASE NOTE: Due to current time constraints and backlog, I have had to stop accepting orders for instruments. I apologize for this inconvenience, but as a dedicated one man shop, I really have no other alternative.  Once the workload is caught up and manageable, I will post a notice.  I remain committed to completing every instrument under construction, as time permits. Thank-you for your interest, patience, understanding, and support. Jim Premier Southern California builder of fine archtop guitars. Instruments are built in small batches to control quality to the highest standards. Various tonewoods are aged on site, including AA, AAA, and Master grade Maple and Spruce from both domestic and European sources. Each instrument is hand carved and tap response optimized to bring out the best balance of tone and projection possible. Appointments can vary to suit the customer's requirements. Each design is first created in CAD, to provide a dimensioned print and a rendering for customer approval prior to production. Accurate tooling and forms are then produced to aid in the production of the instruments, insuring faithful execution of each design. For those desiring electric fittings, custom installations are made on site, and setup performance is checked using an Evans Eighty Jazz amplifier. Also available are Evans amplifiers and custom cases to order. Mapson MP3's Download MP3's from Mundell Lowe , Frank Potenza , Ron Eschete , and Adam Rafferty . Mel Bay Article Download the Mel Bay article spotlighting Mapson Instruments . Price List Click Here for Current Prices Accessories Amplifiers, Cables, Pickups, Strings, Used guitars Prices vary with each design, with base models starting at $4,500. Please inquire for a firm quotation on your own specific requirements. I look forward to working with you to create your own custom, individually hand crafted instrument. Prices and specifications may change without notice, please call for more infomation. THE WEST COAST ALLSTAR GUITAR COLLECTIVE AT STEAMERS CAFE 2000 • 2001 • 2002   © 2011 James L. Mapson 