Anne Lederman - Musician   Winner Estelle Klein Award 2016 Anne Lederman has been called: "a national treasure" (Gary Cristall) "one of the most talented musicians in the country" (Derek Andrews) "an amazing artist" (Richard Flohill) "She "brings to life the traditions of our country's people and she does it all well" (Cristall) " . . . a country of such diversity couldn't have a better ambassador" (Singout Magazine). Anne performs solo, with Lea Kirstein (Cello, viola) with Ian Bell as Lederman/Bell , with James Stephens and Emilyn Stam as Eh?! and with Njacko Backo as Kalimbas at Work. She also composes for Theatre and has written her own play about Indigenous Fiddle traditions in Manitoba, Spirit of the Narrows (called the Best of 2015 by Hamilton's View) Released: Nov. 11, 2015    A special tribute to the Metis tradition and to the man who was my first way in. Distributed by Borealis Records Order CD     "Well done! This is a wonderful collection that    preserves more of the traditional Metis tunes and demonstrates the variations that the older players put on some of the standards." John Arcand, Saskatchewan What a fine project this is!The quirky nature of many of the tunes is a real highlight and far outside the box of what we consider Canadian fiddle. I enjoyed the tunes, your playing and Ian's fine guitar work. Gord Stobbe, Nova Scotia Check out the website: www.grandyproject.ca for info and recordings of Grandy Fagnan   Spirit of the Narrows A Play for 2 Musicians MORE INFO HERE Ian Bell and Anne in Estonia Grandy's D Tune Tamarack'er Down African Suite: The Call Old Man's Table FiddleSong "Spirit of the Narrows" Njacko Backo Spirit Horse Dancing Articles Lederman/Bell have a new Youtube Channel! Songs and Tunes from the Blyth Festival Theatre April, 2015 The original 1984 Muddy York recording, re-mastered for the 21st century Tamarack'er Down: A Guide to Celtic-Canadian Fiddling Through Rhythm order now Eh?! www.ehtunes.com Emilyn Stam, Anne Lederman, James Stephens Check out the CD "Fiddling" Article Encyclopedia of Music in Canada •  Anne Lederman  •  phone: 416-538-9036  •   anne.lederman@gmail.com  • s 