Washington Concert Opera Home About History Our People Community Watch & Listen Plan Your Visit Work With Us Past Repertoire Support Donate Volunteer Young WCO WCO Guild Corporate Sponsorships Legacy Society News Contact Events Subscribe Home About History Our People Community Watch & Listen Plan Your Visit Work With Us Past Repertoire Support Donate Volunteer Young WCO WCO Guild Corporate Sponsorships Legacy Society News Contact Events Subscribe style below blocks out the mobile nav toggle only when nav is loaded wco 2019-20 season subscriptions and single tickets now on sale! Ambroise Thomas’ Hamlet - Sunday, November 24, 2019 @ 6 PM Starring Jacques Imbrailo (Hamlet), Lisette Oropesa (Ophelia), Eve Gigliotti (Gertrude), and Jonas Hacker (Laertes) Giuseppe Verdi’s Simon Boccanegra - Sunday, April 5, 2020 @ 6 PM Starring Lester Lynch (Simon Boccanegra), Marina Costa-Jackson (Maria Boccanegra/Amelia Grimaldi), Charles Castronovo (Gabriele Adorno), and Musa Ngqungwana (Paolo Albiani) subscribe single tickets It is truly all about the music.   Washington Concert Opera’s motto captures what a concert opera performance is about: "it’s all about the music." A concert opera is a complete, full-length opera presented with the soloists, orchestra, chorus and conductor on stage. There are no sets, costumes or props to distract the eye…and ear...from the operatic score. The focus is entirely on the performers and their dynamic interaction with their audience. There is nothing to upstage the music and dramatic interpretations at hand.       About Learn about the history of Washington Concert Opera and where we're heading in the future. Learn More → season Subscriptions for our 2019-20 Season are now on sale! Join us for Thomas’ Hamlet (11/24/19) and Verdi’s Simon Boccanegra (4/5/20). We hope to see you there! Learn More → News See what's new and learn about upcoming performances, artists, and events. Learn More → Back to Top donate Subscribe to our newsletter 202-364-5826   |    info@concertopera.org Office: 2437 15th Street NW, Washington, DC 20009 © 2019 Washington Concert Opera, all rights reserved 