Adrian Legg | Official Web Site Home Tour Dates Swag Store Tab/Notation Music Bio Discography Lessons w/ TrueFire Management/Press Adrian Legg “There are guitarists, there are axe-wielding maniacs, and then there are wizards. Adrian Legg is one of the wizards. He has enough technique to do just about anything he wants, but also the sensitivity to honour the contours of a melody.” – Philadelphia Enquirer, Aug. 5, 2000 “To say Legg plays a good guitar is like saying Menuhin saws a fine fiddle. This man is ridiculously talented.” -Music Week “…Legg is, above all, a guitarist of great power, invention and versatility… Through fast-fingered picking, spontaneously layering parts and occasional ringing harmonics, he sounds like an orchestra.” -St. Petersberg Times Voted “Guitarist of the Decade” by Guitarist magazine. Guitar Player’s Reader’s Poll Winner for Best Acoustic Fingerstyle Guitarist for 1993, 1994, 1995, 1996 Share this: Twitter Facebook JOIN THE LEGGHEADS! BEGIN: Constant Contact Text Link Email List Button JOIN EMAIL LIST - Click Here END: Constant Contact Text Link Email List Button BEGIN: SafeSubscribe END: SafeSubscribe BEGIN: Email Marketing you can trust For Email Marketing you can trust END: Email Marketing you can trust LEGGHEAD NEWS Dec 19, 2018 - Keep an eye out for Adrian's first LIVE DVD with extremely tall tales of highly dubious veracity and all. There will be an option to pre-order the DVD as soon as we get a bit further down the production process. Stay tuned... Feb 7, 2018 - Just announced - New Tour Dates!!! Adrian will be touring Western and Mountain United States Spring 2018. Check the Tour Dates page for updates. Check back often for new confirmations. Oct 20 - Adrian's new double LIVE CD is released. Click Here to pick up his new CD. Sep 11, 2017 - Adrian will have a new double live CD released Oct 20, entitled "Adrian Legg Live" and will include his entire live show. Full stories and all. You can pre-order the CD beginning Oct 13 on CD Baby. Get smart with the Thesis WordPress Theme from DIYthemes. ngg_resource_manager_marker [if lte IE 8]> <div id="ie_clear"></div> <![endif] 