Deep River Symphony Orchestra 2018-2019 Season Saturday Oct. 20, 7:30pm Mozetich - Calla Lilies Françaix - L’horlage de flore Schubert - Symphony No. 9 Saturday Dec. 8, 7:30pm Morawetz - Carnival Overture Britten - Simple Symphony Tchaikovsky - Nutcracker Suite Anderson - Christmas Festival Saturday Jan. 19, 3:00pm Baroque Matinee: Telemann - Recorder Suite in A min. Pachelbel - Canon Handel - Water Music Saturday Mar. 9, 7:30pm Ives - Circus Band Heath - Out of the Cool Villa-Lobos - Fantasia Gould - Pavanne Sayre - Gershwin in Concert Custer - Salute to Big Bands Strommen - Salute to Broadway Custer - Evita Medley Saturday May 4, 7:30pm Hindemith - Trauer Musik Hummel - Fantasie for viola Bruckner - Symphony No. 4 Welcome to the Deep River Symphony Orchestra Check out our new Facebook page for season concert details, information about our soloists, and other DRSO news. Welcome to the website of the Deep River Symphony Orchestra. We are very excited about our 2018-2019 season, and we hope that you will be too! Our Music Director, Peter Morris, has planned a varied season of five concerts, featuring local soloists, both amateur and professional. Highlights are: a performance of Schubert’s Symphony No. 9 , featuring Susan Morris on oboe; Susan returns for our Baroque matinee on recorder, performing Handel's Water Music ; in a salute to the big bands and Broadway, local saxophonist Rob Carson will be our guest soloist in March; and Deep River native, Alexandra King returns at the completion of her music degree from the University of Ottawa to perform Fantasie for viola and orchestra by Hummel. Please see our Season Brochure for full details of all the concerts and how to subscribe. The DRSO is a small community orchestra which is entering its 66 th year of providing orchestral music to our local community. The mission of the DRSO goes beyond providing entertainment. We believe that we provide an important link with our cultural past; we work at fostering a love for orchestral music in our community and especially in our youth; we provide an opportunity for young players to develop their skills and hopefully inspire them to continue playing with an orchestra in the future; and at our best, we enable the audience to experience the music at a level that transcends the ordinary, and together we are lifted beyond our everyday existence to celebrate the creativity of the human spirit. We hope that we will be able to share our music with you this season. The DRSO would like to thank all of the individuals who work very hard to ensure that the season is a success. These individuals include our Music Director, board members, players, both amateur and professional, local music teachers who encourage their students to join the orchestra, and parents who support their children’s musical accomplishments. We also thank all of those private citizens who make donations and our concert sponsors, as well as being grateful for the financial support of the Ontario Arts Council. Finally, we sincerely thank all past, present and future audience members, for without you, there would be no orchestra. See you at the concerts! Jane Craig, President, DRSO All concerts are held at Childs Auditorium, Mackenzie Community School, Brockhouse Way, Deep River. This is the Deep River Symphony Orchestra’s 66th season of playing to audiences here in the Upper Ottawa Valley. It is made possible in part by the kind support of our local sponsors and the Ontario Arts Council . WELCOME OUR DIRECTOR THE ARTISTS DRSO 18/19 BROCHURE CALENDAR SUBSCRIPTION CONTACT FACEBOOK 