Brad Yoder NAVIGATION home music das doofe Fischlied shows brad blog media news store contact Home Hello!.. Hi, friends–welcome to the website. I’m a songwriter-musician-sax player ( rock star? ) who lives in Pittsburgh, PA. Feel free to: see where I’m playing next ,  download some MP3s ,  sign up for my e-mail list , buy stuff (CDs…) , and generally make yourself at home. (I’m also the guy who wrote  das doofe Fischlied ) . 5 Newest Songs: 1.  Graffiti 2. Honest 3.  Well Enough (2018 JTG entry; 4th place, of 6!) 4.  Joseph and Maria 5.  One Angel Wing  recent news… 21 Nov Posted by admin Categories News , Songs Comments No comments yet Songs in Blogs… My father (72-year-old Mennonite counselor/pastor) has an online blog, which he is rightly proud of (in a very humble Mennonite sort of way!) He’s a good writer—I was always grateful of that as a kid, because I listened to hundreds of […] Read More   → 26 Dec Posted by admin Categories News Comments 2 comments Happy New Year (bandcamp.com) I hope you had a great Christmas/Hanukkah/Kwanzaa/etc., and may your New Year bring much loveliness! The ever-terrific Mike Budai was kind enough to create this Epiphany card image for me. In other news, check out my new CD on BandCamp.com […] Read More   → 4 Dec Posted by admin Categories Press Comments No comments yet AcousticLive CD Review… Richard Cuccaro was kind enough to do a review of “Excellent Trouble” in the Dec. (2010) issue ofAcoustic Live!. That issue will eventually be posted online as a PDF; here’s the text of the review in the meantime: Brad Yoder – E […] Read More   → 4 Dec Posted by admin Categories Blog , News , Press Comments No comments yet Excellent Press for “Excellent Trouble”… Thanks to everyone who came out for the CD release on Sat., 11/20—it was a great night, with tasty food/drink (Commonplace coffee, East End root beer, Franktuary food…), and even tastier music (from Pearl & the Beard, Judith A […] Read More   → 2 Nov Posted by admin Categories News Comments One comment CD Release Party — Sat., Nov. 20 The official CD release event for Excellent Trouble will be Sat., Nov. 20, 7:30pm, at the Church of the Redeemer in Squirrel Hill (5700 Forbes Ave.) This is the same church where we recorded strings for Again, How it Ends, Keep it to […] Read More   → 6 Sep Posted by admin Categories News Comments No comments yet The New CD is Here!.. After 3.5+ years of work, Excellent Trouble is finally out, and I couldn’t be more excited about how it sounds, and looks. (check out Seth Clark’s terrific original art here.) The packaging features a 6-panel (3 “squares”) matte […] Read More   → 18 Jun Posted by admin Categories News Comments No comments yet The Next CD: Done With Mastering, Now the Art… This next CD has been mixed, by Lurch, and has now been mastered by Toronto’s Fedge (Jeff Elliott). After 3 rounds of minor tweaks and changes, a final version of the music should be done shortly. Here are the songs featured, in the or […] Read More   → 19 Dec Posted by admin Categories News Comments 2 comments End of 2009 — Feeling Grateful… hi, friends—happy holidays, all! When I run into folks, I’m often asked “how’s the music going?” This is a question I’m never quite sure how to answer. My inner cynic/cranky old man likes to complain, if I let him (“I’m so b […] Read More   → 10 Dec Posted by admin Categories News Comments No comments yet Full Band show this Friday, w/Putnam Smith! Once again, I’m activating my “undercover” rock band, consisting of Ryan Socrates on drums, Jason Rafalak on bass, and Corey Congilio on electric guitar, for a show. We’re playing this Friday, Dec. 11th, at 8pm at Yoga Matrika […] Read More   → 11 Nov Posted by admin Categories News Comments No comments yet Apple Fest Pix! I got to play the 2009, 4th Annual Apple Festival, including 2 of me & Ryan Socrates (on percussion) playing music there at the Union Project (on Sat., Oct. 24, 2009). The pictures were taken by Larry Rippel. Needless to say, the Appl […] Read More   → ​ Previous entries navigation entries_navigation /#main « Prev Month July 2019 Next Month » « Prev Day July 21, 2019 Next Day » References x Current Date View all events M T W Th F Sa Su 1 2 3 1 Bellevue Farmers Market (Pgh, PA) 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 3 Bloomfield Farmers Market (Pgh, PA) Annex--Deutschtown Music Fest! Friendship Perk & Brew (Pgh, PA) 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 1 Swissvale Farmers Market (Pgh, PA) 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 1 Mars Brew House 28 29 30 31 1 2 3 4 Recent Comments Upcoming Concerts In Pgh | entertainment - shop for tickets on Shows […] Shows | Brad Yoder – Bloomfield Farmers Market (Pgh, PA) Saturday, Oct. 17, 9:30am-12:30pm Bloomfield Farmers Market, 5050 Liberty Anne on At The Table I love this song and I am hoping to sing this with a friend, but I am having difficult picking Abbey Anspach on Hair Loss Blues Hey brad i'm Abbey from your friend Mrs. Shepard's (Joy's) class and we all listen to your music all the David Bennett on I Hope We Get To Do It Again A marvelous song. The sense of grateful thanks and hopeful expectation keeps bringing me back to listen again and again. Amy on Somewhere in the Constellation I feel a reverberation, a resonance that you thought would never come back as strong, this is beautiful. Beautiful words /#sidebar /#content /#wrap #ultra_wrapper © 2016 By The Pound Media. All rights reserved. Powered by Sitecats ®, Inc. 