Flute Maker - Native American Style Flutes - Traditional and Non-Traditional HEAR FLUTES ....   Click Flute Page | Traditional Flutes | Drone Flutes | Specialty Flutes   Traditional Flutes Native American Flute Music is Natural Stress Relief Traditional Native American Style Flutes Non-Traditional Specialty Style Flutes GREETINGS from Jerry Fretwell Your Flute Maker PHOTO: Jerry Fretwell Flute Maker & Performer He is playing a Medium Size Flute tuned to the key of A and made from Aromatic Cedar. Click Here - Listen to the Medium Size Flute ~ Key of A "Thank You for taking the time to invite me into your day. Music is an ancient way to alter our consciousness and communicate with all our relations. It is used for meditation, healing, and therapy. The flute is always a spiritual experience for both me, the maker, and you the player. The flute is more than a wooden musical instrument. To play the flute, you must breathe with the flute. I've had people say it's just like Yoga. I am honored that my path has led me to be a maker of these wonderful instruments. I would love the opportunity to create a flute for you. About My Introduction to Making Flutes I am a native Virginian. I was adopted at birth.I always felt like I didn't quite fit in. I turned to music at an early age. I began playing bass, guitar, and harmonica. I played on the road, nationally throughout the US during the 70's. I have always had a passion for working with wood. I've built custom cabinets, collapsible drum stages and speaker cabinets. In the late 1990's-2000, my wife and I had a band here in Missouri. My oldest son, (Jeremy), joined our band and we were ready to go back on the road again with our music. Then tragedy struck , Jeremy's son, Lucas, was diagnosed with Leukemia. Life stopped. We put everything on hold and waited. We were blessed with a miracle. We found out that Jeremy's second son, Andrew, was a perfect match, as a bone marrow donor. Because of that, Lucas is living a normal life today. During this time, Jeremy quite the band and we still had band contracts to fill. Numerous personnel changes in the band led us to a guitar player by the name of Steve Bartha. The second band practice, he brought his Native American Flutes with him. For me, it was love at first sound. I knew this was my calling. It was a perfect match between my musical gift and my wood working gift. This changed our life course, FOREVER. I became consumed with the passion to build these amazing instruments. I would come home from work, every night and build flutes in our garage. By September of 2001, I quite my day job and we have been making flutes full-time ever since. From our home and workshop in the peaceful woods by the spectacular Stockton Lake in Missouri, we make and sell flutes all over the world." This week, April 2017, our friend Steve Bartha, passed away (way too young, in my opinion). Below are links to Steve's Song. He created it, he played, and he traded it to us for a flute. The title is: "The Forest Dance". Hear it on Sound Click http://www.soundclick.com/html5/v3/player.cfm?type=single... Hear it on Sound Cloud (If you are listening with your cell phone) https://soundcloud.com/fretwellflutes/the-forest-dance PHOTO: Jerry is playing a large Drone Flute made from Zebrawood. Drones are flutes that have two voices. You play your melody and the second voice accompanies you producing a surreal experience. Listen to the Large Drone Flute ~ Key of G - Click Here   GREETINGS from Lisa Fretwell Leather Bag Maker     My two greatest joys are: Teaching someone to play flute and knowing that my music has touched someone. Whether you play Native American Flute or listen to the flute, my goal is to have you experience flying. For me, playing the flute lets me fly. Listen to our recent CD entitled Glidin' in the Updraft and you'll feel what I mean by flying. Music has played a tremendous role all throughout my life. All of my memories are attached to whatever song I was listening to at the time. The songs I write are inspired by my personal experiences. For instance: Myanmar Terra, off of our 3rd CD was written because of the way I felt when viewing the video's of the devastation in Myanmar(Burma). My grandfather was adopted into the Assiniboin Tribe, but I am not a member of a federally-recognized tribe. Dream BIG, Live FULLY, Lisa Fretwell ~ Makin' Music to Sleep by ~   Our Online Answers How to Choose Your Flute The parts of your Native American Flute       Flute Care Beginner Playing I Beginner Playing II Beginner Playing III Fingering Charts       Leather Flute or Pipe Carrying Bags         Play Flute with Others         Pipe Stems         Retail Outlets   FYI The Native American Flute is the only melodic wind instrument belonging to the People of this continent and the only instrument indigenous exclusively to the United States. The Native American flute, while not common among all Nations, did indeed stretch from the west to the east. “Indian Love Flutes” have always been an important part of Native American culture. Indian flutes are known for being made from aromatic cedar and other woods indigenous to the area that they were made in. .   Lisa's Grandfather Chief Eagle Friend Assiniboin Tribe   You have within you the power and all things necessary to do what you have been called to do. What have you been called to do?   Why Do We Make Flutes?     FLUTES FOR RECORDING ARTISTS Roger and Esther Subirana       "Apreciated Jerry and Lisa, THANKS! I have no words for your treasure. I feel like a child!!. The flute sounds like heaven!! Today arrive at home. I attached the picture that we just did. She is Esther my wife and singer. ...I hope that you understand my poor english, jajaja... I will try to rec something interesting with your/our winded treasure. With our heart. Roger and Esther." ~~ Roger Subirana Internet Customer Barcelona, Spain   FLUTES FOR LIVE PERFORMERS The Venice Boardwalk Jam Band with Karen Sperling playing her Fretwell Flutes.     FREE ** LIVE MUSIC WHO: The Venice Boardwalk Jam Band WHERE: Venice, California U.S.A. Located at corner of Dudley in front of Candle Cafe n Venice Bistro Bar WHEN: Every Sunday, 11am-5pm   COMPLEMENTARY FLUTES FOR GROUPS Tsalagi Flute Youth Ensemble Tahlequah, OK   We are proud to be sponsors of the Talequah Native American Flute Circle and the Tsalagi Flute Youth Ensemble located in Tahlequah, Oklahoma. In the picture above, they are playing the special flutes we built for them . They are tuned to the same pitch (Key of C) and play in perfect harmony with each other.. Listen to complementary flutes. Click Here   FLUTES FOR EVERYONE   Around The Globe             If this is your first flute , look at the size of their hands holding their flute. Look at how far they stretch their fingers to play the flute. This will help you decide which size flute is best for you. We have flute customers all around the world. Read what they say about their Fretwell Flutes. See pictures of them. Click Here     * * SMILE , Be Joyful . * From My Collection of Smiles ~ Lisa Fretwell * My Great Grandma - 1930 * My Grandma - 1930 *   Our Native American Flute Music Now Playing: " Ulisi's Lullaby " A lullaby written for my grandson, Eli.       Listen To All Of Our Music SoundCloud   SoundClick   Click Here If you are using your Phone or an Android, listen with SoundCloud.   Click Here If you are using your PC, listen with SoundClick. Download our music for Free.         FYI We do not use PVC to make flutes. Do not purchase a flute made from PVC. PVC is a hazard to your health. Click Here to learn about PVC (Polyvinyl chloride). * * From: Me To: You * Blatant resistance on my part to actively pursue, is always Fear based. Figuring out what my fear is can be a challenge. Holding that dream 'UP', and looking at it when I'm feeling stuck in my life, keeps me going. If I were to 'prove my pet theory wrong', by pursuing the dream and not succeeding, then I have 'nothing' to hold up and gaze at when I feel hopeless. Usually my sabotage, my reason for refusing to pursue, includes a variation of this phrase, "If only this would happen, then,,, I could do it." * * Copyright © 2001- All Rights Reserved http://www.FretwellFlutes.com - Phone: (417) 535- 6032 ~ Native American Flute Music ~ Native American Flute Instruction ~ The Musicians' Flute Maker - Concert Quality - A440 Tuned - Musical Instrument last update 05-18-2019 