Chitterybite Ceilidh Band Scotland body start html embeds start body start html embeds end HOME WEDDINGS CEILIDH/DISCO TESTIMONIALS GALLERY SET LIST SLOANS CONTACT More Chitterybite Ceilidh Band Ceilidh at Old Fruitmarket Ceilidh dancing at Sloans Ballroom Chitterybite Ceilidh Band Ceilidh Band for Weddings Chitterybite Ceilidh Band Logo 1/11 Chitterybite Scottish Ceilidh Band Chitterybite are a well established exciting and dynamic ceilidh collective providing top quality traditional musicians for private parties, company events, weddings, charity ceilidh's and Burns Supper evenings.   Dance the night away to an eclectic mix of Scottish traditional ceilidh and contemporary song. The band features a variety of top quality musicians playing fiddle, accordion, piano, guitar, mandolin, bouzouki and whistle and we place great importance on the role of our caller. Every lineup features this important individual who helps instruct with the dances and entertains the dancers with some good crack!. We also perform contemporary and roots acoustic songs upon request while the audience takes a well earned breather from the dancing! Depending on your requirements Chitterybite provide  three or four piece lineups for ceilidh dancing and also for drinks receptions, parties and dinner events where ambient backing music is required. Our clients include: BBC Children in Need, Athens St Andrews Society, The Glenmorangie Company, The British Interplanetary Society, Scottish Enterprise, Depra the Food Standards Agency. The Chitterz have played in a variety of venues up and down the land including Glasgow Radisson Blu, Glasgow Science Centre, Glasgow University, Edinburgh Castle, the Athens Intercontinental, One Devonshire Gardens, Turnberry, Loch Lomond Golf Club. Check out the Chitterz set list and read testimonials from our happy customers.   See and hear us in action by viewing our photo gallery or listen here. To make a booking enquiry and discuss your wedding please call us on 07967 910388 or contact us by email     Videos Tel: 07967 910388 All content © 2019 Chitterybite Ceilidh Band No Footer body end html embeds start body end html embeds end 