Garnet Rogers — Canadian Singer-Songwriter BIOGRAPHY BUY CDs BUY THE BOOK LIVE DATES GALLERY HIGH RESOLUTION VIDEO PRESS CONTACT END HUNGER BIOGRAPHY In a darkened bedroom, lit only by the amber glow from an old floor model radio, two young brothers aged 6 and 12 lay in their beds, listening to the country music broadcasts from the Grand Ol’ Opry, and practiced their harmonies. Two years later, the youngest one was playing the definitive 8-year-old’s version of “Desolation Row” on his ukulele. He soon abandoned that instrument to teach himself the flute, violin and guitar. Within ten years, and barely out of high school, Garnet Rogers was on the road as a full-time working musician with his older brother Stan. Together they formed what has come to be accepted as one of the most influential acts in North American folk music. Since then, Garnet Rogers has established himself as ‘One of the major talents of our time”. Hailed by the Boston Globe as a “charismatic performer and singer”, Garnet is a man with a powerful physical presence – close to six and a half feet tall – with a voice to match. With his “smooth, dark baritone” (Washington Post) his incredible range, and thoughtful, dramatic phrasing, Garnet is widely considered by fans and critics alike to be one of the finest singers anywhere. His music, like the man himself, is literate, passionate, highly sensitive, and deeply purposeful. Cinematic in detail, his songs “give expression to the unspoken vocabulary of the heart” (Kitchener Waterloo Record). An optimist at heart, Garnet sings extraordinary songs about people who are not obvious heroes and of the small victories of the everyday. As memorable as his songs, his over-the-top humour and lightning-quick wit moves his audience from tears to laughter and back again. “Garnet Rogers is capable of awe-inspiring and unpredictable stuff – and that includes more than just music” Resolutely independent, Garnet Rogers has turned down offers from major labels to do his music his own way.   Watch a new video/slideshow here – Next Turn of the Wheel NIGHT DRIVE – Travels with my Brother The book is available at my live shows, and you can NOW also purchase it here on my website. Click here Night Drive – buy the book You can check out a preview (to preview, use the ebook preview link which you can find under either ebook button.) Read Chapter One there and check the table of contents. Then if you like the sound of it, you can use those magic buttons to purchase the printed or ebook. Buy in traditional printed book form that I will mail to you, or as a downloadable eBook in PDF, an easy read on most devices. A video of me reading from the book will be available shortly. from the back cover… “So, here it is folks. Stories about how Stan and I grew up together, discovered music together, and learned to play in a band and travel together. How the songs got written and recorded. What life was like on the road before there was an independent music scene. And nearly every stupid, inexplicable and bizarre thing that could happen to a pair of young idiots who were naive enough to think they could play folk music for a living back in the mid- 70’s and early 80’s. The bar fights and the bike gangs, The police chases and the arrests. And a thousand gigs in every corner of North America. It’s all here. At least most of it…” Night Drive – Travels with my Brother Links Facebook Garnet Rogers on facebook Quarry at Black Point/Fogarty's Cove – Environmental Concerns and more Facebook page to discuss the proposed quarry at Black Point/Fogarty’s Cove in Guysborough County, Nova Scotia Wikipedia Garnet Rogers (born May 1955) is a Canadian folk musician, singer, songwriter and composer. He began his professional career working with his brother… Charities Feeding America Food Banks Canada Stephen Lewis Foundation The Hunger Site Search Bill Morrissey – a tribute… First posted on my Facebook page, July 26, 2011. ...have been thinking, as most of my friends have, about Bill Morrissey, these last few days. I met him in May of '83. My brother Stan and I were playing Payne Hall at Harvard, and Bill was the opener. We had heard of him, being the seasoned New England circuit veterans we were, but knew nothing about his music, or what kind of guy he was. He and his bass player, Grieg, sort of shambled in, and set their cases down and we began the wary business of trying to figure out what kind of nightmarish opener we were being lumbered with this time. We were hitting light speed around then, career wise, it being about a month before Stan's death, and any other act on the bill was seen as either an amateurish intrusion, or, if they were good, someone to be overwhelmed and stomped. Stan in particular, had a very competitive streak, and this little unassuming guy was being touted to us as a "great songwriter" and a potential next big thing. Of all the nerve. We were however, prepared to be friendly within the limits of our band culture which frowned on outsiders, and we broke open a case of beer, and got out the guitars. More... Get smart with the Thesis WordPress Theme from DIYthemes. WordPress Admin [if lte IE 8]> <div id="ie_clear"></div> <![endif] 