Music, Artist, Manager | Switzerland | DTC Classics GmbH Home Orchestras Partners Testimonials Owner & MD Projects Cooperations Gallery Contact Menu Home Orchestras Partners Testimonials Owner & MD Projects Cooperations Gallery Contact legal notice print   |   recommend   |   legal notice header? FullWidthSliderBlock DTC Classics GmbH In 2015 the concert agency DTC Classics GmbH celebrated the 30th anniversary. The company was established in 1985 by Dina Thoma-Tennenbaum and has become a leading classical music agency in Switzerland. DTC Classics GmbH, as a general contractor, is spezialized in organizing concerts and musical events all over Switzerland.   As a full-service agency, DTC Classics GmbH books the halls, sets up the ticket sale, establishs the art work, prints program brochures, posters, flyers and ads. We are responsible for ticketsales, and handle all aspects of communication. We offer full technical assistance for stage and backstage issues. Full accounting of all costs and revenues, generated from the concerts in a timely manner is self-evident.   DTC Classics GmbH also assists foreign orchestras in obtaining Swiss visas, renting instruments and arranging music scores. We take care of the artists and orchestras in a personal manner and make them feel at ease while on tour with us.   We consult, create and accompany the customer from the beginning to the very end.   Your satisfaction is our priority! Welcome The company was established in 1985 by Dina Thoma-Tennenbaum and has become a leading classical music agency in Switzerland. DTC classics is involved in the promotion and marketing of events as well as representing a small number of distinguished artists. Orchestras During the last 3 years, DTC successfully produced concerts with the State Symphony Orchestra of Russia/Mark Gorenstein, the Philharmony Baden-Baden and tenor Ramon Vargas, discover more of our succesful collaborations. Managing Director DTC Classics GmbH Murbacherstrasse 19 6003 Lucerne, Switzerland Tel.   +41 (0)76 389 06 81 d.thoma@dtc-classics.ch   #content Zur Desktop-Version   Home Orchestras Partners Testimonials     Owner & MD Projects & Cooperations Contact Legal notice                 DTC Classics GmbH Murbacherstrasse 19 6003 Luzern, Switzerland d.thoma@dtc-classics.ch Nach oben Button 