Home - Cavalcade of Bands Association, Inc. Cavalcade of Bands Association, Inc. Education Through Musical Involvement Cavalcade Marching Jazz Indoor Cavalcade Marching Jazz Indoor Breaking News July 9, 2019  – To all directors, if you haven’t contacted show hosts to sign up for your marching band shows this fall, please do so now. While many shows have filled up, many more still have openings and would enjoy having you at your show. July 9, 2019 – Revised and restructured Marching Band Rules and Regulations are now posted on the Marching page in the teal box. All  bold and italic  details are new for this season based on voting at our May meeting. This information is broken down into four sections: Marching Band Activities Show Host Information Judges and Judging Parameters Championship Information Directors and staffs, please make sure to familiarize yourself with our rules, especially the many new ones for 2019. We hope this new format is helpful with your planning.     MARCHING BAND CHAMPIONSHIP INFORMATION May 20, 2019 — We are pleased to announce that we have secured the use of John A. Farrell Stadium, on the campus of West Chester University, as our new, non-Hershey, Marching Band Championship stadium! We are very excited to be working with the WCU music and facility staff to bring one of our end of season championship events to this 7,500-capacity stadium. The WCU site will replace the Allentown (J Birney Crum) stadium from the past three years. Performance divisions, locations and approximate show times, are as follows: Saturday November 9, 2019 Hershey Park Stadium – Patriot A & American A / Patriot Open & American Open West Chester University – Yankee A & Independence A / Yankee Open & Independence Open Sunday November 10, 2019 Hershey Park Stadium – Liberty A & Liberty Open Approximate starting times for all A shows will be around noon and all Open shows around 5:00 pm. Awards at Hershey should be completed by at least 10:30 pm both evenings, if not sooner. For WCU, there is a noise ordnance time of 10:00 pm where there can be no more playing in the stadium. Awards will most likely be around 9:30 or 9:45 pm. Exact times of each show and many other championship details, will be developed over the summer.     This message is only visible to admins: Unable to display Facebook posts Error: The 'manage_pages' permission must be granted before impersonating a user's page. Type: OAuthException Code: 190 Click here to Troubleshoot . Upcoming Events Event Sep 14 Gloucester City Show 09/14/19 @ 7:00 pm - 11:30 pm // Price, Venue Name, Street, City, State or Province, Postal Code, Country, Venue Phone, Organizer Name .list-info View More… Sponsors Partners © Copyright 2019 Cavalcade of Bands Association, Inc.. All Rights Reserved 