bala body start html embeds start body start html embeds end © 2017 by Bala Chamber Brass. M Meet Bala Chamber Brass The award-winning Bala Chamber Brass thrills audiences around the globe with their infectious spirit, daring and exciting programming, and exceptional performances. A brass quintet dedicated to furthering the art of brass music performance, Bala was the first group of its kind to be invited to participate in the 2002 Osaka International Chamber Music Festa in Osaka, Japan. The Boston area chamber ensemble was also awarded the bronze medal at the 2001 Fischoff Chamber Music Competition, as well as being honored as a finalist in the 2001 Coleman Chamber Music Competition.   In their efforts to promote the brass ensemble genre, Bala enjoys collaborations with a diverse group of composers and artists and actively commissions new works. Recent commissions and world premiers include Robert Bradshaw’s Revealed , Norman Bolter’s Shorelight Breeze , Whitman Brown's Knuckleball , and Jeremy Spindler's As It Went By . Many of these works have been premiered at the International Trumpet Guild Conferences (2006, 2009, 2012) and the International Tuba and Euphonium Conference (2008).   Committed to fostering music through education, the quintet frequently conducts master classes and educational concerts for young persons. Bala has been featured on the campuses of Austin Peay State University, Drexel University, Kutztown University, Southern New Hampshire University, University of Massachusetts, University of Connecticut, Wisconsin Lutheran College, Lakeside College, the Conservatory of Music at Purchase College-State University of New York, Phillips Academy, and Bridgewater State College.   Bala was honored to participate in a two-week residency at the Banff Centre in Alberta, Canada, during the summer of 2009 and was Artist in Residence during the 2010 season at Boston University’s Tanglewood Institute.   Members of Bala "Bala has performed at Shepherd College on several occasions, from a full formal recital to an informal master-class for the college brass quintets. They have always impressed the audience, faculty, and students with their musicianship and knowledge.  The fact that we bring them back every year is a testament to the quality of their appearances."  -Dr. Frank S. Gazda, Faculty, Shepherd College Shepherdstown, WV. “Bala Brass are an outstanding group of the 21st century where, style, musicianship and impeccable playing are taken for granted." -Graham Ashton, Chair of Brass, Purchase College & Director of the Graham Ashton Brass Ensemble. ”Amazing virtuosity!"   -Dave Hickman, Regents Professor of Trumpet, Arizona State University.   Trumpet Soloist & Founder of the Summit Brass. T 01 02 03 TESTIMONIALS B Please contact us via email or the form below.  We will return your message ASAP. BOOKING  management@balabrass.org 617-861-7819 Send Fred Sienkiewicz trumpet Andy Stetson trumpet Kristen Sienkiewicz horn Robert Hoveland trombone John Bottomley tuba Click on a photo to download. P PRESS KIT ​ Bala black & white press photo Home Meet Bala Recordings Testimonials Press Kit Contact More All sound clips on this website are © 2003-present, and may not be used in any form without written permission from Bala Brass. R Sound Samples: Abstract Mosaics by Clint Needham - Bala Chamber Brass 00:00 / 00:00 Cavatina Pacifica by Ian McDougall - Bala Chamber Brass 00:00 / 00:00 Deux Ex Machina Beauport Classics: BC41522 Premiere Recording A cutting-edge steampunk opera by Robert J. Bradshaw featuring vintage Victorian sounds, organ, and brass quintet. Global Music Awards named Deus Ex Machina among the top ten albums of 2015. Bala Brass: Revealed Beauport Classics: BC41420 All Premiere Recordings: Revealed (Robert Bradshaw) For Then and Now (Laurence Bitensky) Daylight at Midnight (Dana Wilson) Cavatina Pacifica (Ian McDougall) Celebration and Reflection (Jack Gallagher) Air Sculptures (David Jex) Abstract Mosaics (Clint Needham) In Concert II: New Music for Concert Beauport Classics: BC2803 Featuring Bala Brass Daniel Schnyder's Brass Quintet. Bala Brass: Passports Beauport Classics: BC41627 All premiere recordings of Latin American music for brass quintet. A wonderful mix of arrangements and original music from some of Latin America's greatest composers of folkloric and popular music. Music from México, Peru, Colombia, Argentina, et al. Caballito Nicoyano - Bala Brass (Costa Rica) 00:00 / 00:00 RECORDINGS Home Meet Bala Recordings Testimonials Press Kit Contact More No Footer body end html embeds start body end html embeds end 