 Presenting Harpist Anne Roos Specializing in Celtic Harp Music -Specializing in Performance on the Celtic Harp 530.541.2575 Email Anne Contact Anne   Menu Home About News Blog What's New Upcoming Events Press Kits Media Buy Anne's Harp Music Harp Music Videos E-Cards Photo Gallery Press Photos Performance Photos Fun Photos With Friends Buy Music Buy Anne's Harp Music Free MP3 Download Be Part of Anne's Recordings Weddings Rate Info Wedding Music FAQs Listen to Wedding Music Wedding Music Playlists Proposals Elopements and Intimate Weddings Celebrity Weddings Wedding Links Buy Anne's Harp Music Reviews Your Event Rate Info Press Kits Concerts & Festivals Black Tie & Business Events School Programs Music Playlists Reviews Harp Lessons Rate Info Contact "Beautiful Music!" --United Airlines Inflight Music Service "Your harp sounded so beautiful as I walked down the aisle, it brought tears to my eyes." -- Erin, Oakland, California "We loved having Anne come to our home to perform. Anne's music is fabulous and she was great with our house concert guests. - -Judy, Clearlake, California "Anne plays the finest Celtic harp version of Stairway to Heaven ever made." --Ian Chillag, Co-Host of NPR Radio's "How to Do Everything" "My 7 year-old daughter is having a lot of fun and success taking harp lessons from Anne. I highly recommend her to both kids and adults!" --Teah, Carson City, Nevada "Anne's harp playing turned our silent auction event into a beautiful experience...A touch of heaven." --Andre Pessis, President, San Francisco Chapter of the Recording Academy® "It was listening to your CDs that inspired me to take up the harp!" --Irene, Edmonton, Alberta, Canada Introducing Award-Winning Harpist Anne Roos Welcome to Anne Roos’ website. Feel free to explore—Learn about Anne, check out her huge music playlists, watch videos, listen to sample tracks, even get a free download. Find out what’s she’s been up to, and read up on her latest blog entries. View the above menu items to get more info about Anne, and then contact her to play for any reason that you can dream of. Anne Roos is a highly sought-after harpist for weddings and private events, on stage at concerts and festivals, and in the recording studio and on camera. Tracks from her high-quality recordings play internationally. As a harp teacher, she makes learning fun for her audiences at school assemblies, and for her in-person students and worldwide Skype and FaceTime students. Anne Roos is the multi-faceted performer who delivers the musicianship and professionalism that you expect. Anne's credits include performance on the Grammy® Award winning Best New Age Album for 2015. Anne’s consistent 5-star reviews landed her WeddingWire’s Couple’s Choice Award® for seven years and counting. Her harp music played internationally for passengers on United Airlines. Anne played the Celtic harp for the Lord Mayor of Dublin Ireland and other dignitaries. You’ll find her TV performances on YouTube, and you’ll hear her rock music tracks played on National Public Radio’s “How to Do Everything” show. Anne’s recordings even found their way into animated e-cards. Anne’s 30+ years of performance experience sets her apart from other musicians. It’s no wonder she can take requests and perform skilled renditions of your favorite tunes. Just name it—Anne aims to please.   Next Appearance Anne Roos House Concert August 30, 2019, 6:30 PM - 9:00 PM Someone's Living Room In a Private Home, South Lake Tahoe, California, 530-541-2575 See Anne's Upcoming Event Calendar Videos All Videos Metallica, Lynyrd Skynyrd, and More Anne Roos - Celtic Harp Music Recording Studio Performance   </h2 Learn to Play The Harp Learn How to Play The Celtic Harp: Take lessons in person And via Skype/FaceTime Buy Anne's Music Anne's music is available at iTunes &  Amazon.com Buy Autographed CDs with your VISA or MC: Call 530-541-2575 Anne's Media Sample and Buy Anne's Music Harp Music Videos Photo Gallery E-Cards FREE Mp3 Download Receive a FREE mp3 Download Join Anne's Email List For New Music and Concert Info BEGIN: Constant Contact Email List Form Button Join My Email List BEGIN: Email Marketing you can trust For Email Marketing you can trust.                       Read View reviews: in   .page-fence .site-content-inside #content Facebook Blog Instagram LinkedIn Pinterest Twitter YouTube Home | About Anne |   Performance Calendar | Contact & Rate Info | Website Privacy Policy For information regarding this website: visionASP © 2019 Anne Roos Call Send SMS Call from mobile Add to Skype You'll need Skype Credit Free via Skype 