Home Home Jack's Blog About Jack Contact Us ----------------------------------- THE CONTENT ----------------------------------------------- MAIN CONTENT Archtop Hand carved front and back Sunburst Archtop Hand carved front and back JsBubinga Hand carved front and back RM Base  Indian rosewood RM Deluxe Honduran rosewood back and sidesMaster grade 4A spruce topAbalone/mother of pearl inlayCorian... JS CB Sting This unique guitar has features specially requested by the customer. D42 Style Dreadnaught Adirondack spruce top Indian rosewood sides and back Paua Abalone inlay Headstock face is the... END MAIN CONTENT NAVIGATOR Previous Next Archtop Sunburst Archtop JsBubinga RM Base RM Deluxe JS CB Sting D42 Style Dreadnaught Search Search... Like us on Facebook Powered by Spearhead Softwares Joomla Facebook Like Button  ® Jack Coobs, luthier and musician, builds beautiful instruments with an artist’s eye, a musician’s ear, and a machinist’s precision. Member- Association of Stringed Instrument Artisans And Guild of American Luthiers   Welcome Coobs guitars provides the finest in custom hand crafted guitars available today. Each guitar is painstakingly constructed by Jack using the best woods, the finest techniques and the precision that comes only from a true artisan. To view some of the instruments he offers, click on the gallery Image rotator for a guitar style you are interested in to display more detailed information of fine instruments. If you are interested in an instrument designed and crafted to your specifications, please feel free to contact Jack and he will be happy to work with you and build the perfect guitar.                         For a custom electric guitar, check out my site at: Proud Client of Tradebank International   Listen to these fine instruments: RM Base Model Guita r  Rudy Brhel: The Water Is Wide JS-CB Sting Guitar Karl Ruch: Jack's Dream Coobs Guitars is a Buzz Feiten Tuning System® Authorized Retrofitter. Contact us about retrofitting your instrument. 