 Ethos, Inc. Ethos, Inc. About Us History of Ethos Mission and Organizational Philosophy Faculty & Staff Ethos Staff Rural Music Facilitators Board of Directors Jobs at Ethos Contact Support Make a Financial Contribution Donate an Instrument Fred Meyer Community Rewards AmazonSmile Volunteer at Ethos Our Supporters Ovation Gala 2019 Outreach Programs Music Across Oregon – Rural Outreach Music Corps – Urban Outreach News and Events Ethos in the News 2018-2019 Academic Calendar Event Calendar Enroll Enroll – Group Classes Enroll – Private Lessons 2019 Summer Camps Español “That missing piece of you has been found.” Enroll now for 2019 Summer Camps! Enrollment opens February 1st for 2019 summer camps at Ethos! Now is a great time to sign up for camps to ensure your kiddo has a spot this summer. This summer, Ethos offers week-long full-day Rock Band, Hip-Hop, Guitar, Percussion, Piano and Strings Camps from 9am – 4:30pm for kids ages 6-12. We also offer half-day Rock Band Camp for kids ages 10-14 and […] “Music is His Heart” Welcome to Ethos Founded in 1998, Ethos provides group classes, private lessons, summer camps and music outreach programs to over 7,000 youth across Oregon. Ethos has been named one of the top 50 after school arts programs by the President's Commission for the Arts and Humanities on 8 separate occasions. Support Ethos is dedicated to the promotion of music education for all youth, regardless of their socioeconomic status or geographic location. Our lessons, classes and outreach efforts are possible because of the generous organizations and individuals that have supported Ethos over the years. If you would like to help us share the benefits of music education with kids all […] Learn More Enroll – Group Classes Ethos’ group classes offer kids the opportunity to learn the basics about various musical instruments and genres in a fun and supportive environment. Students engage with their instructor and other kids, as they learn to work and play together as a group. Ethos offers group classes for students ages 2 – 18, as well as […] Learn More About Us We believe that all kids, regardless of socioeconomic status or geographic location, deserve access to music education. Founded in 1998 in Portland, Oregon, Ethos is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit that provides music lessons, group classes, camps, multicultural performances and workshops to more than 7,000 students across Oregon each year. Initial classes were held in a basement at the […] Learn More The main column ends begin footer Sign up for Ethos’ Newsletter Find Us Online Notice of Non-Discrimination Ethos’ programs and services reflect the cultural diversity of our community. We do not discriminate on the basis of religion, race, color, ethnicity, sex, gender identity or expression, national origin, sexual orientation, age, disability or veteran status. Copyright © 2019 · All Rights Reserved · Ethos, Inc. "Ethos" is a federally registered trademark of Ethos, Inc. · RSS Feed · Log in ngg_resource_manager_marker 