HOME | Dana Leong Skip to content Skip to main menu #header Menu Mobile menu toggle HOME ABOUT VIDEO PROJECTS One Eyed Orange Tektonik Education Requirements MUSIC DATES UPCOMING DATES PAST DATES PHOTOS PRESS CONTACT #site-navigation #main-menu #main-menu-container “Leong is at home in the world of sound” – South China Morning Post “Highlight, worthy of the red carpet” – Cayman Compass #slider-large DANA LEONG | Music Without Borders Composer, cellist and trombonist Dana Leong fuses jazz, classical and pop to create a signature boundless sound. Dana’s pioneering collages of musical styles has garnered critical acclaim and wowed audiences around the world. BRAND AMBASSADOR AT IHG’s CROWNE PLAZA HOTELS! .entry-header We are thrilled to announce that this month Dana Leong is chosen as the face of IHG’s Crowne Plaza Hotels in Shanghai. Please have a look and share this video story ! Read more BRAND AMBASSADOR AT IHG’s CROWNE PLAZA HOTELS! › .entry-content .post-entry Posted in Cello , Press Tagged with Crowne Plaza Hotels , Dana Leong , Harmony Heals , Perfect Rhythm , Shanghai .entry-meta .post-data #post-## Dana Leong & TEKTONIK Celebrate $484 Million Dollar Renovation of Hong Kong Jocky Club! .entry-header After a $484 million dollar renovation, Hong Kong’s Chief Executive Carrie Lam announces the grand reopening of the 160+ year old Tai Kwun Jockey Club Building as the Center for Culture and Heritage. Marking the launch, is a stunning music, animation & projection mapping installation with an original score by Dana Leong & TEKTONIKmusic.org   .entry-content .post-entry Posted in Cello , Composer , New Release! , Shows , Trombone , Video .entry-meta .post-data #post-## Dana Leong and TEKTONIK Available for Booking! .entry-header Dana Leong, the two-time Grammy Award winning musician, composer, and producer, and TEKTONIK, an artist collective started for the purpose of using music as a vehicle to overcome natural disasters and support trauma-stricken parts of the world, are available for bookings. Whether it is a performance, guest appearance, recording, or presentation, do not miss an opportunity to enhance your event with electronic music that combines funk, rock, and hip-hop or with inspiring insight about life with music and energy that creates wellness and enrichment.   Dana and TEKTONIK have given keynote performances and speeches at numerous events, large and small, including: 48th Annual World Economic Forum Davos Congress, TEDXShanghai, IPCN TV’s Fashion Weekend, the Shanghai Arts Festival, the Alibaba Xin Philanthropy Conference, the United Nations, the Harvard Kennedy School, The Li Ka Shing Foundation, the AMTD-Lendit Fintech Technology Summit, the New York Rubin Museum of Art and more. Together, Dana and TEKTONIK’s performances, music videos, and live-streamed productions have reached audiences of more than 100 million. They can help amplify your brand’s message to your audience, host public and corporate workshops on physical and spiritual wellness, earn trust and credibility with your consumers, and even propel sales and productivity! In addition, their large, loyal, and engaged social following makes them the perfect partner for events and special occasions supporting strategic marketing campaigns. To book Dana and TEKTONIK, just fill out the attached form with the type of event you are hosting, the purpose of your event, how you would like them to engage, estimated audience size, and any necessary accommodations. They will be happy to oblige and enrich your event as they have done for so many others. TEKTONIK Booking Form:  http://tektonikmusic.mikecrm.com/xjVU7Xt .entry-content .post-entry Posted in Shows Tagged with booking .entry-meta .post-data #post-## Science, Music Therapy and Hawaiian Hula Uniting In China? Yes! .entry-header It’s believed that music has been used since practically the beginning of time to help humans deal with difficult feelings and better connect to one another.  What is music therapy? According to the American Music Therapy Association, “Music Therapy is the clinical and evidence-based use of music interventions to accomplish individualized goals within a therapeutic relationship by a credentialed professional who has completed an approved music therapy program.” Read more Science, Music Therapy and Hawaiian Hula Uniting In China? Yes! › .entry-content .post-entry Posted in Shows .entry-meta .post-data #post-## Dana Leong with Grammy Award winning artists! .entry-header China’s music scene is continuously expanding and thriving, as musicians continue to innovate with their creations. The enterprising spirit of the Chinese has resulted in the much anticipated news; Grammy is expanding into China! The Grammy Festival will be happening at Beijing’s ChangYang Music Theme Music Park on April 30th.  It will feature Grammy winners Pharrell Williams, Macy Gray, Phoenix and Daya and Grammy nominees James Bay, Carly Rae Jepsen, One Republic, and more! Read more Dana Leong with Grammy Award winning artists! › .entry-content .post-entry Posted in Shows .entry-meta .post-data #post-## Posts navigation ← Older posts .nav-links .navigation #main Downloads Download our 2017 Highlights Read About Dana Watch Dana Play Listen WordPress HTML5 Audio Player Plugin Get Dana Leong News Community Last Tweets Lot more left to give and lot more left to do! Inspired by @mannypacquiao who is still at it and training harder th… https://t.co/CDnlwymQab , 15 hours ago Life is funny the way energy can pull you in so many directions. The very day I donated all but one last white shir… https://t.co/s3hpXQyPeZ , Jun 16 Repost @TektonikMusic #Brainstorm ! You’re not as crazy as you think, seriously. “Unfinished ideas and projects can… https://t.co/g87x5zaZBx , Jun 13 Follow @danaleongmusic end of #widgets #content-blog end of #wrapper end of #container #footer-widgets-container #footer-menu .social-icons #social-icons-container #menu-social-container Copyright 2019 Tateo Sound .copyright end .powered ↑ .scroll-top #footer-base #footer-wrapper #footer 