Home Page msnavigation mstheme                       mstheme msnavigation msnavigation mstheme mstheme msnavigation mstheme     Fri Jun 28th  Texas Pride BBQ   Sat Jun 29th   Falls City Community Center PUBLIC  Tue July 2  Continental Cafe   Fri July 5   Max's Roadhouse   July 6  Tejas Rodeo!   mstheme mstheme webbot bot="Navigation" S-Type="children" S-Orientation="vertical" S-Rendering="graphics" B-Include-Home="TRUE" B-Include-Up="FALSE" U-Page S-Target startspan webbot bot="Navigation" endspan i-checksum="24914" mstheme mstheme mstheme mstheme   We had a busy first part of April, playing 14 shows in 15 days.    Hope to see  you on  Friday June 28th at Texas Pride BBQ.  Great food and a large pavilion.  Sat June 29th we return to the FALLS CITY COMMUNITY Center for a Public Dance.  Fri July 5th we're back  at Max's  Roadhouse.   Then Sat July 6th we return to the TEJAS RODEO for a great rodeo and dance after the rodeo.  Always a huge crowd.   Mark your calendars and hope to see you out!    Make advance plans to come out to the St Benedict's 60yr Alumni Celebration on Sat July 27th at St. Jerome's Hall.  Open to the Public! Congrats to fiddling sensation Regina Matthews on her 1 year anniversary with  Cactus Country!!  Regina is a Nine time Champion fiddler who brings great energy to the stage.  Audiences love her great playing and showmanship.  We are so excited to have her on stage.  Come out and check out some new songs we've added to showcase her talents.  Here are some video links you can check out!   Cactus Country at the Rustic Aug 2018    https://youtu.be/ef27geyLYLg Regina showcases her talents at the Buckhorn: https://www.facebook.com/cactuscountry/videos/238403706875915/   Wagon Wheel  https://youtu.be/s0RQa_Z0_-E   We opened for Nashville Legend John Conlee in June at the neat Round Up Beer Garden in Bergheim.  Great crowd.  We'll return to the Round Up in the spring.   Here's video of a special song that brought the house down!  Just click on the link :  https://youtu.be/7poAANDgXXg ALSO you can now join us on         or go to www.facebook.com/cactuscountry Join our e-mail list to get monthly info: just email us as cactuscountry@satx.rr.com   .   We still have some openings to book your wedding for 2019 soon, we have almost 20 weddings booked already.  2020 weddings are starting to come in.  .          2017 & 2018  events   We had a blast at the San Antonio Spurs Season Ticket Holder Party held at The Rustic at the Rim!   Summer time fun at Crider's Rodeo near Hunt, Tx.       Xmas & New Years  at Quihi    plus State Fair of Texas Mainstage                  We had a blast at the San Antonio Spurs Season Ticket Holder Party held at Leon Springs Dancehall   Check out our photos with Tony Parker and our Mascot Jam.                 More photos on Latest News .         mstheme   Cactus Country opened for MIDLAND at the Oyster Bake.  They have also opened at that annual festival for RESTLESS HEART and Jana Kramer.  Plus we worked with  Texas legend Gary P. Nunn at Lonesome Dovefest, & Jack Ingram at Yorktown Western Days.  We performed at Western Days with the Bellamy Brothers on the bill and also  opened for John Conlee. mstheme mstheme   Cactus Country Band was established over 25 years ago, and through the years has become one of South Texas' most requested bands for weddings, conventions, private parties, and festivals.  In addition to mainstream C&W music, they can perform a variety of styles of music including oldies, classic rock, and event Latin hits  to satisfy even the most diverse audiences. mstheme mstheme Cactus Country's resume includes many regional festivals, and they are a favorite of the San Antonio Stock Show & Rodeo.  They have also performed at the Texas State Fair in Dallas.   Over the years they have been featured with many Nashville stars, including Steve Wariner, Restless Heart, Tracy Lawrence, Tracy Byrd,  Gary Allan, Johnny Lee, Clint Black, Jack Ingram, Charlie Daniel's Band, Dixie Chicks (before they were famous), Rex Allen Jr, Rick Trevino, Aaron Tippin, Johnny Rodriguez,  Bellamy Brothers, Doug Supernaw, Perfect Stranger, Paulette Carlson, Sylvia, Moe Bandy, Chris LeDoux, and LeeRoy Parnell.  They have also opened for Tejano Stars David Lee Garza, Jay Perez,  Roberto Pulido, Ram Herrera, Emilio, Gary Hobbs, and Grammy winner Ruben Ramos!  They opened for Grand Ole Opry Star John Conlee twice at the Yorktown Western Days and the Round up Event Center.  At the  Fiesta Oyster Bake they opened for new Nashville Artists Midland.   THey opened for Kevin Fowler last October. mstheme mstheme In 2000, Cactus Country was a state finalist in the True Value Country Music Showdown.  Previously, the band has been finalists in the Marlboro Country Music Talent Roundup and the Miller Battle of the Bands.  They have been the backup band the last 10  years for the Texaco Country Showdown, for both the local competition and the State Finals Competition, which is coordinated through the Nashville Headquarters.   This year's  State Finals  (North Texas) will be at Billy Bob's Texas in Forth Worth, with Cactus Country as the host band.   At Bayfest 2009, Cactus Country  opened for Nashville Star TRACY LAWRENCE.  In April 2010, we opened for RESTLESS HEART at the Fiesta Oyster Bake!  We had a great time with  Gary P. Nunn  at the Lonesome Dove Fest in Karnes City!  We'll also performed again with the legendary Rex Allen Jr in Waco.   And we played the Main Stage at State Fair of Texas. We opened for Country Music Hall of Fame member John Conlee at Yorktown Western Days.  In April we open for new Nashville artist Midland at Fiesta Oyster Bake! mstheme mstheme The band also had the privilege of traveling to Central America, playing two nights for a Texas-themed restaurant opening in San Jose, Costa Rica.  They regularly travel around the great state of TEXAS! mstheme mstheme The group performs regularly at 11th Street Cowboy Bar, Texas Pride BBQ, The Den, the QUIHI GUN CLUB, CRIDER'S RODEO, UTOPIA RODEOS, Hangin Tree Saloon, & Round UP Beer Garden. mstheme mstheme Cactus Country is proud to perform  promo events regularly  with                          Check out:     http://www.texasmusicconnection.com mstheme   mstheme Cactus Country is sponsored by mstheme mstheme mstheme mstheme mstheme mstheme mstheme mstheme mstheme This page was last updated on webbot bot="Timestamp" s-type="EDITED" s-format="%m/%d/%y" startspan 06/28/19 webbot bot="Timestamp" endspan i-checksum="13576" . mstheme msnavigation msnavigation msnavigation mstheme http://www.cactuscountryband.com Page design by Brenda Franckowiak Send comments to cactuscountry@satx.rr.com mstheme msnavigation 