Classical Guitarist Jon Rattenbury - UK Classical Guitarist and Wedding Musician Classical Guitarist and Spanish Guitarist Jon studied Classical Guitar with international soloist Paul Gregory, and holds an associate diploma in performance from Trinity College of music, London. He ha played professionally for several years, providing music for weddings, corporate functions and special events. In 2000 he was employed as the classical guitarist on Royal Caribbean Cruise Lines "Voyager of the Sea" – the world’s largest cruise ship. Jon has also played in many concerts and at festivals including the Brighton Festival, the Glastonbury Festival and the Bedford River Festival. In 2001 he released his debut CD entitled "Summers Evening" which features Spanish, Classical and Latin American solo guitar music. Jon often plays with Classical Guitarists & other musicians, including duos with voice, flute, mandolin and another guitar and with the Brighton Guitar Orchestra and the Tacet contemporary ensemble.     Jon would be honoured to perform for you, be it a wedding, private party or corporate event, he will treat your ears to the wonders of Spanish and / or Classical Guitar. Create the right atmosphere for your event. For weddings, Jon can play as guests are arriving, during the signing of the register and after the ceremony, - setting a special tone for your day. Often he is asked to provide music during the wedding breakfast or at a drinks reception. For other private or corporate events, provide a sophisticated setting for your guests with stylish and relaxing background music. Jon plays in a variety of styles covering four centuries of music. A demo CD is available on request with extracts from the following pieces:- Cavatina (from the Deer Hunter) – S. Myers Summertime – G. Gershwin Asurias - !. Albeniz Variations on a Theme of Mozart – F. Sor Farruca (flamenco) – P. Pena Rondo – F. Carulli Winter (theme) – A. Vivaldi Mi Favorita – Spanish Traditional Prelude in D – J.S. Bach Sons de Carrilhoes – J. Pernambuco Verano Porteno (tango) – A. Piazolla Jon also plays many arrangements of pop hits, jazz songs and songs from shows, including: Vincent, I Get a Kick Out Of You, Moon River, the Entertainer, Yesterday, If I Fell, Ain’t Necessarily So, As Time Goes By, Send in the Clowns, Because and many many more. Links  Go Prospecting for Gold for riches. This site is listed under Weddings Directory   Classical Guitarists Classical Guitarists In The UK. Site Map 