Erindale School of Music & Arts:Music Lessons in Mississauga    905-804-8796 social <span class="glyphicon glyphicon-menu-hamburger" aria-hidden="true"></span> <i class="rui-icon-menu"></i> <span class="glyphicon glyphicon-menu-hamburger" aria-hidden="true"></span> <i class="rui-icon-menu"></i> col-sm-6 Erindale School of Music & Arts col-sm-6   Call 905-804-8796 container HOME MUSIC PROGRAMS Accordion Lessons Drum Lessons Flute and Recorder Lessons Guitar Lessons Music Theory for RCM Exams Piano Lessons Saxophone and Clarinet Lessons Violin Lessons Voice Lessons School Recitals RCM Exams ART PROGRAMS Art Classes for Kids and Early Teens Art Classes for Adults and Late Teens Artworks by Students SCHEDULE & FEES ABOUT US Careers Hours/Location REGISTER MUSIC LESSONS and ART CLASSES for all! Piano, Guitar, Violin, Vocal, Drums, Flute, Saxophone, Clarinet, Accordion, Music Theory, Art Classes and much more col-sm-6 container What Makes Us Unique? We offer free 15 min consultations so that you can try out an instrument of your liking and meet your teacher. We offer 14 different programs to choose from. All our teachers have a passion for arts and music holding Masters and PhD degrees. Our students are known for receiving top RCM Scores, participating in Music Festivals across Ontario, and passing Iona High School and Cawthra High school auditions. We host annual recitals to encourage student to showcase their talents. We offer discounts to enroll additional family members, add a second instrument to practice, and discounts for students who enrol in full semesters. All classes are ongoing. You may start at any time! col-sm-6 </div>container <div class="container"> Music Classes PIANO LESSONS We provide fun and educational piano lessons in Mississauga for both children and adults. Regardless if you are a beginner or an advanced level student, our music school will accommodate any skill level. MORE INFO GUITAR LESSONS We teach all types of guitar: electric, acoustic, bass & classical guitar. Whether you are looking to master classical guitar or would like to learn how to play modern rock or pop tunes, our music school is a great place to start! MORE INFO VIOLIN LESSONS Violin is one of the most common instruments used in the orchestra. Students can start taking violin lessons at an average age of 5.5 years, which makes violin a great instrument to start learning music. MORE INFO row DRUM LESSONS Taking private drum lessons at our music school can help students become familiar with the modern music and boost their self-confidence. If you, your son or daughter likes this instrument and would like to learn some rock-n-roll, you should definitely try drum classes. MORE INFO FLUTE AND RECORDER LESSONS If you would like to learn how to play flute, recorder, clarinet or other types of flute, our accredited teachers will help you to master such skills. Start your flute lessons at our Mississauga location today! MORE INFO VOICE LESSONS Forget about stage fright and start singing like a pro! We offer professional voice lessons with repertoire ranging from jazz to pop. MORE INFO row SAXOPHONE AND CLARINET Master saxophone and clarinet with our professional instructors. MORE INFO ACCORDION LESSONS Accordion is an ideal choice for students who are looking for an instrument that they can bring to a party. MORE INFO MUSIC THEORY Our music theory lessons will prepare you for RCM theory and harmony exams as well as help you understand the rules behind composing music. MORE INFO   Group Vocal Classes We offer group singing classes for kids ages 6 to 12. Students will get to sing various popular tunes, improve their singing voice, do vocal exercises, have fun, and make new friends. MORE INFO col col row horizontalprograms ART PROGRAMS ART PROGRAMS FOR KIDS AND EARLY TEENS Our programs will introduce fundamentals and advanced components of drawings and painting to kids and teens, as well as allow students to get acquainted with decoupage, clay sculpting, bead embroidery, sewing, and other crafts. MORE INFO ART CLASSES FOR ADULTS AND LATE TEENS We offer art classes for adults taught by professional artists. You will master different artistic mediums (acrylic paint, watercolour, and pastels) and work on projects that cover the broad range of topics (still life painting, landscape painting, abstract painting, and much more!). MORE INFO container <div class="row"> Erindale School of Music & Arts 1100 Dundas Street West Mississauga L5C 4E7 , Canada    905-804-8796       info@esoma.ca adr Â© 2018 Erindale School of Music & Arts. social center-block Home Accordion Lessons Drum Lessons Flute and Recorder Lessons Guitar Lessons Music Theory for RCM Exams Piano Lessons Saxophone and Clarinet Lessons Violin Lessons Voice Lessons Art Classes for Kids and Early Teens Art Classes for Adults and Late Teens Artworks by Students RCM Exams School Recitals Schedule & Fees Careers Hours/Location Register container-fluid jQuery (necessary for Bootstrap's JavaScript plugins) Include all compiled plugins (below), or include individual files as needed IE10 viewport hack for Surface/desktop Windows 8 bug 