Home - EOFed indexer::stop Skip navigation Home About EOFED Vision – Mission – Objectives Board Members EOFed Members New Members EOFed Events Member events Archiv Contact Donation   indexer::continue indexer::stop News We welcome new members We welcome the "Wiener Konzertvereinigung“ from Vienna, Austria and three Italian members! Read more … We welcome new members The EOFed’s sister organization for the first time held its World Orchestra Festival in Europe. More than 90 musicians from 17 different nationalities and 5 continents gathered in Milano from Sept. 16 - 20 for rehearsals and a concert at the prestigious Sala Verde at the Conservatorio Guiseppe Verdi. Read more … Akoesticum (NL) Do you want to hold your rehearsal or orchestra workshop in a special and inspiring environment? Read more … After Cremona is before Bergen: 11th EOFed-Festival of Music in Norway 10th EOFed-Festival of Music in Cremona: the historical city in northern Italia was crowded with more than 700 participants during June 4th to 7th 2015. Read more … indexer::continue Welcome! The European Orchestra Federation – EOFed – was established in May 2009 by decision of the former European Association of Youth Orchestras – EAYO – and the European Association of Amateur Orchestras – EAAO/EVL – which had expressed their will to strengthen the European non-professional music making movement by way of a merger of the two groups. EOFed unites the amateur and other types of non-professional orchestras in European countries, which play symphonic orchestra and chamber music works of all periods of time and genres. Organisations of brass bands, wind instrument orchestras and other specialized ensembles are partners of EOFed. EOFed promotes amateur music making of all ages with a special focus on youth. It aims at facilitating contacts and cooperation amongst its members and individual orchestras. It runs an event and festival data bank and offers partners in the music business advertising and promotion opportunities. EOFed also coordinates and facilitates the international lending of musical notes, scores and partitions. A major concern of orchestras is access to sheet music, scores and parts.   EOFed has set up an active network among the music libraries of its member federations such BDLO (Germany), EOV-SFO (Switzerland), NASOL (Norway) and FASO (the Netherlands), which have major music libraries. They also lend out sheet music internationally, primarily to reciprocal member orchestras. Many of the works in a particular library can be found in the “Nürnberger Katalog” (conceived over the years by Dr. Joachim Conradi). They can often be borrowed via the national federation. EOFed promotes and defends the interests of amateur music making with authorities at the European and national levels and can assist member organisations in their lobbying at local levels if they wish so. EOFed is a member of the European Music Council (EMC) and through this membership of the International Music Council (IMC). It is also a member of the World Federation of Amateur Orchestras (WFAO). European Orchestra Federation (EOFed) indexer::stop Skip navigation Impressum   indexer::continue Load the MenuMatic Class Create a MenuMatic Instance 