Christine Havrilla and Gypsy Fuzz Christine Havrilla and Gypsy Fuzz Whats New, Summer 2019 I sit here at my desk & am so grateful to be able to do something I love, something that can help people with sad hearts, rough times, love, anger, questions, confusion, loss, emptiness, insecurity, & absolute bliss. Music is an amazing power that can reach down into peoples' souls... & I get to share moments at shows with fans, friends, & family to connect just like that. Thank you… It is finally SUMMER & that means you can hear the NEW ALBUM, “SUNLESS ESCAPADE”, at a plethora of outdoor summer concerts as well as venues! Did you know that the LYRICS are on the Music Page as well? Thank you to 88.5 WXPN for already playing the new music - you can help us out by making a request for “Sunless Escapade”, “Sittin’ at the Table”, or “Said it Once” at xpn.org/requests. We also thank WDIY, WTMD, WMMT, WTJU, WOMR, & Hot Wax Radio to name a few. If you are planning ahead, feel free to check out the TOUR page with a list of shows like Twilight Concerts, Rehoboth Ale House + other DE Beach show, Pastorius Park, Eagleview, wineries, breweries, John & Peters, a quick trip to NH & Provincetown, MA, Rock da Casbah (NY), Sundown Concerts (NJ), New Deal Café, Jamey’s House of Music, Godfrey Daniels...But we are not rushing the Summer I just recorded bass on a new track from my friends Mama’s Black Sheep called “Ocean”, with proceeds going to a St. Croix Island relief fund. You can also catch us together at Lost Rhino Retreat in MD & at The Barn in CT this summer. Another huge thank you to the wonderful musicians I work with (Rich Bellando, Dan Kauffman, Keith Giosa, Becca Doughty, Gretchen Schultz) as well as tour crew (Wizzy, Judy, Dirk) and my main photographers (Doerthe Externest, Sharon Gray, Gary Regulski)! Words cannot express the appreciation & love for these folks! Joelle Cathleen gets applause for the artwork on the cover of Sunless Escapade. She is now offering a 15% discount to fans that want a print of that artwork, “Lavender Hill”. (Use the code LOVERILLA) Along with taking a few days off here & there this summer, I am looking forward to connecting with current fans, new fans, new music, new discoveries, new opportunities, experiences & continual growth on my part as a musician, writer, producer, business woman, friend, wife, family member, listener, gypsy, mentor… Thank you for saying hello at shows, on Facebook & social media, sharing the tour dates, sharing the music…every little bit helps & I am so grateful for you. Cheers, Christine Donations go towards Christine's music (recording/travels/expenses)...You can give $1.00, $5.00, or whatever you'd like! © 2019 Boxrilla Music. All Rights Reserved. 