home home story music tour retreats registration marketplace contact home story music tour retreats registration marketplace contact BROTHER Chances are you’ve seen BROTHER on NBC’s ‘ER’, maybe heard their music on the classic ‘Baraka’ soundtrack or UPN’s ‘ Twilight Zone.’ The band has shared stages with Joe Walsh, John Entwhistle, Linkin Park, and Alicia Keys and are the only independent band to have played the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.   Fusing signature vocals and guitar with the deep pulse of the didgeridoo, the soaring highs of the bagpipes, and tribal percussion, BROTHER is wholly original. The band’s powerhouse live performances are an energetic celebration, captivating and engaging the audience from the first song to the last.  Read more about BROTHER Fall Retreat in the Redwoods Join Angus and friends this September 26-29 for a four day/three-night adventure amongst the Redwoods of Northern California .  4 nights lodging, ground transportation, gourmet camping meals, visits to Patrick's Point and Jedediah Smith State Parks, and Trinidad State Beach; Evening Concert; Music, Fire & Storytelling around the Campfire; and Music Workshop. BROTHER’s Fall Retreat in the Redwoods is now open for registration . Brother Angus Drawing inspiration from the myth of Aengus - the Celtic god of love and poetry and the bringer of dreams - Angus unearths the Celtic belief in the power of music to enchant. Through song, he tells the story of the journey from his native Australia, traveling America and the world making music with his brothers.   Hypnotic rhythms emanate from Angus’ loop station, interwoven with guitar and his signature bagpipes. Over it all, Angus' soaring vocals and storytelling transport his audiences to another world. Read more about Brother Angus Travel to Scotland with BROTHER and Albannach in 2020 Join our mailing list and get a free digital download of "The Gathering" from BROTHER's CD "One Day" Sign up © BROTHER Productions 2019 | www.BROTHERmusic.com | info@BROTHERmusic.com Google Analytics notes 0:00 / ??? 1 Divine Right 4:40 0:00 / 4:40 0:00 / ??? 