The Discovery Orchestra Home About Meet the Team Our Sponsors News Our Listeners Speak How We Give Back Accessibility & Policies Things to do Upcoming Events “Inside Music” Radio Program on WWFM The Classical Network Read George’s Blogs Listen and Learn Listening Guides Maestro Maull at the New Jersey Performing Arts Center Past Events Chat Videos Chat Index and Helpful Hints Sponsor a Chat! Music Elements Rhythm Meter Syncopation Melody Texture Harmony Cadences Pedal Point Dynamics Timbre Choral Glissandos Harmonics Form Coda Concerto Fantasy Fugue Improvisation Oratorio Overture Rhapsody Serenade Sonata Sonata Form Suite Symphony Ternary (ABA) Theme and Variation Waltz Mood Other Conducting Music Theory Musical Style Bluegrass Blues Cajun Celtic Classical Flamenco Jazz Latin Old Time Composers Composer A-B Bach Beethoven Brahms Composer C-D Chopin Debussy Dvorak Composer E-L Faure Franck Grieg Handel Haydn Composer M-R Mahler Mendelssohn Mozart Mussorgsky/Ravel Paganini Rachmaninoff Ravel Respighi Rossini Composer S-Z Satie Schubert, Franz Shostakovich Sibelius Strauss Jr., Johan Stravinsky Tallis Tchaikovsky Vaughan Williams Vivaldi Featured Instruments Featured Instrument A-M Bassoon Clarinet Contrabass English Horn Drums Flute Harp Featured Instrument N-Z Oboe Orchestra Piano Sarrusophone Strings Trumpet Viola Violin Violoncello Voice Featured Artists Adams, Merynda Amphion String Quartet Carlini, John Cho, Brannon Crisci, Dan Discovery Orchestra Funesti, Bob Holloway, Steve Huang, Lawrence Huang, Rebecca Johnson, Christopher Johnston, Ginny Kaya, Celil Refik Liu, Katie Maull, Marcia Newark Boys Chorus NJYS String Quartet Rimelis, Dave Winograd, Peter Wu, Stephen New to Classical? DVD’s/TV Shows DVD & Totes Quick Buy Fall in Love with Music Discover Vivaldi’s Four Seasons Discover Beethoven’s 5th Bach to the Future Contact Donate Make a Gift The Discovery Circle The Maestro Chair The Concertmaster Chair Planned Giving Care2Share – Investors Bank Other Ways to Give View Our Financial Statements Ever wonder what our interactive Discovery Concerts are like?  Have a listen to this segment from our Discover the Joy of Corelli concert featuring Corelli’s  Concerto Grosso, Op. 6 No. 4 .   [if lt IE 9]><script>document.createElement('audio');</script><![endif] https://discoveryorchestra.org/wp-content/uploads/2019/06/Corelli_Teaching_Segment-m.mp3   Search Upcoming Events September 22, 2019: Discovery Concert & TV Taping: Discover the Firebird Latest Posts Game of Tones Parties Happy 40th Anniversary NJYS! The Emotional Space…That Music Can Provide Intentional Acts of Kindness – 2nd Encore Turned Off or Turned On? testimonials-widget-testimonials:5396: Through their media programs and Maestro Maull’s interactive musical exploration, The Discovery Orchestra is providing an invaluable resource for people seeking a deeper connection with music – something that has profound benefits for all. Their programs are accessible and engage classical music experts and novices alike and are an absolute delight to watch! Andrew C. Wilk, Executive Producer, Live at Lincoln Center testimonials-widget-testimonials:5394: I love seeing the audience becoming ever more engaged as they learn how to get onto the rollercoaster of a piece of music and start enjoying the spine-tingling possibilities when they really listen to the music. Discovery Concert Violinist testimonials-widget-testimonials:5393: I heard music from Mozart, Beethoven and others on the radio. I never understood anything, and I was lost in trying to figure out what this music was about. But this show brought clarity, and an understanding of the music, which I really appreciate. Fall in Love with Music Viewer testimonials-widget-testimonials:5392: Watching the faces of the audience members during the second play through is so incredible.  You can see that they are so focused on the music! Discovery Concert Violinist testimonials-widget-testimonials:5390: Just Amazing! So much detail  that it makes me want to go to concerts and feel the music, not just listen to it while doing homework, driving, or working. Discover Beethoven’s 5th Viewer Tweets by DiscoveryOrch Tweets by CatchMaullaria Copyright © The Discovery Orchestra. Contact Us | About Us Photo Gallery Community Outreach Get Involved Join Our Email List Join Our Mailing List Season Brochure Accessibility & Policies Donate Contact News Media Coverage Media Contact Annual Reports Sponsorship Opportunities How We Give Back Partner Contact Planned Giving Powered by WPtouch: 4.3.37 Inline jetpack_facebook_likebox [if lte IE 8]> <div id="ie_clear"></div> <![endif] 