Clarinet | Saxophone | Arranger | Composer | Educator | Andy Firth Music Menu Home About Andy Shop Clarinet Alto Saxophone Tenor & Soprano Saxophone Flute & Recorder Technique Building Ensembles Clarinet Ensemble Saxophone Ensemble Flute Ensemble Stage Bands Learn With Andy Book Andy Nova Swing Band News & Views Contact Andy Yamaha National Band Championship Test Pieces 2019 Product was added to your cart Cart START REVOLUTION SLIDER 5.4.5.1 fullwidth mode SLIDE MAIN IMAGE LAYERS SLIDE MAIN IMAGE LAYERS SLIDE MAIN IMAGE LAYERS SLIDE MAIN IMAGE LAYERS END REVOLUTION SLIDER At andyfirthmusic.com you can: Find information on Andy Firth Shop for sheet music and arrangements for clarinet, saxophone, flute and ensembles by Andy Firth View and hear samples of Andy’s works, recordings and video clips Learn clarinet or saxophone with Andy Firth Book Andy or Andy’s show band “Nova Swing” for your next function, or for your school or college Contact Andy Andy Firth is considered to be one of the finest clarinetists in the world today. Andy is also a phenomenal saxophonist, composer, arranger, educator and musical director, having worked with some of the world’s finest names in jazz and blues music. Andy can play or write in almost any style of music from classical and jazz through to funk and pop or new age styles. Andy’s sheet music for clarinet, saxophone, flute and ensembles has become a popular choice for students, performers, educational syllabuses and institutions around the world. His music is crafted with over 40 years of composition, teaching and performance experience and always offers both technical challenges with a sense of fun and enjoyment for each instrument and level of learning. Most of the pieces featured at andyfirthmusic are completed with an individual part, backing and performance tracks and in many instances piano accompaniment. You will also have the opportunity to watch a video performance of Andy playing each piece. For students of clarinet and saxophone, we are pleased to announce webcam lessons with Andy Firth are now available. With the aid of the internet, distance learning is now not a problem! You can book a lesson with Andy here . (*Conditions apply). Andy’s sensational show band “Nova Swing” has become one of the most popular swing bands in Australia, performing music from the popular roaring 20s “Great Gatsby Era” through to the 1950s. “Nova Swing” performs to sellout concerts wherever they appear. Learn more about “Nova Swing” or book the band for your next function! Discover more now at andyfirthmusic.com Browse My Shop Shop for Andy’s Sheet Music Take me there Book Andy Performances, Masterclasses, & Workshops Take me there Learn With Andy Webcam and Private Tuition Take me there Facebook Facebook LinkedIn LinkedIn Instagram Instagram © Copyright 2017 Andy Firth Music Menu 