Chicago Bronze - Home Find us on: Home Concerts Breve Meet Us Gallery Join Us Contact Us Wish List Auditions   Chicago Bronze is always looking for people who love ringing handbells and would be interested in joining a talented ensemble.  If you enjoy challenging music and want to join us, we would be happy to talk with you. Candidates should be comfortable committing to Monday night rehearsals from late August through mid-May, 7:00 to 9:15 at St. Luke's Lutheran Church in suburban Park Ridge, IL (near I-294), as well as concerts throughout the extended Chicago area.  The next auditions will be held on Monday, August 19, 7:30pm, at St. Luke's. For more details, interested candidates should click on the JOIN US tab at the top of this page.  Wish List end banner inner end banner mid end banner-right Upcoming Concerts Saturday, May 11, 2019, 5:00 pm First Congregational Church 900 South 8th Street, West Dundee, IL 60118 ​ Our 20th Anniversary Celebration Concert Sunday, May 12, 2019, 4:00pm Bethel United Church of Christ ​ 315 East St. Charles Road, Elmhurst, IL 60126 Stay in Touch ​ Join our   Mailing List   to receive information about future concerts or  contact us   to host a Chicago Bronze concert. Support Chicago Bronze ​ Chicago Bronze welcomes donations and sponsors! We are an Illinois non-profit and 501(c)3 organization, so donations made to Chicago Bronze are an eligible deduction for income taxes. Contact us if you are interested in donating to or sponsoring Chicago Bronze. Purchase a CD:   Second City Sounds and Windy City Christmas.   If you can't make it to a concert and would like to purchase a CD, send us a message! Special Donations We welcome donations in memory of our friend and founding member, Barb Barrett.  ​ "Your ensemble's unique combination of professionalism and expertise, plus refreshing enthusiasm, animation and obvious enjoyment in ringing, along with a fascinatingly varied repertoire, left us eager for more."  -Kathy Palanski, South Park Church Keenagers 