 .dslc-image .dslc-module Donate .dslc-button .dslc-module Use smile.amazon.com to Donate .dslc-button .dslc-module Home Concerts 2019 – 20 concerts Season Tickets Purchase Tickets 2019-20 Guest Artists Symphony Interruptus About Mission and Vision Board of Directors Symphony Staff 2019 – 2020 Orchestra History Fort Collins Symphony History Former Board Presidents Former Orchestra Members Support Donate 2019-20 Fall Fundraising Campaign 2019 -2020 Advertisers 2019 – 2020 Sponsors B Sharp Program Founders’ Society Corporate Sponsorships Endowment Education Composer Talks Open Rehearsal YES Concert Musical Zoo News & Media Symphony News Maestro’s Vietnam Adventures Podcast Newsletter Sign Up Contact Us FCS Job Opportunities - Select - Home Concerts 2019 – 20 concerts Season Tickets Purchase Tickets 2019-20 Guest Artists Symphony Interruptus About Mission and Vision - Board of Directors - Symphony Staff 2019 – 2020 Orchestra History Fort Collins Symphony History Former Board Presidents Former Orchestra Members Support Donate - 2019-20 Fall Fundraising Campaign - 2019 -2020 Advertisers - 2019 – 2020 Sponsors - B Sharp Program - Founders' Society - Corporate Sponsorships - Endowment Education - Composer Talks - Open Rehearsal - YES Concert Musical Zoo News & Media Symphony News Maestro's Vietnam Adventures Podcast - Newsletter Sign Up Contact Us - FCS Job Opportunities .dslc-mobile-navigation .dslc-module Friends of the Symphony Fundraising Endowed Chairs Education – FOS Musical Zoo Social Membership Volunteer for FOS Contact FOS - Select - Friends of the Symphony Fundraising Endowed Chairs Education – FOS Musical Zoo Social Membership Volunteer for FOS Contact FOS .dslc-mobile-navigation .dslc-module .dslc-module .dslc-module .dslc-cpt-post-thumb-inner .dslc-cpt-post-thumb Cell phones are the natural enemy of any live performing arts organization.  An accidental ring is extremely annoying to the performers and everyone else in attendance.  The unexpected sound causes audience members to wonder, “Was that my phone?” before pulling them out to make sure they had indeed remembered to turn it off prior to the performance.  It is a precarious relationship between audience member and cell phone technology and one that adds drama to any live situation. It is within this context that Fort Collins resident, artistic “Mad Scientist,” and community treasure Charlie Hatchette developed the concept for… .dslc-cpt-post-excerpt CONTINUE READING .dslc-cpt-post-read-more .dslc-cpt-post-main .dslc-cpt-post .dslc-posts-inner .dslc-cpt-posts .dslc-module Heading NEWS View all VIEW ALL Filters Carousel .dslc-module-heading Season 69 Musical Odyssey Concludes with “Vienna to Fort Collins” Concert .dslc-cpt-post-title The Fort Collins Symphony concludes its Season 69 musical odyssey with the Masterworks 5 concert, “Vienna to Fort Collins,” on Saturday, May 11, 2019 at… .dslc-cpt-post-excerpt CONTINUE READING .dslc-cpt-post-read-more .dslc-cpt-post-main .dslc-cpt-post The Fort Collins Symphony takes an American Road Trip with its 2019 Pops Concert .dslc-cpt-post-title Under the baton of Maestro Wes Kenney, take a tour with the Fort Collins Symphony (FCS) through the Great American Soundscape during its annual Pops… .dslc-cpt-post-excerpt CONTINUE READING .dslc-cpt-post-read-more .dslc-cpt-post-main .dslc-cpt-post Musical Zoo 2019 – Orchestral Fun for Children .dslc-cpt-post-title The Friends of the Symphony will host Musical Zoo 2019 on Sunday, March 3, 2019 from 2:00 p.m. to 4:30 p.m. at Fort Collins’ Timberline… .dslc-cpt-post-excerpt CONTINUE READING .dslc-cpt-post-read-more .dslc-cpt-post-main .dslc-cpt-post The Fort Collins Symphony’s Musical Journey Continues with Masterworks 4 Concert .dslc-cpt-post-title The musical odyssey continues!  Join the Fort Collins Symphony (FCS) for an audio adventure that spans two continents in its Masterworks 4 concert, “The Andes… .dslc-cpt-post-excerpt CONTINUE READING .dslc-cpt-post-read-more .dslc-cpt-post-main .dslc-cpt-post dslc-carousel .dslc-posts-inner .dslc-cpt-posts .dslc-module Heading FROM OUR COMMUNITY View all VIEW ALL Filters Carousel .dslc-module-heading "My CASA was a big part of my life for a long time. She helped me and my sister through hard times by comforting us and being a person we could trust. She took us out to fun places and made us feel loved. Our last outing was to the Symphony in Fort Collins, the best thing that every happened to me! She has shown and told me a lot of fascinating things, this show was one of those, it got my mind on the things that were happening in the real world. Thank you for making this world a better place." .dslc-testimonial-quote CASA participant .dslc-testimonial-author-name CASA participant .dslc-testimoniala-author-position .dslc-testimonial-author-main .dslc-testimonial-author .dslc-testimonial-main .dslc-testimonial-inner .dslc-testimonial Maestro Kenney: " What would happen to the music of Mozart if musicians stopped taking the responsibility of making sure Mozart sounded like Mozart? "   Liberty Common School 4 th grader:  " Mozart would start to fade away. " .dslc-testimonial-quote From our “Symphony in the School Program” .dslc-testimonial-author-name .dslc-testimoniala-author-position .dslc-testimonial-author-main .dslc-testimonial-author .dslc-testimonial-main .dslc-testimonial-inner .dslc-testimonial " Attending the Thursday Evening Practice Session focuses my enjoyment of Saturday's performance. Our Maestro's direction pulls a wonderful sound from our professionals. I can even hear a difference in the music after his directions. " .dslc-testimonial-quote Anne .dslc-testimonial-author-name Attended an Open Rehearsal .dslc-testimoniala-author-position .dslc-testimonial-author-main .dslc-testimonial-author .dslc-testimonial-main .dslc-testimonial-inner .dslc-testimonial " We did a lot of hand holding and smiling during and after the performance. We made eye contact throughout the entire performance and it was like soul traveling. " .dslc-testimonial-quote B Sharp Participant .dslc-testimonial-author-name B Sharp participant who attended concerts last Season .dslc-testimoniala-author-position .dslc-testimonial-author-main .dslc-testimonial-author .dslc-testimonial-main .dslc-testimonial-inner .dslc-testimonial " I am writing to thank you for paying for Timnath Elementary’s 4 th and 5 th grade field trip. I enjoyed everything, but what I admired most was the performance of the “Thrill of the Orchestra” and how the Symphony told about some of the history of the songs. One of my personal favorites of the songs was “Carmen.” I really like the expression or life of the song. In other works I like the “color,” like what Wes Kenney said to us. Once again, thank you for paying for the symphony, the bus ride, and everything else I mentioned. I had a breath taking experience. Thank you! " .dslc-testimonial-quote Sincerely, part of your awe-inspired audience, RAYMOND .dslc-testimonial-author-name Attended our 2016 Youth Education Series Concert .dslc-testimoniala-author-position .dslc-testimonial-author-main .dslc-testimonial-author .dslc-testimonial-main .dslc-testimonial-inner .dslc-testimonial " This performance last evening was spectacular! The Classical Symphony was played with spirit and contrast between movements. The violin concerto was played with great intensity and strength and virtuosity by both the soloist and the orchestra. I loved being introduced to the melodic and dance-like Bizet Symphony in C. The oboe solo was fantastic; when does this oboist take a breath! " .dslc-testimonial-quote Paul .dslc-testimonial-author-name Attended the Masterworks concert on November 5, 2016 .dslc-testimoniala-author-position .dslc-testimonial-author-main .dslc-testimonial-author .dslc-testimonial-main .dslc-testimonial-inner .dslc-testimonial .dslc-posts-inner .dslc-testimonials .dslc-module .dslc-social-wrap .dslc-module CONTACT US: Address: P.O. Box 1963 Fort Collins, CO 80522 Office: 970.482.4823 Tickets: 970.221.6730   .dslc-module QUICK LINKS: HOME TICKETS ABOUT SUPPORT EDUCATION NEWS & MEDIA CONTACT US   .dslc-module .dslc-image .dslc-module .dslc-separator-wrapper .dslc-module MUSICIAN LOGIN   Privacy Policy • © 2008-2019 fcsymphony.org  •  Legal Notice .dslc-module Home Concerts 2019 – 20 concerts Season Tickets Purchase Tickets 2019-20 Guest Artists Symphony Interruptus About Mission and Vision Board of Directors Symphony Staff 2019 – 2020 Orchestra History Fort Collins Symphony History Former Board Presidents Former Orchestra Members Support Donate 2019-20 Fall Fundraising Campaign 2019 -2020 Advertisers 2019 – 2020 Sponsors B Sharp Program Founders’ Society Corporate Sponsorships Endowment Education Composer Talks Open Rehearsal YES Concert Musical Zoo News & Media Symphony News Maestro’s Vietnam Adventures Podcast Newsletter Sign Up Contact Us FCS Job Opportunities 