Home   BerggrenFolk - Original and Traditional Folk Music by Dan Berggren and Sleeping Giant Records Home Music & Media This Planet We Call Home Get Crackin' Tongues in Trees North River, North Woods Fresh Territory One with the Water Rooted in the Mountains Mountain Air Folk in Fredonia Climbing And Now Please Welcome... Adirondack Green Forty Seasons: Recordings from 1996 - 2006 BOOK - Adirondack Reflections The Story In Photos In Sounds In Videos In Words (Newsletter) Your Experiences Meet Dan Biography Quotes From Folks Performance Highlights In the Press Concert Events Booking Press Photos Contact Links "Dan is a throwback to the old role of the folk singer  . . . he's articulating things that need to be said right now." - author Bill McKibben   Sign up for the Berggren Folk Newsletter * Indicates required field Email * Subscribe to Newsletter A tradition-based songsmith, Dan Berggren writes with honesty, humor and a strong sense of place. His songs explore the many dimensions of home, hard-working folks, taking care of our planet and each other.  While his roots are firmly in the Adirondacks where he was raised, Dan's music has branched out across many borders. The award-winning educator and musician has entertained audiences from Kentucky to Michigan, Belgium to Bulgaria, and Zimbabwe to Transylvania. ﻿ Sleeping Giant Records From Adirondack Green on vinyl to the latest  This Planet We Call Home on CD and as a digital download , 20 albums have been released on Sleeping Giant Records since 1985. You'll find many of them on the Albums page.  Dan's songs are the stories of human nature, love, hard work, failure and success. While the events, names and places may be specific, the lessons learned are not new. Willa Cather wrote:  "There are only two or three human stories, and they go on repeating themselves as fiercely as if they had never happened before; like the larks in the country that have been singing the same five notes for over thousands of years."  That's what this folk music is about. Home Music & Media The Story Concert  Events Booking ﻿ PRIVACY POLICY ﻿ <div id="footer">{footer}</div> Copyright © 2014 Sleeping Giant Records. All rights reserved. Website Design, Development & Hosting provided by  kDynamics.net 