Dallas Wayne Home Home           Buy Stuff           Videos & Photos           Tour Schedule           Discography           Biography           Lyrics           Reviews                                         Hi Folks, I'm pleased to announce that you can now order the complete Songs The Jukebox Taught Me collection on a double vinyl LP, and it comes with a free digital download ! We also have hats and t-shirts for sale as well... Click here to visit my Gift Shop . Of course, you can still order the Songs The Jukebox Taught Me Volume 1 and Volume 2 CDs and digital downloads from Heart of Texas Records , Amazon , iTunes and Spotify . This collection of classic songs is a tribute to the songwriters who crafted them, and the artists who sang them — the heroes and teachers who taught us all this music. Be sure to check out what's happening on my tour schedule page, and come on down to the Continental Club in Austin (by God!) Texas on Sunday nights and get ready to dance your tail off from 7 to 10 p.m.! The tradition has continued for 18 years and counting with the country band Heybale featuring Redd Volkaert, Earl Poole Ball, Tom Lewis, Kevin Smith ... and yours truly. When I'm not picking with the guys, join me on SiriusXM Radio -- weekdays from noon to 6 p.m. and Sunday from 10 a.m. to noon Eastern at Willie’s Roadhouse channel 59, and Tuesday through Friday in Outlaw Country channel 60 from 10 a.m. to noon Eastern. It's been a great couple of years with a number of live and recorded performances, including four appearances on the Grand Ole Opry , the Ernest Tubb Midnite Jamboree , Country's Family Reunion and Larry's Country Diner on RFD TV. Thanks to all my friends in radio for their support of my music. And special thanks to the Texas Country Music Hall of Fame and Museum for inducting me into the Disc Jockey Hall of Fame. What an amazing honor! See ya' on the jukebox, Big D Dallas Wayne "If you don't get Dallas Wayne, you ain't country."   ~  Ray Waddell, Billboard " I'll Take The Fifth deserves a prime position in the CD collection of any true country music fan..." ~ CountryChart.com Read more reviews For the latest news and updates, be sure to follow Dallas' official Facebook fan page. Click here to send us a message. To inquire about performance or emcee bookings, click here .                                         Got SiriusXM Radio? Click for a free trial !                             © 2000-2019 This site is trademarked by DW-Productions. All rights reserved. Photography courtesy of George Brainard © Geobrain Photo , Inc. Website design by Inspired Imageneering 