Home Home Left Handed Edition What IS AUG? About OUR GUITAR COURSE Free Video Lessons Support materials Who is Scotty West? How Scotty Teaches GUITAR ARTICLES & TUTORIALS Top 5 tips for beginner guitar players True Musicianship The Guitar, to Play or Not to Play? All Hail the Chromatic Scale! Practice Man, Practice! The Musical Number System Scotty's Secrets of Improvisation Top 5 Tips for Beginner Guitar Players Getting the Right Guitar Guitar is Not NASCAR! Slash Blows it Big Time on National Television Power chord purgatory Was Jimi Hendrixs' Guitar Playing Really All That Great? Learn How to Play Electric or Acoustic Guitar in Your Home learn how to play electric or acoustic guitar in your own home FAQ Testimonials order our dvds Cart You are here: Home Home Welcome To Our Guitar Lessons Program "Greetings fellow guitar enthusiasts. I'm Scotty West. Thanks for your interest in our  DVD guitar lessons . These 32 hour-long guitar instruction videos contain all you need to know to truly understand your instrument and how it relates to all styles of popular music."   "Today there is a positively dizzying selection of guitar lessons available online, in books and on video, if you're having trouble making sense of it all then look no further. Our guitar lessons have been carefully crafted to ensure that you will finally get "The BIG Picture". Join thousands of satisfied students worldwide and become the guitar player you always wanted to be. There are thousands of guitar lessons out there that will show you how to place your fingers to play specific songs. You may find this fun for awhile but it's not likely to keep you satisfied for the long haul. My "music as language" approach to guitar lessons will allow you to easily answer questions many of you have had for years and get you on the true path to creative fulfillment. Some guitar lessons have you jumping around sampling this-and-that so you end up with a scattered vision of how music works. Our video guitar lessons are different. They're designed to be viewed in order so each concept flows into the next. You could learn how to play guitar as well as or even better than your favorite guitar heroes. You'll finally be able to actually "think" on your instrument ... learn songs by ear ... write your own music ... solo with power and passion. It's easy if you get it explained to you in the right way. These guitar lessons on DVD provide a solid foundation in music theory, ear training and guitar technique all totally integrated and profoundly well organized. I'm also  personally available  7 days a week to answer questions via phone or email and that service is free of charge . What other guitar lesson program offers that? We've posted our first 4 introductory  video guitar lessons  right here on our web site free of charge for you to enjoy. Beginners as well as more experienced players are bound to gain valuable new insights in the very first lesson."     AUG Left hand edition is now available. A revised edition centered around the needs of left handed players.  Read More! Watch our Free Video Guitar lessons here. You'll be amazed at how much you will learn! Free Lesson Videos The Six Main Areas of Music The Four Ways to Know Your Pitch Patterns The Dumb Machine Basic Chords Mobile Videos The Six Main Areas of Music (Mobile Stream) The Four Ways to Know Your Pitch Patterns (Mobile Stream) The Dumb Machine (Mobile Stream) Basic Chords (Mobile Stream)   ORDER YOUR DVDS TODAY!   The Absolutely Understand Guitar Video Lesson Program Featuring Scotty West Celebrating 12 years on the web and thousands of happy students worldwide! What makes our guitar lessons program the best?   Logical These 32 hour-long DVD guitar lessons were designed to be viewed in order so you get a cohesive and comprehensive vision of music and how it applies to the guitar in all styles of popular music. Visual These DVD guitar lessons were all professionally written, filmed and edited in high resolution video with multiple camera angles and close-ups of finger positions. This visual approach is vastly superior to trying to learn to play guitar from books or CDs. Comprehensive By the time you're finished with our guitar lessons, you'll know pretty much all there is to know about guitar technique, guitar theory and ear training as well as performance and practice tips. Personalized Support Scotty is available 7 days a week 10am to 10pm eastern time to answer your questions via phone or email free of charge .   Who is Scotty West? With 45 years playing, 25 years teaching experience and thousands of satisfied students worldwide , Scotty is among the most knowledgeable and respected guitar teachers in music education today. Berke McKelvey Associate Professor at the world famous Berklee College of Music says: Scotty has a gift for making even the most complex subjects in music accessible and easy to comprehend. The secret is the unique developmental sequence he presents the material in. He takes what you already know and fills in all the remaining gaps without over complicating the subject. — Berke McKelvey, Berklee College of Music Find out more about Scotty and Absolutely Understand Guitar   Need help with your guitar lessons? Scotty provides free personalized support as you progress through his guitar lessons program.  Send Scotty a message  or call him directly. He's always happy to talk to folks about music and answer questions about guitar lessons. (866) 477-9900  (toll free, USA) 1+ (508) 775-8950 (international)   Live in the mid cape area? Want in person lessons from Scotty West or one of the AUG trained instructors? Enroll at Scotty's Mid Cape Music School!       Order Our DVDs The Absolutely Understand Guitar Video Lessons Program   The complete home study package, including 32 video guitar lessons on DVD and all printed support material in hard copy — handbook, complete fingering encyclopedia and Scotty's famous musical sliderule. Price $199.95 USD Shipping and handling 15.00 USD The Absolutely Understand Guitar Video Lessons Program Print-it-Yourself Package   The complete home study print-it-yourself package, including 32 video guitar lessons on DVD. Print your own support material from our CD and save 25%. Price $149.95 USD Shipping and handling $15.00 USD Video Menu The Six Main Areas of Music The Four Ways to Know Your Pitch Patterns The Dumb Machine Basic Chords Mobile Videos The Six Main Areas of Music (Mobile Stream) The Four Ways to Know Your Pitch Patterns (Mobile Stream) The Dumb Machine (Mobile Stream) Basic Chords (Mobile Stream) Lefty Edition New Lefty Edition No transposing in your head. Ready  to learn left handed  chord and scale charts. Same great method!  Copyright © 1999-2013 Absolutely Understand Guitar Al rights reserved! Site created and maintained by AllCapeWebDesign.com begin nostyle begin nostyle content Contact  |  Terms of Use  |  Privacy Policy end nostyle content end nostyle 