World's Best Beatles Tribute Band for Hire - Britishmania STORE   |   HOME   |   VIDEOS   |   ABOUT US   |   TOUR SCHEDULE   |   BOOKING   |   BLOG The legend lives on with Britishmania the World’s Best Beatles Tribute Band . With mind blowing performances, and true to era attire, Britishmania recreates the Beatles revolution that changed the world. This legendary foursome delivers note for note theatrical performances that will take you back in time. Experience the worlds’ most iconic band today.   Live Band For Hire! BOOK US NOW   NEW Promo Video | Click Play BOOK US NOW CLICK HERE VISIT OUR ONLINE STORE FOR OFFICIAL MERC! OUR NEW CD, POSTERS, T-SHIRTS! CLICK HERE Here's why Companies, Talent Buyers, Agents and individuals hire Britishmania, the World's Best Beatles Tribute Band! World’s Best Beatles Tribute Band Established in 2003, Britishmania has developed into one of the leading Beatles Tribute Bands in the world. Britishmania employs only the best casting in the Beatles Tribute industry and is based in New Jersey and Los Angeles. Britishmania has delighted crowds of all sizes, across our country as well as Canada, Mexico and soon, China! The legend lives on with  Britishmania  the  World’s Best Beatles Tribute Band with mind blowing performances, period correct and authentic costumes.  Britishmania  recreates the Beatles revolution that changed the world. These full time Beatles musicians deliver note for note music in a theatrical setting that will take you back in time. Experience what is was like to see The Beatles live as well as in the Studio! For Booking please go to BOOK US HERE     The Beatles Tribute Band That takes you back   The Beatles revolutionized the world of rock music, making them one of the most iconic music groups of all time, changing the world of rock music forever. The Beatles are a well-loved and well known band throughout the world and their music lives on today through Britishmania Beatles Tribute Band! Britishmania is so much more than a Beatles Cover Band, with authentic costumes, guitars and amps, cover bands only just play the music and usually not note for note! Britishmania keeps the spirit of the Beatles alive through their perfected theatrics and expert performances! The Beatles are loved by millions and thanks to Britishmania, a whole new generation will have the opportunity to learn what the music is all about! Book Britishmania today for your next event and enjoy the music and the spirit of The Beatles in person!      We LOVE our Fans!!    And they LOVE Us!! Come see Us SOON!   Photo Gallery       Looking for a Beatles Tribute Band to Play Your Event? We're available in every state and Internationally Alabama Florida Louisiana Nebraska Oklahoma Vermont Alaska Georgia Maine Nevada Oregon Virginia Arizona Hawaii Maryland New Hampshire Pennsylvania Washington Arkansas Idaho Massachusetts New Jersey Rhode Island West Virginia California Illinois Michigan New Mexico South Carolina Wisconsin Colorado Indiana Minnesota New York South Dakota Wyoming Connecticut Iowa Mississippi North Carolina Tennessee Delaware Kansas Missouri North Dakota Texas District of Columbia Kentucky Montana Ohio Utah Britishmania takes it's Beatles Tribute to any city in the USA and many around the world New York Phoenix Detroit Austin El Paso Washington Los Angeles San Diego Jacksonville Memphis Milwaukee Portland Chicago San Antonio Indianapolis Fort Worth Boston Las Vegas Houston Dallas Columbus Baltimore Seattle Oklahoma City Philadelphia San Jose San Francisco Charlotte Denver Nashville     Store   |   Home   |   Video   |   About Us   |   Tour Schedule   |   Booking   |   Blog   |   Facebook   |   G+   |   Twitter © 2018 Britishmania, LLC. All rights reserved   ecommerce web site design Please wait... 