MBO Home                             The Beethoven Society was founded in 1888 and has met without a break since then. The Society gives classical music concerts in aid of both local and national charities. We do not purely perform works by Beethoven; rather the name is kept as a tribute to the long and illustrious history of the orchestra.  We are a group of musicians dedicated to playing good music, enjoying ourselves, and helping to raise money for charities at the same time. Please come and support us, see the About Us page to see Maps of our usual rehearsal and concert venues. If you've never been to our concerts before, come and try something different for free. If you have, we hope you enjoyed our concerts and will keep supporting us. We currently have vacancies for string players. If you are interested please contact us by telephoning our Membership Secretaries, Joan and Rosalind Corser, on 01706 378973 or Contact Us   Saturday June 8th 2019, 7:30pm RNCM 124 Oxford Road, Manchester M13 9RD Our final concert of the year, at the Royal Northern College of Music, opens with all the excitement and energy of Rossini’s Overture Semiramide and leads onto Scriabin’s melodious Piano Concerto, a much less performed work than the composer’s later piano and orchestral compositions but has more than a flavour of his colourful style. The culmination of our year will be Dvorak’s Symphony No. 9 (From the New World) one of the best loved of orchestral works. This will provide the season with an energetic and spirited finale. Programme                 Rossini, Semiramide Overture Scriabin, Piano Concerto Dvorak, Symphony No. 9 Leader Heather Allen Soloist Matthew Lam – Piano Admission  £12 from orchestra members or the RNCM Box Office In Aid of Beethoven Society Matthew Lam - Piano Born in Hong Kong, Matt is a Master's student at the Royal Northern College of music in Manchester, studying under the tutelage of Ashley Wass. He has recently graduated from Royal Northern College of Music with first class honours, having studied with Jeremy Young and Frank Wibaut. Matt has played for professional pianists such as Phillipe Cassard, Stephen Hough, Jean-Efflam Bavouzet and Kathy Stott. He has been actively performing at local venues and has recently given recitals in Kronberg ,Bad Homburg and Alfriston as part of the Alfriston Summer Music Festival. Recent competition success include 1st prize of the 5th Japan-Hong Kong International Music Competition Advanced category and 3rd prize in the 3rd Enkor International Music Competition. Matt works closely with student composer Michael Brailey and has performed a number of Brailey's works, including a premiere of Brailey's piano concerto with RNCM Brand New Orchestra. Aside from solo playing, Matt is also a passionate chamber musician and orchestral pianist and has performed with numerous ensembles. Recent highlights include playing at the Royal Festival Hall with London Philharmonic Orchestra's Foyle Future Firsts. Matthew Lam appears by kind permission of the RNCM . The Manchester Beethoven Orchestra is a member of MakingMusic and is a Registered Charity (No.1010447) This site has been updated 9 May 2019 Home Find Powered by FreeFind Please Contact Us if you are interested in joining our orchestra 