Home - Duns Pipe Band Your browser version is outdated. We recommend that you update your browser to the latest version. > Home > History > Contact Us > Pipe Major Andrew Ainslie BEM > Members Area > Home > History > Contact Us > Pipe Major Andrew Ainslie BEM > Members Area Pipe Major Andrew Ainslie BEM Pipe Major Andrew Ainslie BEM Pipe Major Andrew Ainslie has been awarded the British Empire Medal (BEM) for his services to music and the community in Berwickshire in the Queen's Birthday Honours. Click here to read more.  Duns Pipe Band     Duns Pipe Band is a registered charity and self funding organisation. Duns itself is a small market town set in the heart of the Eastern Scottish Borders. It is the county town of Berwickshire and as far as we know, has  had a pipe band for the last 90 years or so. In 2015 the band changed from its Seaforth MacKenzie tartan to a new, unique 'Duns Pipe Band' tartan that we have had specially designed and woven for us. The people of Duns rallied to help us raise funds and a grant from the Co-operative enabled us to complete this project.  You can read more about the band on our history pages or visit facebook . The modern band is led and taught by Pipe Major Andrew Ainslie BEM and Drum Major Colin Turner who teach the band's pipers and drummers at least once a week.   We are always looking for new members, even if you've never played before, so feel free to come along to the practices. To find out more why not Email us or get in touch via Facebook ? Want us to play at your event or function? The band and its members are available to play at any occasion. In return all we ask for is a donation towards our band funds to make sure we cover the cost of transport to and from the event and the wear a nd tear on the uniform and equipment. We can discuss this with you You can choose from a single piper to the full band and booking couldn't be easier. Simply follow the link below and give us details of your requirements. We will always try to reply to your enquiry within 24 hours of receipt and aim to have your booking confirmed within 3 days If you are not sure exactly what size of band you will need for the event and/or the venue then please ask our advice. Thank you for showing an interest in Duns Pipe Band and we look forward to receiving your enquiry. So... if you're looking for a solo piper or the whole pipe band, why not visit our Contact Us page .   Privacy Policy Equal Opportunities and Diversity Policy © 2018. Duns Pipe Band All Rights Reserved. Cookie Policy This site uses cookies to store information on your computer. Do you accept? 