COMMUNITY YOUTH ORCHESTRA - Home Home About Our Philosophy Student News Staff Programs Summer Programs Auditions > Application Community Service Program Ensembles Calendar Support Doug Fischer Memorial Scholarship Fund Donate Fundraiser > Practice-A-Thon Program Advertisement Members Only Menu COMMUNITY YOUTH ORCHESTRA Home About Our Philosophy Student News Staff Programs Summer Programs Auditions > Application Community Service Program Ensembles Calendar Support Doug Fischer Memorial Scholarship Fund Donate Fundraiser > Practice-A-Thon Program Advertisement Members Only end container end header Summer Programs More Information 2019-2020 Audition More Information end banner-wrap O U R   P R O G R A M S For students of all ages and ability levels... Community Youth Orchestra of Southern California  was established in 1989 in Irvine, California, and continues to be a major force in music education for students throughout the Orange County area. Supported by a small but growing endowment and generous volunteer support, our low student fees make participation affordable for families of all socioeconomic backgrounds. The diversity of our teaching staff as well as our programming provides an enriching musical experience that introduces students to a broad range of classical and contemporary works from composers of many cultures across four centuries, including collaborations with choir, drama, and dance. Academy (Violin Ensemble) Open to students as young as age three, our Suzuki-inspired courses are taught by SAA-Registered Suzuki Teachers and help students develop solo and ensemble skills at all levels from beginning (Book 1) to advanced (Book 10). Orchestral Ensembles Our Sinfonietta, Sinfonia, and Symphony offer a tiered progression of advancement for string, woodwind, brass, and percussion students. Orchestral ensembles perform three to four major concert programs each season, under the guidance of experienced conductors. Community Service CYOSC is committed to supporting music education in our local community through the sponsorship of young teachers, volunteer opportunities for high school students, and special projects to benefit early childhood music education initiatives. For more information about the ​Doug Fischer Memorial Scholarship Fund , please visit our information page . A C K N O W L E D G E M E N T S Making the Music Possible Community Youth Orchestra of Southern California is a 501(c)3 non-profit arts education organization. For over twenty-five years we have provided exceptional yet affordable music education programs in Orange County to students of all socioeconomic levels thanks to the help of many kind donors. We would like to recognize some of our long-time contributors here. Orchestra Endowment Open Mind Foundation Supporters O'Melveny & Myers ​Studio Wie, LLC ​Focalpoint Film Jennifer Lynn Photography ​Nick Yoon Photography Season Contributors Hennings-Fischer Foundation Healey Foundation Morey's Music Store M&R Weisshaar and Son ​Roger Foster, Violinmaker Artistic and Community Partners Irvine Barclay Theatre The Arts at St. Margaret's The City of Irvine MusiShare, Inc. WebAdvanced.com Thank you for your tax-deductible donation to CYOSC! Please contact staff@cyosc.org for contribution information. end main-wrap Location Community Youth Orchestra of Southern California Community Youth Orchestra of Southern California is a City of Irvine-based 501(c)3 non-profit arts education organization. Founded in 1989, for over twenty-five years we have offered a diverse range of musical training and community service programs for instrumentalists of all ages and ability levels. We rehearse and perform at Community Centers throughout the City of Irvine, and sponsor professional development for emerging teachers. Contact Us Email:  staff@cyosc.org Email is our primary method of communication. Due to our small office staff size, at this time we are unable to provide services over the phone. end container end footer-wrap Home About Our Philosophy Student News Staff Programs Summer Programs Auditions > Application Community Service Program Ensembles Calendar Support Doug Fischer Memorial Scholarship Fund Donate Fundraiser > Practice-A-Thon Program Advertisement Members Only 