 Blackthorn - Ceilidh Band, Ceili Band, Barn Dance Band, Folk Band THE BLACKTHORN BAND TUNES, SONGS & CEILIDH DANCES from Britain & Ireland Home Page What people said Repertoire & Booking Info Biographies & History Video & Music "Blackthorn were absolutely fantastic on the day. You were so well organised and totally took the pressure off us, everyone enjoyed the ceilidh, the music was a great mix, the caller judged the ability of everyone there perfectly, and feedback from all the guests couldn't have been more positive. Couldn't have wished for a better experience, and we were really lucky to find you." More comments Sarah, Jacqy, Fergus, Mannie - Sidmouth Folkweek Sarah, Alex, Mannie & Fergus "Focused and accomplished, this is dignified Anglo Celtic music of the first order" fROOTS "This lovely album" Irish Music magazine "Every tune played becomes a real delight and the biggest surprise is that the band is little known" Keltika (Italy) "inexplicably undersung...Present-day bands playing Celtic repertoire don’t come much better than this." Netrhythms "The music produced is quite exhilarating and a toe-tapping certainty." Fiddle On "Extremely accomplished." Folk London "Musicianship of such a standard deserves recognition and success" The Folk Mag "The live gigs have received overwhelming positive feedback too." Seered.co.uk wrote about Sidmouth Folkweek ceilidhs "Blackthorn were one of the best bands on offer during the whole week. ..Have them back next year!" Sarah McQuaid wrote about Blackthorn's Sidmouth concert "Do send me a copy of your new CD when it's out and I'll be delighted to review it for Hot Press. If it's anything like as good as the live act I'm sure it'll be favourable!" More comments Read all Far From Home reviews Read all The River That Runs Below reviews Irish, Scottish and English Ceilidh with lively songs Blackthorn is a popular and experienced 3 or 4 piece traditional folk band (including caller when needed) available for all types of public and private event. We have a wealth of experience in ceilidhs, barn dances, parties and corporate functions too. If you are looking for lively, melodic Celtic tunes and a good singalong or ceilidh for your wedding or party give Blackthorn a call. If you need an entertaining, professional act for your arts event, rooted in the traditional music of these islands, Blackthorn have become a popular choice for folk and arts festivals, clubs, and venues such as the Royal Albert Hall (ignite series). All the band are multi instrumentalists, with a life-long passion for traditional music and dance and a provide an enthusuastic, varied and authentic feel to the music. Blackthorn's music is led by strong flute and fiddle melodies, backed by guitar and bouzouki rhythms, and contrasted with the sounds of the concertina and their many other instruments. <BR><BR> The band has released two albums, <A HREF="farfromhome.htm">Far From Home</A> (2003) and <A HREF="riverthatrunsbelow.htm">The River That Runs Below</A> (2008). Both have received much acclaim in the music press. Mannie McClelland - Concertina, Bodhran, Dance calling Fergus McClelland - Vocals, Bouzouki, Fiddle Sarah Mooney - Flute, Low Whistle, Guitar, Bass pedals Jacquelyn Hynes - Whistle, Flute, Saxophone Based in Southern England the band also travels further afield. Call, e-mail or text to book or discuss the options. Call: 01273 455202 E-mail: pete@blackthornband.org Text: 07720 069877 (please leave any voice messages on the landline) Please also read the Booking Info <p>Join the Blackthorn<A HREF="http://www.blackthornband.org/emaillist.html"> mailing list</A> and stay in touch with us. You'll receive occasional updates with gig lists and new releases and can unsubscribe at any time (we only mail 3 or 4 times per year)</p> Demo CD available - call or e-mail if you're thinking of booking Buy "Far From Home" Now! - Price £6.99 including postage Download "Far From Home" Now! Play "Far From Home" on Spotify Now! It only takes a minute to set up a free spotify web account Buy "The River That Runs Below" Now! - Price £6.99 including postage Download "The River That Runs Below" Now! Play "The River That Runs Below" on Spotify Now! It only takes a minute to set up a free spotify web account Available For CONCERTS * WEDDINGS * PARTIES We enjoy playing for weddings and private parties. Listen to traditional tunes from Ireland, England, Scotland and Wales - Jigs, Reels, Hornpipes, Polkas, Waltzes, Planxties and Airs. Sing along with well known songs like the Wild Rover, and the Leaving of Liverpool. Or get up and dance! We can arrange a complete ceili, barn dance or ceilidh evening for you. Visit the Blackthorn Facebook Page! See Blackthorn live with audience reaction on our YouTube channel! Visit our MySpace page! Blackthorn is partnered with Hop Till You Drop Live Music Agency , a source for great wedding and party bands in the UK & Last Minute Musicians.com agency 