CanAfrica Blues Tour CanAfrica Blues Tour Ride shotgun on an epic, blues road tour as Doc MacLean and Albert Frost unite in a four wheel, continental drift. Mixing Delta with west Africa, Son House with Ali Farka Toura, electric with acoustic, new stories with old... This Canadian-African collaboration will surprise and delight as it rolls over nine Canadian provinces, coast to coast. corrects IE6 width calculation December 23, 2018 It's a Wrap! It's a wrap. Nine Canadian provinces. Coast to Coast. Trees and rock. Flatlands. Mountains. Summer. Fall. Winter. Places big, small, grand and humble. The world's biggest, little blues tour. Myself, and Albert Frost. Twenty thousand km in the Big Lincoln. We brought the Blues to places big and small, beautiful and strange. Nearly sixty shows. Tour like this don't just happen. It takes a big community of supporters to foster a national tour. I am very grateful to all of my friends up and down the line- we could not do this without you. No grants, no agents, no managers, no record labels. Five guitars. A lifetime of experience. A network of fabulous blues societies across Canada. The cool venues and cool folks across nine provinces made this tour as successful as it was. Many of Canada's top blues musicians joined us for shows along the way. Morgan Davis made Bearly's House of Blues into a classic, trio show. Yeah, you should of been there.  The godfather of the east coast scene, Joe Murphy- always welcome on our stage. I'd forgotten the left leaning blues of Winnipeg, Manitoba. One of the last of the big, bad old blues joints. Everybody played here. We stood where Muddy stood. Soon, this place will be gone, and perhaps condos will overflow onto these hard streets. Big Dave McLean will go on to be Maple nominated "Acoustic Act of the Year." Congrats, Dave. Maple nominations are generally announced fifty to sixty shows into my annual, nine province Canadian tour schedule. It's a parallel universe, I'm afraid- and the blues business is now quite disconnected from my world of small town Legion Halls, small town stories, gas stations and truck stops. It would be hard to add more dates, and hard to miss the ones the Tour visits every year. It's all about the live music, the living blues, the living story, the shared journey, the adventure. Still, it would be nice to get a little hunk of blue plastic before I die. Better before, for sure. In Saskatchewan, we detoured to lay a wreath on behalf of South African Women's Hockey. I was pleased to be able to do this for them, but this was surely one of the most emotional moments of our journey. Canada, for all it's size, is a small place when you leave the big cities behind. Humboldt Strong. Alberta Premier Rachel Notley attended our closing, Calgary show at the Blues Can. We had an interesting conversation that had little to do with politics, and much to do with life. I did use the opportunity to propose stable funding for Canada's favourite radio station, CKUA!     Cool stuff. High desert.   That's All Folks! Doc MacLean returns to South Africa in January 2019 for "Spook'n Diesel," his 3rd, solo SA tour. Albert Frost returns to Canada for solo shows, August-September, 2019. Posted by Doc MacLean at December 23, 2018 No comments: Email This BlogThis! Share to Twitter Share to Facebook Share to Pinterest Labels: African blues , Albert Frost , Big Dave , Blues Can , CanAfrica Blues Tour , Doc MacLean , Doc McLean , humboldtstrong , Joe Murphy , Maple Blues , Morgan Davis , National Steel Blues Tour , Rachel Notley , Railway Club , SAMA October 1, 2018 Quebec Out of the gate. Southern Ontario left in the dust, the Big Lincoln has pushed us into Quebec. It's not getting any easier to book shows across this territory- and language has nothing to do with it. The power and politics of the entertainment industry are certainly more pronounced here, but we don't let that get in the way of playing a few shows!  A nice crowd attended our Legion Hall show in Morin Heights, Quebec. I've played this region for many years, so it was nice to see familiar faces appear out of the darkness. Soon enough we reached old Montreal, where we spotted our first moose... These women were not speaking to anyone, but Albert and I have been working hard on our french language skills. Posted by Doc MacLean at October 01, 2018 No comments: Email This BlogThis! Share to Twitter Share to Facebook Share to Pinterest August 19, 2018 It's A Tour! Riding the ol' Snake It's a Tour. Way over fifty dates now now. Nine provinces. Two coasts. One big ride on the Blues Highway. It'll be hot when we set out in September. The blacktop shimmering in the heat. Waves of baked air rolling up like a strange surf from the horizon. Fast roads without much traffic. School in, and the tourists changing like the leaves on the trees. Slowly, slowly. The changing of the colours, the changing of the guard. And then. Suddenly they'll be gone. The Tourists. The travellers. Like the hummingbirds, fleeing south at the hint of cool. Then these roads will belong to the Tour. The Lincoln sucking back the miles, the kilometres, the gasoline, as it was born to do. Me, and Albert Frost: we'll suck back big black coffees. Red wine, reefer. Fred McDowell and Big Joe Williams crackling in the back seat. We'll share this Blues Highway with the big trucks. "Breaker 1-9 for information, breaker 1-9." Before I owned a car, or was old enough to drive one, I thumbed these places. Some of them. The TransCanada. Like a snake twisting and turning it's little stripes. It could swallow you up. There were places on the TransCanada where you could get stuck for days. Wawa, Ontario. I bet there's other people out there who remember that sorry stretch of road. I used to play harmonica for coffees. Now I bring the Blues to the mill towns, and pour the money into The Lincoln: a ton of chrome and glass that rides the old snake. There's old stories out here, too- and stories that haven't been told yet. The harvest of adventure. The dreams of a toad. Blue lights moving in the forest at night. Places where the land is burning, burning, burning outside the Legion Hall. Places. Places where somebody knows my name. Places I might- or might not- ever visit again. Places with a poster in the gas station window. A poster like this one. The National Steel "CanAfrica" Blues Tour launches on Wednesday, September 5, 2018 at Hugh's Room Live, in Toronto, Canada. Reserve now! https://hughsroomlive.com/event/doc-maclean-albert-frost-aka-canafrica-blues-tim-bastmeyer/ Thursday, September 6- the Moonshine Cafe, Oakville, ON http://www.themoonshinecafe.com Friday, September 7- Take Note! Music House, Barrie, ON http://www.takenotepromotion.com/house-concerts/ Saturday, September 8- Legion Hall, Morin Heights, Quebec. Tics at venue. Sunday, September 9- Smoke Meat Pete's, Isle Perrot, Montreal, Quebec. Rush seats only. As the Tour rolls out, this Blog page does more to tell the story, than to advance it... For ongoing, detailed listings I suggest you visit, Like and Follow my Facebook artist page: https://www.facebook.com/docmaclean.deltablues   Posted by Doc MacLean at August 19, 2018 No comments: Email This BlogThis! Share to Twitter Share to Facebook Share to Pinterest Labels: Albert Frost , Canadian blues , CanAfrica Blues Tour , Cape Town blues , Doc MacLean , Hugh's Room Live , South Africa blues , Toronto Blues , Wawa July 11, 2018 Most Concert Dates now Sold Counting down now now. Only a few more weeks before the National Steel "CanAfrica" Blues Tour launches at Toronto, Canada. Albert Frost and I will be rolling across nine of ten provinces, coast to coast and in between. At this point dates are over 90 percent sold- just a few spaces left here and there on the Canadian tour map. Can you help to fill one of these blanks? Rolling out CanAfrica has been a learning experience. People and paperwork. Building bridges between two countries. There's always new stuff surfacing. Visas. Taxes. Airports. Gear. You see the best and the worst of cultural infrastructure. Trends that are helpful, and trends that are troubling. Things are changing on the ground- as they always do. For a lot of reasons, this has been the toughest tour to assemble of the last thirteen years. This tour doesn't run on grants and record company advances. It doesn't run on the silver spoons of festivals, either. Not that we wouldn't like that, and quickly adjust to such a life. But because it is what it is. It runs on guts and determination. Hope and dedication. No venue too large, too small, too grand, or too humble. We travel a thin strip of blacktop and gravel in all weather- and bring the Blues to Your Town. I'm very excited about having Albert Frost partner on this tour. Firstly, because we always have a great time hanging out and playing music, but also because he is the first arrival of the many independent South African artists I've encouraged and invited to tour Canada. Those who get to hear him are going to love him! I can hardly wait to introduce him to the friends and places that make up the great, Canadian portion of the National Steel Tour. I haven't had as much fun since Colin Linden used to sit next to me. Meanwhile, Albert and I are honoured to have been invited by the government of South Africa to participate in the gala, Mandela celebration concert at Ottawa in September. See the updated schedule in the sidebar! Posted by Doc MacLean at July 11, 2018 No comments: Email This BlogThis! Share to Twitter Share to Facebook Share to Pinterest Labels: African blues , Albert Frost , CanAfrica Blues Tour , Doc MacLean , Mandela Day , National Steel Blues Tour , South Africa blues April 10, 2018 The Pitch: Does it Need to Be "Ful-O-Pep?" This National Steel Blues Tour, now in it's 13th consecutive year. Who would of thought? No place too large, too small, too grand or too humble. It's played all parts of all ten Canadian provinces multiple times- and a couple of territories to boot. It's played twenty-five American states, and much of South Africa. It brings the Blues to places where artists with agents, managers, and even labels- will never be seen. Some places with more dogs than people. The Tour plays big places, too, but this is more than an ongoing adventure of over 1000 shows, over 1000 days spent driving, over 1000 load ins, sound checks, set lists, emails. More. Much more. How many stories? How many cold rooms, broken hearts, nights spent sleeping in cars behind some prairie juke joint? How many wrecks? Windows smashed out by rocks? Narrow escapes with death on this blues highway? Hunter Thompson might of said that the music business also has it's down side. But not being in the music business, I can't say. I tell songs and sing stories, and play the blues. So let me pour another glass of red, and tune up my trusty National. This won't last forever, you know. But the Blues Highway has still got it's arms open wide. And I can still drive. This year's "CanAfrica Blues" theme features my good friend Albert Frost. How cool is that? I met this West Cape, South Africa based artist during my Zulu Skies Tour in 2016. Since then, we've had a ball performing at some of Africa's best theatres and festivals. This is a guy who counts Lonnie Johnson, Jimi Hendrix, and Ali Farka Toure (who he actually played with) among his top musical influences. He does rock, folk, jazz, traditional west African, and blues. He's a real blues guy. But he's not terribly concerned about genre. Or confined by it. Music is a language that comes of stories, and in Frost's Africa there is no shortage of stories. South Africa has long been a unique musical cauldron, and Albert's art reflects this. This year, he's my guest on my Blues Highway across North America. CanAfrica Blues. I'm thrilled to have him along. I've had a lot of truly great guitar players work with me over the years, but I can't say I've enjoyed a player as much as Albert since... maybe since Colin Linden. While Albert Frost enhances what I do tremendously, I'm more looking forward to introducing him and his music to North American audiences. His singing, songwriting and performance guarantee that he'll be back- on his own. Or with a band. In bigger venues. Maybe I'll get to open for him! Anyway, we're going to have fun! Canadians don't know how lucky they are to be able to witness Albert Frost in some of the small venues we're booking on this coast to coast Tour. Elsewhere in the world the venues are often bigger- much bigger. The National Steel "CanAfrica" Blues Tour is now over half sold. But I'd definitely like to increase our weaning weights as soon as possible. Maybe if I sugar coat the pitch we'll have the remaining dates filled in no time! Hey, venue folks- book now if you haven't already. The suspense is killing me, and the motor is running. Who's full of pep now? Posted by Doc MacLean at April 10, 2018 No comments: Email This BlogThis! Share to Twitter Share to Facebook Share to Pinterest Labels: African blues , Albert Frost , Canadian blues , CanAfrica Blues Tour , Harvest Blues , National Steel Blues Tour , storyteller Older Posts Home Subscribe to: Posts (Atom) media sidebar... a National Steel Blues tour... the CanAfrica blues... Doc MacLean and Albert Frost. One guy played with Son House, the other with Ali Farka Toure. So now now, CanAfrica Blues: a playful, yet respectful collaboration by these unique, yet complimentary artists– each of whom mix traditional and contemporary blues and roots music from their own continents. On the ground, it's an old school, vintage road adventure: the National Steel: jamming a big Lincoln across the continent, stopping in places large and small from coast to coast. The CanAfrica Blues Tour has it's sights set on 9 Canadian provinces. "No venue too large, too small, too grand or too humble." Songs and stories lived in the moment. Africa and America in joy and sorrow. CanAfrica Blues... Download this description . doc & albert... hey! where it's going... The National Steel, CanAfrica Blues Tour Developing Route/Schedule 5 Sept Toronto, ON 6 Sept Oakville, ON 7 Sept Barrie , ON 8 Sept Morin Heights, QC 9 Sept Montreal, QC 10 Sept Montreal, QC 11 Sept Ottawa, ON 12 Sept Quebec City, QC 13 Sept Florenceville, NB 14 Sept Truro, NS 15 Sept Margaretsville, NS 16 Sept Deep Cove , NS 17 Sept Halifax, NS 18 Sept Cow Bay , NS 19 Sept Bedford, NS 20 Sept Montague, PE 21 Sept Donaldson, PE 22 Sept Breadalbane, PE 25 Sept Moncton, NB 26 Sept Saint John, NB 27 Sept Fredericton, NB 28 Sept Ripple, NB 29 Sept Nackawic, NB 30 Sept Quebec City, QC Oct 1 Ottawa , ON Oct 3 Lavigne , ON Oct 4 Wawa , ON Oct 5 Pass Lake , ON Oct 6 Thunder Bay , ON Oct 7 Winnipeg, MB Oct 8 Winnipeg, MB Oct 9 Saskatoon, SK Oct 10 Saskatoon, SK Oct 11 Lloydminster , SK Oct 12 Edmonton, AB Oct 13 Valemount , BC Oct 14 Prince George, BC Oct 15 100 Mile House, BC Oct 17 Victoria, BC Oct 19 Victoria, BC (CFUV Radio) Oct 19 Tofino, BC Oct 21 Denman Isl., BC Oct 24 Courtenay, BC Oct 25 Cumberland, BC Oct 26 Duncan, BC Oct 27 Quadra Isl., BC Oct 28 Victoria, BC Oct 30 Vancouver, BC Nov 1 Vancouver , BC Nov 2 Vancouver, BC Nov 3 White Rock, BC Nov 4 Spences Bridge, BC Nov 7 Keremeos , BC Nov 8 Nelson, BC Nov 9 Coleman, AB Nov 10 Lethbridge, AB Nov 11 Twin Butte, AB Nov 14 Canmore , AB Nov 15 Calgary , AB Nov 16 Calgary , AB Nov 17 Calgary, AB End CanAf Nov 18 Travel, Begin Doc solo Nov 19 Saskatoon, SK Nov 20 Saskatoon, SK Nov 21 Saskatoon, SK Nov 22 Regina, SK Nov 23 Gimli, MB Nov 24 Gimli, MB Nov 25 Kenora, ON Nov 26 Thunder Bay, ON Nov 28 Rockport, ON Nov 29 Sault Ste. Marie, ON Nov 30 Sudbury, ON Dec 1 Toronto, ON Dec 3 Toronto, ON Dec 10 Toronto, ON Dec 16 Toronto, ON Dec 17 Toronto, ON All dates and routing subject to change. V ersion: 18DEC. Buyers: Non-confirmed or expired offers, TBC dates, non-listed dates can be booked. Ask. All dates must be filled. albert frost... the artists... 2017 SAMA (South African Music Association) Album of the Year winner, Albert Frost has performed with international artists such as Ali Farka Toure, Finley Quaye, Vusi Mahlasela and Ginger Baker. He has toured with Simple Minds, REM, and has supported the Rolling Stones. As a guitarist, singer, songwriter, and producer, Frost has been a celebrated figure in the South African folk, blues, roots and rock music scene for over 20 years. The Fender endorsed artist romps fearlessly and joyfully between electric and acoustic guitars of every description, as well as surfacing occasionally on keyboards or drums. The remarkable pleasure Frost finds, invents, and simply conjures from the music is not to be missed. Download artist description. During 40 years of touring Doc MacLean has performed with a who's who of first and second generation blues, roots and gospel artists such as Sam Chatmon, Peg Leg Sam, and Blind John Davis. Among many others, he has supported Sonny Terry and Brownie McGhee, Muddy Waters, Johnny Winter, and BB King. As a songwriter and storyteller, MacLean has recorded with members of the Canned Heat and Mavis Staples bands. This real deal, old school troubadour lives on the Blues Highway– self driving to hundreds of shows every year, and sometimes busking the places in between. Named as one of the top sets at Africa's massive, 2017 OppiKoppi festival. Download artist description. doc maclean... photo credit: Nick Harding info, links, downloads... PIC, Doc/Albert, tough (.jpg) TOUR SUMMARY, (150 words) PIC, Albert Frost, w. bow, on dark, (.jpg) PIC, Doc MacLean, live (Hi-Res.tif) BIO, Albert Frost (140 words) BIO, Doc MacLean (142 words) LOGO, Official CanAfrica Tour Logo PIC, Albert Frost, b/w, (.jpg) PIC, Albert Frost, w. bow, light bgd, (.jpg) PIC, Doc MacLean, blue eyes, (.jpg) PIC, Doc MacLean, w. guitars (.jpg) PIC, Doc MacLean, b/w vagabond (.jpg) PIC, Doc MacLean, live (.jpg) BIO, Doc MacLean, Short Descriptive (37 words) BIO, Doc MacLean, Medium Promo/Bio (275 words) BIO, Doc MacLean, Long Promo/Bio (485 words) VIDEO- Doc MacLean, unk., Rooster Blues, 2004 VIDEO- Albert Frost, Sugarman, Mozambique, 2014 VIDEO- Doc MacLean, live, Dead Men Walking, Victoria, 2013 VIDEO/INTERVIEW- Albert Frost, ExpressoTV, Caroline, 2014 VIDEO- Albert Frost, Parchman Farm, SONYTV, JHB, 2013 VIDEO- Albert Frost, Official video- Tonight, 2017 VIDEO- Albert Frost, Outside, 2017 WEBSITE- Albert Frost WEBSITE: Tim Bastmeyer INTERVIEW- Doc MacLean, The Show, SA, 2017 INTERVIEW- Doc MacLean, Watkykjy, 2017 INTERVIEW: Texx and the City, SA (2016) REVIEW, Tour/CD, Rolling Rock Prophecies, SA (2016) VIDEO- Doc MacLean, CP24, Cape Town, 2017 VIDEO- Doc MacLean, Image Engineer, Pretoria, 2017 FEATURE- Doc MacLean, EYE-TV, Cape Town, 2017 FEATURE STORY, People, Cape Town, SA (2016) REVIEW: Tour, No Depression Cross Bones Blues Tour 2017 Zulu Skies Blues Tour (2016) Big X Tour (2015) Prisoner of Love.m4a (1979) w. Sam Chatmon Doc's FB Artist Page (Like & Follow, please) tim bastmeyer... opens at Hugh's, Toronto tour poster, dates download 11x 17 tour poster, write-on blank download 11 x 17 shared promo materials... The Info, Links, and Downloads section of this website (above) contains ALL authorized bios, videos, paid images, logos, and user ready posters for the 2018, National Steel "CanAfrica" Blues Tour. Provided components may be used to produce custom, in house promos or illustrations for print or web as needed, or be used by print or web media for listings, advance stories or for review purposes associated with the 2018, National Steel "CanAfrica" Blues Tour. All materials are copyright Doc MacLean, 2018, except for Albert Frost images which are used with permission, and are copyright Albert Frost, 2018. The provided 11 x 17 posters can easily be printed in your offices or at a local copy shop. Yes, you can make them smaller, or bigger. Doing this EARLY will help to fill the venue. In the interests of effectively branding and marketing this Tour, please DO NOT use random materials harvested from the internet to assemble promotions. There's ample material provided here. For background purposes, numerous links are provided to detailed biographies, reviews, audio samples, and social media platforms. If it is useful, various links may be shared on your newsletters, websites, or to local media, but please try to use the highlighted, provided download materials to advance this Tour. If you can't find what you need– please ASK. albert shreds it down... media... The Artists would be pleased to schedule interviews or appearances for all media. Questions and requests welcomed. For more information North America: Doc MacLean Music blues AT docmaclean DOT com Africa: Please contact Warren Gibson, Plug Music Agency. warren AT plugmusicagency DOT com blue eyes... photo credit: Nelson Cloud doc with guitars... photo credit: Peter Lee bookings... Some dates may be available- now or in future. While this Tour is largely sold out, any non-listed dates, TBAs, and TBC expired contract dates may be for sale. Check the "where it's going" sidebar above if you are interested, but late to the plate. ASK. Worldwide bookings are ongoing for both Artists. Agency interest is welcomed. ASK. Contact: Doc MacLean Music blues AT docmaclean DOT com contacts and sponsors... Tour Booking, Management, Admin- Doc MacLean Music. blues AT docmaclean DOT com the national... other connections... Production Gear, North America- Long & McQuade Production Gear, Africa- Paul Bothner Music Publicist, Africa- Plug Music Agency Member- Saskatoon Blues Soc., Saskatchewan, CAN Member- Loc 1000, American Federation of Musicians (AFM), New York, USA Member- SOCAN (Doc MacLean) Legal, Sanderson Entertainment Law Toronto Blues Society Ottawa Blues Society Thunder Bay Blues Society East Coast Blues Society White Rock Blues Society Kootenay Blues Society Albert Frost Tim Bastmeyer blog archive... ▼  2018 (6) ▼  December (1) It's a Wrap! ►  October (1) ►  August (1) ►  July (1) ►  April (1) ►  January (1) columns main outside of the include in order to lock Attribution widget Watermark theme. Powered by Blogger . content 