Cambridge Jazz Co-op – A place for keen local jazz musicians to meet in Cambridge Skip to content Cambridge Jazz Co-op A place for keen local jazz musicians to meet in Cambridge #masthead Menu Home Directions Current Programme FAQ Past Programmes Past Programme 2018 Past Programme 2017 Past Programme 2016 Past Programme 2015 Past Programme 2014 Past Programme 2013 Past Programme 2012 Past Programme 2011 Past Programme 2010 Past Programme 2009 History Visiting Tutors Blog .inside-navigation #site-navigation Welcome to the Cambridge Jazz Co-op .entry-header The Cambridge Jazz Co-op is an informal group of keen, local jazz musicians that meet on Saturday mornings in Cambridge, England to play under the guidance and tuition of professional/prestigious jazz tutors/performers. We are current meet at the Meadows Community Centre . Click here for directions. Morning Sessions: Saturdays only , 11am start Although each Saturday morning session can vary, typically the visiting tutor will supply the Jazz Co-op with a couple of compositions to play through. The compositions themselves can be jazz standards but can also be compositions penned by the tutors themselves. The pieces are then performed by the Jazz Co-op with the group playing the main theme as a group, followed by each of the attendees taking a solo over the form supported by the rhythm section. To get more of an idea of what happens check our blog reports on previous Saturday  morning sessions here . Jazz Co-op members are free to attend or not attend sessions and so the composition of the group varies from week to week, but in general there are about 10-15 members from which a rhythm section and a front line is forme There is no pressure on any individual to either perform the theme or take a solo – it is up to the confidence of the player concerned. The point about taking a solo is not to impress the rest of the members, but to improve one’s performance and depending on your level get more comfortable playing in a group situation. Each session starts at 11:00 am and finishes at 1:30 pm with a break about 12:30 pm for about 15-20 minutes. You are free to leave earlier, if you wish. Each session is £18.00 for over 2 hours tuition and advice from some of the very best pro jazz musicians in Britain. Check out programme of future sessions here . Master Classes Occasionally a professional tutor of particularly high standing may be invited to give a master class  in the afternoon; these are in addition to, and occur after, the normal morning session. Previous masterclasses have been given by such luminaries as Eric Alexander, Vincent Herring, Harold Mabern , Sheryl Bailey , Billy Hart, Alan Barnes, Pete King, John Etheridge, Laurence Cottle, Mark Nightingale, Jim Mullen,  Greg Abate  and  John Parricelli , among others. Master Classes are priced individually, but are usually in the region of £15.00. Check out some reports on previous Master Classes here . Location We meet at the Meadows Community Centre in Cambridge, the U.K. Find directions here . Contact Us If you have a question that is not answered in our FAQ , please feel free to e-mail us  here. .entry-content .inside-article #post-## #main #primary Facebook Click for more information on our Facebook site. Search for: Categories Categories Select Category Books    Effortless Mastery Compositions    (Won’t You Come Home) Bill Bailey    A Night In Tunisia    Afro Blue    Aldeia de Ogum    All Blues    All The Things You Are    Alone Together    Along Came Betty    And What If I Don’t    Another Star    Anthropology    Arroz con Pollo    Autumn Leaves    Beatrice    Beautiful Love    Beauty and the Beast    Bemsha Swing    Bernie’s Tune    Birk’s Works    Blue Bossa    Blue Train    Body and Soul    Boogie Stop Shuffle    Bright Mississippi    Bye Bye Blackbird    C Jam Blues    Cantarnos    Caravan    Carioquinha    Celebration Song    Cherokee    Child’s Play    Del Sasser    Deluge    Descarga Ardendo    Don’t Stop the Carnival    Doxy    Draggin’ on the Ground    Evidence    Fables of Faubus    From Gagarin’s Point of View    Functional    Get Busy Living    Goodbye Pork-pie Hat    Gregory is Here    Groovin’ High    Hadouk    Half Nelson    Hanid    Here’s that Rainy Day    Holland Park    I’ll Remember April    In Passing    Inchworm    Infant Eyes    Joy Spring    Jumping at the Woodside    Just In Time    Killer Joe    Lady Bird    Lover Man    Lullaby of Birdland    Mack the Knife    Maiden Voyage    Mannenberg    Manteca    Memories of Tomorrow    Mo’ Better Blues    Moose the Mooche    Mr P.C.    My Little Suede Shoes    Now’s the Time    Nutsville    Off the Wagon    One for Daddy-O    One Near Miss Once    Pare Cochero    Passion Fruit    Pennies from Heaven    Pint of Bitter    Ponta de Areia    Recordame    Resolution    Reunion    Rhythm-a-ning    Road Song    Sea Change    Sham Time    Silver’s Serenade    Sister Sadie    Slam    So What    Solar    Song for My Father    Sonnymoon For Two    Speak No Evil    Stablemates    Stealin’ Trash    Stella by Starlight    Take the A Train    Tasty Pudding    Tenor Madness    The Saga of Harrison Crabfeathers    The Shadow of Your Smile    The Way You Look Tonight    This Here    This I Dig of You    Three to Get Ready    Time Will Tell    Toccata    Tokyo Blues    Tones    Totem Poll    Triste    Up Jumped Spring    Vignette    Vivo Sonhando (Dreamer)    West Coast Blues    What’s New?    Whisper Not    Woody’n You    Ya Gotta Try    Yardbird Suite    Yes or No Master Classes News Sessions Tutors    Adam Amor    Alan Barnes    Alex Hutton    Andrea Vicari    Billy Hart    Brandon Allen    Buster Birch    Carl Orr    Clark Tracey    Colin Holdom    Damon Brown    Dave Jones    Dave Jones (Piano)    David Ellingham    Derek Nash    Eric Alexander    Frank Griffith    Gareth Lockrane    Giulio Lampronti    Harold Mabern    James Brady    Jesse Davis    Joris Dudli    Laurence Cottle    Martin Hathaway    Martin Zenker    Matt Anderson    Matt Ridley    Matthew Roberts    Michele Gori    Mick Foster    Milan Nikolic    Nic France    Nick Page    Paul Jayasinha    Paul Kirby    Pete Lemer    Robert Mitchell    Roger Beaujolais    Roland Perrin    Sam Bullard    Sam Leak    Sheryl Bailey    Simon Spillett    Tommaso Starace    Trevor Tomkins    Vincent Herring Local Jazz Organisations Cambridge Modern Jazz Club Ipswich Jazz Club Peterborough Jazz Club Interesting Sites Fakebook Index Jazz Advice Jens Larsen Learn Jazz Standards Matt Otto Matt Warnock Sax on the Web Forum The Jazz Guitar Forum Software Band in a Box iReal Pro MobileSheets Transcribe Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org .inside-right-sidebar #secondary #content #page © 2019 Cambridge Jazz Co-op • Powered by GeneratePress .site-info .site-footer [if lte IE 11]> <script type='text/javascript' src='https://cambridgejazzcoop.org.uk/wp/wp-content/themes/generatepress/js/classList.min.js?ver=2.2.2'></script> <![endif] 