CICATOS: Central Indiana Chapter of the American Theatre Organ Society - Home CICATOS: Central Indiana Chapter of the American Theatre Organ Society "Like" us: Home Events About Membership Organs Lerner Theatre Warren PAC Barton Hilbert Circle Wurlitzer Manual H.S. Wurlitzer Hedback Page/Wurlitzer Paramount Page Embassy Page Long Center Wurlitzer Historic Theatres Hilbert Circle Theatre: Indianapolis Paramount Theatre: Anderson Embassy Theatre: Fort Wayne Long Center: Lafeyette Walker Theatre: Indianapolis Restoration Projects Links Contact Us Online Store Welcome to CICATOS Online! Please explore our website to learn more about the theatre pipe organ, local instruments, the venues that house them, and information about joining and becoming involved in our organization! The objectives of CIC-ATOS are to preserve, maintain, restore and promote the surviving theatre pipe organs from the 1920s and 30s, as well as to install restored theatre organs in other suitable venues in Central Indiana. We have monthly socials where we get up close and personal with the terrific theatre organs our area has to offer, plus we present public shows, distribute a monthly newsletter, CIPHERS , and have many ways that members can get involved ranging from the technical crew to the marketing committee. Check out the ATOS 2019 Chapter showcase! Check Out Our Online Store! CICATOS has an online store where you can purchase tickets to our concerts and purchase CDs recorded on the beautiful 3/18 Grande Barton Theatre Pipe Organ located in the Warren Performing Arts Center by some of the top theatre organists today! You can also sign up to become a member here as well as the option to contribute to CIC by making a donation. You can visit our online store by clicking on the button below and also at the top of each page under the tabs section where it says 'online store'. Online Store Begin MailChimp Signup Form Subscribe to our mailing list End mc_embed_signup ﻿ Check out American Theatre Organ Society! The national organization! ﻿ Learn about Theatre Organs @ Wikipedia ﻿ Learn the history and background of the theatre pipe organ! Become a Member of CIC-ATOS! Support a good cause! Make new friends! Enjoy GREAT music! See Theatre Organs on YouTube Watch and listen to countless organists perform online! Listen to ATOS Radio Experience free streaming theatre organ music 24/7! ﻿ ATOS is on Facebook! ﻿ Info and updates if you join the Facebook page! Powered by Create your own unique website with customizable templates. Get Started 