17 South - Wedding Party Band Events - Charleston, SC - Home end banner-wrap Home About Us Media Contact Schedule FAQs Testimonials Song List Photos end container end header 17 South - Wedding & Party Band Jump Start Your Party, Wedding Reception or Corporate Event! Based in Charleston, SC the 17 SOUTH Band is always considered a top choice for  event planners, brides, corporate functions and special events. Featuring the absolute best party-band horn section in the region, the band sets a new standard of excellence whenever it performs. With a full eight piece lineup of experienced musicians plus our professional sound and lighting expert, set your mind at ease knowing your event will be in good hands.  17 SOUTH keeps the audience on their feet with their huge sound, playing classic party favorites and current hits . Get set for a complete range of musical styles from Motown, to R & B, funk, Beach music and jazz from groups like Earth Wind & Fire, Maroon 5, Michael Jackson, Bruno Mars, Cee Lo Green, Stevie Wonder, Black Eyed Peas, James Brown, and many more. The 17 SOUTH Band makes the magic happen at every party with it’s incredible all-star talent and it’s amazing song list so don’t wait,  secure your date today, call or email us now and..... Make YOUR party the one they all remember! Contact Us Today! 17 SOUTH - 8-piece Charleston S.C. band with a full horn section ​ A unique blend of professionalism, fun and classy sound. Please consider booking  17 South  for your next party or wedding. I had the pleasure of working with The 17 South Band at a wedding hosted at Magnolia Gardens several weeks ago. HANDS DOWN, the BEST music and presentation in the SOUTHEAST! These guys are mesmerizing! Personalities plus, instrumental is OVER THE TOP, and voices that raise the bar! Guests just dance the night away - their sound is significant and their music fills up the venue with incredible tunes, past and present. Pam Saulisbury Wedding Coordinator Wow!  We knew that music was a priority for the wedding and 17 SOUTH was better than we ever could have hoped. Your charisma, talent, and ability to gauge your music to the pulse of the guests is the mark of true professionals. Your rendition of ''Can't Take My Eyes Off of You" was perfect for the Bridal Dance.  Thank you so much for helping Anna and Ryan's wedding reception to be so much fun!!!" Marcia Quigley Thomas Bennett House   Click below to view 17 SOUTH's promo video on YouTube!  Watch Now Listen to 17 SOUTH's Medley! Motown, Funk, Classic Hits: Ain’t Too Proud to Beg - The Temptations Brick House - The Commodores Carolina Girls - Chairmen of the Board ​ Do You Love Me - The Blues Brothers Does Anybody Know What Time It Is - Chicago Let’s Stay Together - Al Green Oh What a Night - Frankie Vali & the Four Seasons It Had to Be You - Harry Connick September - Earth, Wind & Fire Shout - Otis Day and the Knights ​Classic Hits from the 80’s to Now: Billie Jean - Michael Jackson ​ Don’t Stop Believin’ - Journey Forget You - Cee Lo Greene Happy - Pharrell Williams I Gotta Feelin’ - Black Eyed Peas Moves Like Jagger - Maroon 5 PYT - Michael Jackson Save the Last Dance for Me - Michael Buble’ Sweet Caroline - Neal Diamond The Power of Love - Huey Lewis and The News Thinking Out Loud - Ed Sheeran Uptown Funk - Bruno Mars Contact 17 South Please contact 17 South today with any questions or requests you may have! ​We'd love to hear from you. * Indicates required field Name * First Last Phone Number * Email * Comment * Submit end main-wrap 17southband@earthlink.net 843-696-7135 : Chuck Dalton 843-906-8279 : Phil King end container end footer-wrap Home About Us Media Contact Schedule FAQs Testimonials Song List Photos 