New Celtic Music from Aniar Records   New Celtic Music aniar records Aniar Records Titles • Soulstice • A Celtic Peace • Setanta • Like Magic • Theo Paige • Reeds and Rosin • Beyond the Shore • Jody's Heaven • A Drop of the Pure • North Amerikay Artists • Jody's Heaven • Dale Russ • Todd Denman How to Order • Order • Free shipping offer • Contact us, email • Terms & return policy Setanta " Russ's fiddling is, as always, awesome. " -The Irish Voice Theo Paige As heard on National Public Radio. "a brilliant 17-year-old fiddler" –Dirty Linen "His heart is wide open. And his chops on a variety of instruments are quite bewildering." –Martin Simpson Reeds and Rosin Todd Denman and Dale Russ "I first saw a reference to this disc - which is subtitled 'an uilleann pipes and fiddle adventure' - when it was listed in Irish Music magazine among the hottest-selling traditional discs in Dublin. Reeds and Rosin is one of the best Irish recordings of the year. [And]...one of the best pipes and fiddle duets on record." North Amerikay Dale Russ and Finn MacGinty A Drop of the Pure Steve Baughman Liner notes by Pierre Bensusan The Truck Stops Here Bruce Abrams SOULSTICE Todd Denman & Aniar "a rich and creative sound ...pulsating" –Dirty Linen "utterly brilliant juxtaposition of old and new... so powerful" –Iris na bPiobairi "Denman and Flynn have sensitively and ingeniously reharmonized a host of trad Irish favorites, and with hauntingly affecting results." -Keyboard dead string rhythm Flynn Cohen "Great picking. Wonderful tone. Wow!" –Brian O'Donovan, Celtic Sojourn, WGBH Boston A CELTIC PEACE Todd Denman Expressive pipes and whistles with guest artists, dedicated to Peace. Todd Denman... is now recognized everywhere as a master...gifted. - Irish Music Magazine Beyond The Shore Deby Benton Grosjean Gorgeous Celtic fiddle with nautical themes. By Scottish Fiddle Champion. It will touch your heart and dance your soul  Aniar Rec ords Welcome. Click on a CD cover Inside Aniar Online Uilleann pipes , what are they, where do they come from, how old are they? Todd Denman "It is one thing to paste contemporary idioms upon a traditional tune, it is a far different thing to penetrate the essence of and discover its natural path to the present." – Iris na bPiobairi California Arts Council Touring Artist MP3 our newest release Award Winner One of best Irish releases of the year Many people I've spoken with claim to have fallen in love with North Amerikay We're pronounced "an-ear" and it means from the west, in Gaelic. One of the best Irish releases of the year -The Irish Voice The music of Dale and Todd is the real thing –Martin Hayes   We offer a special Web discount. See our order form for detail s. 