 Fiddler Magazine Home SilverandSlate Store/Subscribe Back Issue Contents Articles Tune sound/video files Links (Events, Resources...) Articles from sold-out issues Tunes in Fiddler Magazine Contact/About Advertise Free Video Lessons Order Online View Cart Fiddler Magazine Founded in 1994, Fiddler Magazine is an informative, educational, and entertaining resource for fiddlers, accompanists, and appreciative listeners. Each quarterly issue (now approx. 60 pages each) features a variety of different styles of fiddling, as well as plenty of other articles and columns. Regular columns include: Bluegrass Fiddling, “The Practicing Fiddler,” Fiddle Tune History, On Improvisation, Irish Fiddling, Cross-Tuning Workshop, Cross-Canada Fiddle Tour, and reviews of CDs, books, and DVDs. Each issue also includes transcriptions of several tunes. Summer 2019   Paul Brown Laura Orshaw Kyle Dillingham Violin Maker R.J. Storm The Story of the Apple Fiddle Sophie Lavoie Columns and tunes: Waltzes & Airs ("The Divide," by Jay Ungar); The Hidden Note ("The Brown Sailed Boat," as played by John Doherty); Irish Fiddling ("Gan Ainm/Unnamed" and "Maids of Mitchellstown," as played by Lucy Farr); Jody's Column ("Texas Quickstep," as played by A.L. Steeley and "Rachel," as played by Tommy Jackson); Scottish Fiddling ("Tam's Old Love Song," as played by Tommy Hughes and "The Carter Bar," by Jim Nagle); Improvisation (Straight, loping & swing eights...); Notes on Learning ; Bluegrass ("Ashes of Love," as played by Chubby Wise); The Intrepid Fiddler ; The Practicing Fiddler (Beginning Contest Round: "Sally Goodin," "Ookpik Waltz," "I Don't Love Nobody"); Fiddle Tune History ("King of all reels," "Coming down from Denver," "The Halfway House"); Reviews; "Fiddle-toon" comic … StartFragment EndFragment In upcoming issues: George Jackson; Maurice Lennon; Tatiana Hargreaves; Carl Grexton; Cathal Hayden; Gerry Harrington; Bronwyn Keith-Hynes; Buddy Spicher; Ricky Skaggs; Rickie Simpkins; Katrina Nicolayeff & Roberta Pearce… and lots more! Visit our store for DVDs, books, back issues, T-shirts, ball caps, and more!   Read Articles ! (Once on the Articles page, click on "newer/older" at the bottom of the right-hand menu to access more than a hundred articles. Or search for your favorite fiddler or fiddle style in the search box! Note: Must click the "search" button.) Web Design by Websites.ca 