Gabor Meszaros | Bassoon BEGIN #top.site end .x-topbar-inner Gabor Meszaros Gabor Meszaros Navigation Home Study Masterclass Contact English Deutsch Italiano Español end .x-nav-collapse.collapse end .x-navbar-inner end .x-navbar Gabor Meszaros was born in a family with long musical tradition. He studied at the Winterthur University of Music with his father Prof. Janos Meszaros, who was a pupil of the legendary Karel Pivonka. In different masterclasses, he deepened his music knowledge with world famous musicians such as Milan Turkovic, Frantisek Hermann, Werner Seltmann. At 26 years of age, he got his first place as principal bassoon in the Balearic Symphonic Orchestra. He played in different symphony orchestras in Switzerland, Spain and Germany, where he collaborated also as soloist with conductors such as Arpad Joo, Víctor Pablo Pérez, Anthony Wit and Mario Venzago. He was invited to play as principal bassoon at the “Millennium Gala Concert of the Nations”, that took place at the Lincoln Center in New York under the patronage of UNESCO. Different national and international music competitions invite him regularly as jury member. Since 1998, he is professor at the Music University of the Italian Switzerland “Conservatorio della Svizzera Italiana” in Lugano. Some of his students have been awarded at national and international music competitions. Besides his teaching activity at the Music University, he has held masterclasses in Italy, Hungary, Portugal, Spain, Korea, China and Switzerland. Chamber music has an important role in his artistic activity. He is member of the Swiss Nonet, the Ensemble Varié, the Trio Insolito, the Ensemble Ticino Musica and he has also collaborated with the Ensemble Villa Musica. As a soloist, he has played in Europe, North and South America and Asia. His fame as extraordinary bassoon interpreter was confirmed not only by successful concerts, but also by tv appearences and radio recordings. He has recorded for the label “La Bottega Discantica”. Since 2009, Gabor Meszaros is artistic director of the Festival Ticino Musica International Classic . Site Admin About 02.13.2014 end #post-17 end .x-main end .x-container-fluid.max.width.offset.cf end .x-row-fluid end .x-widgetbar-inner.x-container-fluid.max.width end .x-widgetbar.collapse Toggle the Widgetbar end .x-row-fluid end .x-container-fluid.max.width end .x-colophon.top Assign a Menu Proudly Powered By The X WordPress Theme end .x-container-fluid.max.width end .x-colophon.bottom END #top.site [if lt IE 9]><script type="text/javascript" src="http://www.gabormeszaros.com/wp-content/themes/x/framework/js/vendor/selectivizr-1.0.2.min.js"></script><![endif] 