Avalon Guitars - Handmade acoustic guitars, hand crafted in Ireland Avalon Guitars Now available in our online store Excellence in craft since 1989 The finest handcrafted guitars Americana D340A Custom Jim Corr Jim Corr Guitar Unveiling Avalon Guitars Our Brand The Avalon Pilgrimage Guitars Collections Wood/Sound Artists Artists A-Z Videos News Get In Touch Contact Us Dealer Map FAQ’s Repairs/Services Aftercare E-Newsletter Terms & Conditions Login Basket (0) <div class="compare"></div> The spiritual home of Irish guitar making Avalon are the leading makers of premium custom guitars in the UK and Ireland blending innovation in design with the finest materials and uncompromising traditional craftsmanship.We exist to make guitars that are technically perfect and inspiring to play. It’s what we’re renowned for – a passion for quality and workmanship, hand–crafting the finest of materials to ingrain every guitar we build with an inspiring voice. More about us Featured Wood Brazilian Rosewood back-and-sides Featured Artist James Morrison   News + Features Let’s Help Robbie Find His Guitars! Saturday 1 July 2017 No doubt, you will all relate to the joy of owning a great guitar, but can you imagine the pain of losing your treasured instrument to a thief? Then double that grief when two are stolen at the same time! That was the bitter experience for Avalon player Robbie Seay. Sadly, Robbie had his Avalon’s stolen. With your help, perhaps we can get them back. Read more … none What You Need To Know About The New CITES Regulations Friday 24 February 2017 A new rule to regulate the international trade in rosewood has far reaching consequences for all guitar owners. We’ll try to explain what has happened, how it effects you and what we are doing to ensure you have the reassurance that all Avalon’s are fully compliant with the new legislation. Read on … none Jim Corr – D300A Custom Thursday 30 June 2016 The moment of truth when we capture on video the very instant Jim Corr receives his new custom Avalon Americana D340A. Listen and watch as Jim describes the guitar in detail (and wonderment!) and plays it for the first time. none Ian Melrose “Swirling Hands” New Album Thursday 9 July 2015 Avalon endorser and fingerstyle virtuoso Ian Melrose will soon release his new album, “Swirling Sands”. Here is a taster – a musical tribute to Pierre Bensusan titled Monsieur B. none Stewart Garry New Album & Film Project Tuesday 19 May 2015 Folk guitarist Stewart Garry’s 2nd album will be recorded live in different locations around the UK, and filmed at the same time. none Belfast Nashville Songwriter Festival Saturday 7 March 2015 Avalon Guitars on show at the Holiday Inn, Belfast. none Avalon Guitars Our Brand Guitars Artists News Custom Guitar Builder   Avalon Experience   Login / Signup Monday to Friday 0900 - 1700 Please call us to arrange a tour of our workshop Avalon Guitars Ltd Registered in Northern Ireland (No. NI655857) 8 Glenford Way Newtownards BT23 4BX Northern Ireland Facebook Twitter +44 (0)28 9182 0542 info@avalonguitars.com Open Map Designed by Thought Collective • Powered by Edditt Avalon Guitars - Login Email Password Register Close X Forgotten your password Email Register 