Combs Music - Online Ordering, Relaxing Piano, CDs, Sheet Music, Sound Samples Welcome to Combs Music The beautiful music store is located at: 1325 Lewisville-Clemmons Road Lewisville, NC 27023 800-932-6627 Your source for beautiful, relaxing instrumental music -- Since 1986 -- (Photo by Ronny Light, March 1999) Composer Dave Combs (left) and Artist Gary Prim (right) personally welcome you. Enjoy your visit. (Web Page Updated 3/7/2019) You can order Combs Music CDs and Piano Music Books online from our long-time business partner Separk Music . Buy Combs Music CDs and download MP3s now from Amazon.com online store. Amazon and the Amazon logo are trademarks of Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates Order and download Combs Music MP3 songs and albums now from the cdbaby(tm) online store below. Order From CD Baby Watch the video, Touched by the Music of Rachel's Song , on YouTube. Be sure and watch it in HD if you have a high speed connection. Watch as much as you need of the over 6 1/2-hour video, Rachel's Song , on YouTube. Be sure and watch it in HD if you have a high speed connection. Watch as much as you need of the 6 1/2-hour video, Quiet Escapes , on YouTube. Be sure and watch it in HD if you have a high speed connection. Watch as much as you need of the 6-hour video, Discover Tranquility , on YouTube. Be sure and watch it in HD if you have a high speed connection. Watch the 38-minute video, First Christmas , on YouTube. Be sure and watch it in HD if you have a high speed connection. Watch the video, September Flowers in Reynolda Gardens , on YouTube. Be sure and watch it in HD if you have a high speed connection. Late Summer in Winston-Salem would not be complete without a leisurely walk through Reynolda Gardens of Wake Forest University. The variety of flowers are too numerous to mention. And the vibrance and intensity of the colors of the flowers are spectacular. I hope that you enjoy the beauty of the flowers and the music. Watch the video, Fiery Red Azaleas in HD , on YouTube. Be sure and watch it in HD if you have a high speed connection. Winston-Salem, North Carolina has a wonderful little park called Runnymede that has been known for many years for its beautiful Azaleas. Springtime has not really arrived until you have taken a slow drive through the park to visually soak in the deep colors of these beautiful blossoms. Watch the video, Reynolda Gardens Roses in HD , on YouTube. Be sure and watch it in HD if you have a high speed connection. Come stroll through the beautiful Rose Garden at Reynolda Gardens in Winston-Salem, North Carolina. Reynolda Gardens is part of Wake Forest University and is open to the public. There are ninety varieties of award-winning, All-America roses in this rose garden. When I was growing up in East Tennessee my mom always had beautiful flowers growing around our home. When I come to Reynolda Gardens and stroll through these beautiful flowers, as I often do, I am reminded of those pleasant memories back home. It's those pleasant memories and experiences that inspire me to write the kind of music that I write. While you are walking through these beautiful roses with me on this video you'll be hearing my relaxing music in the background. The song is May Flowers from the Springtime Reflections album, arranged and performed by Gary Prim. There's also something that makes this video very special. You can view this video just as it is -- or, you can see these roses in 3-D, in three dimension. All you need to do is simply take a pair of sunglasses and hold one of the darkened lenses to your right eye only -- leaving your left eye uncovered -- and watch the video. And when you do, most folks will see the roses in 3-D -- almost as if you were right here with me strolling through the rose garden. For the technically curious, the technique is called Pulfrich 3D. You can read more about Pulfrich 3D here: A Walk Through the Roses of Reynolda Gardens in 3-D THE STORY BEHIND "RACHEL'S SONG" One afternoon in 1981, my wife, Linda, came home from work and asked me, "What is the name of this song that I have been humming all day?" After she hummed a little bit of the song, I told her, "I don't know the name of it." She said, "You must know the name of it because you play it on the piano all the time." I told her that it was just something that I made up. She got really excited and insisted that I write down the music and make a tape recording of it so that I would not forget it. After I wrote dow the lead sheet for the music we tried to come up with a name forthe song, but nothing seemed to fit. The music stayed in my piano bench for a couple of years with no name. Then in 1983, some very dear friends of ours had a beautiful baby girl named Rachel and they asked my wife and me to be her godparents. Of course we accepted. A few months later, Rachel was Christened at her mother's home church. At the very end of the Christening service I got the inspiration toplay my song on the beautiful grand piano on the platform at the fron of the church. I asked Rachel's parents if they thought it would be OK, and they said, "Sure." Everyone sat back down and I proceeded to play. The music seemed to touch everyone and before the song was over there was not a dry eye in the church, including mine. At the conclusion of the song I turned and announced that from now on the song will be known as "Rachel's Song." For the first time the song had a name and it seemed to be the perfect fit. Dave Combs ATTENTION GIFT SHOPS: If you are merchant and would like to re-sell Combs Music in your establishment, go to our Wholesale Information link for more information. Sooner or later it had to happen. So many folks have asked me about my photography, especially my panoramas, that I finally decided to put some of them up on the web. You can follow the link below to see the photos in what I call my Discover Tranquility series. Hope you enjoy them. Dave Combs Photography (To see the photos) Complete Music Product Listing. (To find out more about the music products , song titles, and sound samples) Piano Transcription Music Books (Available for purchase directly from Combs Music at 800-932-6627) Music Prices. (To find out about the music prices ) How to Order. (To find out how to order the music online or by phone ) Combs Music Normal business hours. (To find out when you can phone Combs Music to speak with someone who can help you. ) Soft Touch Cover Photo in 3-D (To view the cover photograph of Melody the Cat in 3-D) A Walk Through the Roses of Reynolda Gardens in 3-D (To find out about the VHS Music Video in 3-D) Gary Prim. (To find out more about the artist on all these recordings) Dave Combs. (To find out more about the composer on the original composition recordings) Combs Music. (To find out more about the company which produced these recordings) Free Sheet Music (To view full-size, printable sheet music of God's Great Family ) Free MP3 File of title song on Springtime Reflections album Here is the collection of all the Free Stuff from Combs Music on one page. Guideposts Article (To read a reprint of an article about Dave Combs entitled, "Two-Part Harmony") A Long Goodbye and Beyond. (To find out about the book on Alzheimers by Linda Combs) Combs Music Collection contains one song from each of the first fourteen albums produced by Combs Music. These are complete songs, not just shortened samples. So, if you don't already own all fourteen of these albums, you can order the Combs Music Collection and get a flavor for what you are missing. We invite you to go to the album information page to see what all is on this album. Featuring: Piano Instrumental Music Online Ordering, Fast Service, Satisfaction Guaranteed Sound Samples, Sheet Music Samples, Free Printable Sheet Music MP3 Free Download for one entire song (Springtime Reflections) CDs, Tapes, Piano Sheet Music, and Music Video in 3-D Peaceful, Soothing, Calming, and Relaxing Music I'd love to hear from you. If you have any comments or stories about how my music has touched your life I would love to read about them. Please send them to me via email. Thank you for browsing Combs Music. -- Dave Combs Combs Music Company Combs Music is an independent record company that is owned by Dave Combs in Winston-Salem, North Carolina. Combs Music has established a business relationship with Separk Music Company in Lewisville, NC just outside Winston-Salem to provide the day-to-day customer service and fulfillment aspects of the business. Separk Music is located in Lewisville, NC just off Highway 421 and Lewisville-Clemmons Road and is owned by Drew and Marlene Parker, long time friends and customers of Dave Combs. So, when you call Combs Music you will get the friendly voices of the outstanding staff at Separk Music to help you. Combs Music has been in business since the first album, Rachel's Song , was first produced in 1988. Dave Combs composes the instrumental melodies with piano as the primary instrument with Gary Prim as the arranger and recording artist. The Combs Music address is: Combs Music 1325 Lewisville-Clemmons Road Lewisville, NC 27023 USA USA/Canada: 1-800-932-6627 Fax: 1-336-723-1611 Top of Home Page | Combs Music Company Gary Prim | Dave Combs | Complete Music Product Listing Music Pricing | How to Order Gary Prim, Artist Gary Prim is a very gifted, talented, and versatile artist and professional studio musician. Gary grew up in East Tennessee, and was raised in a family where church and music were an important part of their family life. His style of arranging and performing has the rare and distinct quality of deeply touching and moving all who listen. Gary has worked with many renowned recording artists and groups and also writes music. Several of Gary's songs have been recorded by well-known artists. Gary, and his wife, Julie, make their home in Nashville, Tennessee. Top of Home Page | Combs Music Company Gary Prim | Dave Combs | Complete Music Product Listing Music Pricing | How to Order Dave Combs, Composer / Publisher / Photographer Dave Combs , a native of Erwin, Tennessee, grew up in a family that enjoyed making music and taking photographs. Both of his parents and his grandmother Combs played the piano, and Dave's father was skillful at the technique of color tinting black and white photographs. So, if Dave's hands were not busy playing the piano, they were often holding an early Kodak box camera or looking at beautiful photos in a National Geographic Magazine. While in college Dave took an aerial photography course, further stimulating and broadening his interest in photography. Also during his college years, Dave played the piano and served as choir director for his home church in Erwin. After college he moved to Winston-Salem, North Carolina where he served as Minister of Music at a church, worked as a computer programmer, and further developed his skill and interest in photography. Dave's first musical composition, Rachel's Song , was recorded by Gary Prim in 1986 and continues to be a popular instrumental standard around the world. The beautiful dogwood photograph on the cover of that album was taken by Dave. Since that time, Dave has written, produced, and released several additional instrumental albums of beautiful and inspiring melodies, and most of the album covers carry his equally beautiful and inspiring photography. An article written by Dave about how music has changed his life and touched the lives of millions of people appeared in the September 1994 issue of Guideposts magazine. In the past several years many of Dave's beautiful photographs have appeared in the Blowing Rocket weekly newspaper in Blowing Rock, NC. Dave and his wife, Linda, live in Winston-Salem. Top of Home Page | Combs Music Company Gary Prim | Dave Combs | Complete Music Product Listing Music Pricing | How to Order 