Oxford university Bate Collection | Home Faculty of Music | Library Home About the Bate The Collection Education Events Links FAQ News Contact us News Bate Launches New Publication Featuring instruments from the Collection and detailed descriptions. Text by Jeremy Montagu. Foreword by Anneke Scott Edited by Andy Lamb, Kristen A Hansen and Benedict Goodall > Read more New Acquisition Recently acquired collection of violin-making tools from the Chanot family > Read more More Events Seminar Series 2019 > Read more International conference 2019 > Read more More Welcome to the bate collection  Welcome to the Bate Collection, one of the most magnificent collections of musical instruments in the world. The Bate has over 2000 instruments from the Western orchestral music traditions from the renaissance, through the baroque, classical, romantic and up to modern times.  More than a thousand instruments are on display, by all the most important makers and from pre-eminent collectors.    FREE ADMISSION Opening Hours   Monday - Friday afternoons from 2.00 - 5.00 throughout the year. Souvenir gallery guide Read more about it here NEW PUBLICATION Available for purchase in our online store: SERPENTS AT THE BATE COLLECTION 3D printing of a serpent STL Files Instruction Manual Download the files to print your own copy of an 18th century French church serpent. Designed by Dr Mark Witkowski (Imperial College) Bate Collection number 504 re-sOUnd iPhone App We have produced an iPhone app featuring instruments in the Collection.  You can download it, free, from here: iPhone App Listen to our instruments We have recorded some of the instruments in the collection.  You can hear them here: Instruments in the Collection   Visit our online store: We sell a variety of books, CD's and technical diagrams featuring instruments in the collection Bate Shop         The Bate Collection is supported by the following organizations: contact details Bate Collection Faculty of Music St Aldate's Oxford OX1 1DB Tel: +44 1865 276139 Fax: +44 1865 276127 full contact details Bate Library The Bate library includes over 3000 books, periodicals and other publications on the subject of musical instrument development and music technology. It includes the Philip Bate, Anthony Baines and Reginald Morley-Pegge archives plus a developing sound archive of instruments from the collection. Faculty of Music The Faculty of Music of Oxford University, one of the largest and liveliest music departments in the country, and an internationally renowned centre of musical teaching and research. The Faculty offers a highly stimulating environment for anyone interested in a practical, scholarly and creative engagement with music. Terms of Use | Privacy © Copyright 2019 Faculty of Music 