Andrew Hadro Andrew Hadro Albums Discography Bio News Media Itinerary Contact Back For Us, The Living II: Marcescence For Us, The Living Albums For Us, The Living II: Marcescence For Us, The Living Discography Bio News Media Itinerary Contact Andrew Hadro Baritone Saxophone Scroll   CD - For Us, The Living II: Marcescence 13.00 Quantity: Add To Cart For Us, The Living II: Marcescence Released on Tone Rogue Records. Andrew Hadro - Baritone Saxophone, Clarinet, Bass Clarinet, & Flute Julian Shore - Piano Rogério Boccato - Percussion Learn More “ Hadro succeeds big time on For Us, The Living. He pays tribute to the history of improvised music by shining a spotlight on artists who are working on its next chapters right now. ” — Downbeat Magazine Editor's Pick   EVENTS CALENDAR Featured Thumbnail Main Image Events: Date Box Jun 30 Products: Quick View Metadata (Above Title) Events: Date Jun 30, 2019 – Jul 26, 2019 Location Gunnery School Title Litchfield Jazz Camp Metadata (Below Title) Events: Date Jun 30, 2019 – Jul 26, 2019 Location Gunnery School Metadata (Below Content) Events: Date Jun 30, 2019 – Jul 26, 2019 Location Gunnery School End .summary-content End .summary-item Thumbnail Main Image Events: Date Box Jul 26 Products: Quick View Metadata (Above Title) Events: Date Jul 26, 2019 Location EPAC @ The Gunnery Title With LJO Featuring Alexis Cole @ Litchfield Jazz Festival Metadata (Below Title) Events: Date Jul 26, 2019 Location EPAC @ The Gunnery Metadata (Below Content) Events: Date Jul 26, 2019 Location EPAC @ The Gunnery End .summary-content End .summary-item Thumbnail Main Image Events: Date Box Aug 4 Products: Quick View Metadata (Above Title) Events: Date Aug 4, 2019 Location The Shrine Title Shrine Big Band @ The Shrine Metadata (Below Title) Events: Date Aug 4, 2019 Location The Shrine Metadata (Below Content) Events: Date Aug 4, 2019 Location The Shrine End .summary-content End .summary-item Thumbnail Main Image Events: Date Box Aug 18 Products: Quick View Metadata (Above Title) Events: Date Aug 18, 2019 Location Birdland Title David Berger Jazz Orchestra @ Birdland Metadata (Below Title) Events: Date Aug 18, 2019 Location Birdland Metadata (Below Content) Events: Date Aug 18, 2019 Location Birdland End .summary-content End .summary-item End .summary-item-list End .summary-item-list-container See All Events → Subscribe to the Newsletter Email Address Sign Up Thank you!   LATEST NEWS Featured Thumbnail Main Image Products: Quick View Metadata (Above Title) Timestamp Aug 2, 2018 Title A new recording from Eric Plaks Metadata (Below Title) Timestamp Aug 2, 2018 Excerpt Eric Plaks is an adventurous pianist in NYC and I have been very fortunate to spend a lot of time playing with him in the last few years. As part of the Shrine Big Band, as well as many different smaller configurations, Eric always puts together excellent musical situations and fresh writing.  Read More Link Read More → Metadata (Below Content) Timestamp Aug 2, 2018 End .summary-content End .summary-item Thumbnail First Image in Post Products: Quick View Metadata (Above Title) Timestamp Aug 2, 2018 Title For Us The Living II Featured in O's Place Jazz Newsletter Metadata (Below Title) Timestamp Aug 2, 2018 Excerpt A nice short write up from an online jazz newsletter. “Andrew’s baritone sound wonderful as a lead instrument and Marcescence is a meaningful release.” -O’s Place Jazz Newsletter Read More Link Read More → Metadata (Below Content) Timestamp Aug 2, 2018 End .summary-content End .summary-item Thumbnail Metadata (Above Title) Timestamp Jun 22, 2018 Title New review on JazzWeekly.com Metadata (Below Title) Timestamp Jun 22, 2018 Excerpt " Andrew Hadro teams up with Julian Shore/p-key and deliver a mix of free flowing originals along with some modern creations to create a gorgeous and sublime musical tapestry. At a time when intuitive music tends towards cacophony, Hardo wisely steers clear of all pitfalls, using his serene baritone to create rich impressions... " -George W. Harris, Jazz Weekly Click here to read the full review! Read More Link Read More → Metadata (Below Content) Timestamp Jun 22, 2018 End .summary-content End .summary-item Thumbnail Main Image Products: Quick View Metadata (Above Title) Timestamp May 22, 2018 Title Interview on WKUNM New Mexico Radio Station Metadata (Below Title) Timestamp May 22, 2018 Excerpt I was recently interviewed by Larry Kemp, for his excellent radio show, "The House That Jazz Built" on the WKUNM radio station. I really enjoyed speaking with Larry, his knowledge of music and music selection for his show is excellent. Read More Link Read More → Metadata (Below Content) Timestamp May 22, 2018 End .summary-content End .summary-item End .summary-item-list End .summary-item-list-container FOLLOW ANDREW HADRO   Listen & Watch         NYC Based, Modern Focused Andrew Hadro [Hey-dro] Andrew Hadro is a professional musician, composer, and bandleader in Brooklyn, New York. Hadro’s primary instrument is baritone saxophone, though he also performs on bass clarinet, Bb clarinet, and flute, and is one of the only working musicians in New York City to play the bass saxophone.  Recently, Hadro has been presenting compositions by current living composers through his ongoing project "For Us, The Living," An effort to honor tradition through innovation. Hadro has performed and recorded two albums for this series, with the most recent released in April 2018. After 15 years in NYC, Hadro can be heard through an expanding discography and frequent live performances. He has played with and led ensembles large and small, featuring historical and modern styles, as well as through-composed and fully improvised music. Born abroad in Mexico to American parents, Hadro spent most of his childhood in the Chicago area before moving to New York City to study at the New School for Jazz. In addition to working as a performer, Andrew Hadro is a product specialist for Vandoren, advising fellow musicians on equipment including reeds and mouthpieces. As curator of JazzBariSax.com Hadro provides resources and news to baritone saxophonists all over the world. During summers Hadro serves as a director and faculty member for the Litchfield Jazz Camp in Connecticut. "Andrew Hadro is the best young baritone saxophonist I know. After studying with me he joined my working quintet for several years and continues to be one of my first choice saxophonists."   -- Junior Mance "Andrew Hadro is one of the most versatile voices on the Baritone Saxophone I have ever encountered. He possesses a wide array of timbres, driving rhythmic conception and a beautiful lyricism. He is my kind of improviser."  -- Tony Malaby   BOOKING INQUIRIES: a ndrew@andrewhadro.com Hero Events Music Info Booking Hadro Music 373 Stratford Road, Brooklyn, NY, 11218, United States 8473700902 andrew@andrewhadro.com Hours © 2019 Andrew Hadro | Archived Site 