Home Home Info Back Membership Information Auditions Back Brass Back Brass Manual Color Guard Percussion Back Downloads Visual Calendar Contact Us! "It feels like a family" - Jason J. At ALLIANCE, we encourage an all-inclusive environment for learning and performing where people of all ages can enjoy the experience! Do you have what it takes to be an ALLIANCE member? Come to one of our rehearsals and find out! What others are saying Clayton ALLIANCE was where I got my start in Drum Corps. The staff there is amazing and provided the knowledge and experience to prepare me to try out for my dream corps! - Clayton Finlayson Onye My time at ALLIANCE helped me achieve my goals of marching DCI. The success I've been lucky to experience in my four years at the Bluecoats is a direct result of the time I spent developing and honing my craft at ALLIANCE. - Onye Eme-Akwari Davies I've learned numerous things from Alliance, but something that'll stay with me is true hard work. My 2016 season taught me to not give up and that you can get what you want if you work hard enough for it. - Alexandra Davies Founded in 2004 and fielding a Class-A corps (65 performing members or less) in the Summer of 2005,  ALLIANCE  placed 3rd in their inaugural season at the DCA World Championships in Scranton, PA.  In 2008, ALLIANCE was crowned DCA Class-A World Champion and moved into the Open Class Division the following season, placing 8th and claiming the DCA South Open Class Championship.  ALLIANCE placed 7th in Open Class competition in 2010 and 2011, while retaining the DCA South championship title. As we are a DCA and DCI All-Age division corps, we accept experienced members of all ages via an audition process during the Winter months. Our mission is simple - to educate musicians and performers of all ages, to build character through hard work and commitment, and to entertain our audiences wherever we perform. ALLIANCE is a 501(C)(3) not for profit organization, incorporated in the State of Georgia, and is a member of the Georgia Music Educators Association (GMEA). Frequently Asked Questions How do I join? The best way to join is to attend one of our rehearsals, which is typically two weekends a month during the first half of the season from January to June. This gives the prospective member an opportunity to experience a typical rehearsal weekend and to meet others involved in the corps. How much will this cost? Performing in ALLIANCE is very affordable. In fact, your financial commitment would be anywhere from half to a third as much as any DCI World Class corps and even most Open Class corps! We offer a flexible payment schedule while also offering methods to fundraise for your annual fees. Facebook © 2004 - 2018 ALLIANCE Drum & Bugle Corps, Inc. 