Welcome | Mike Iverson Start container Mike Iverson Music, clawhammer banjo, and more... Music, clawhammer banjo, and more... Welcome Mike's Music Mike Iverson - Musician Upcoming Shows Biography Former Bands Links Private Lessons Blue Sage Clawhammer Banjo Progressive Clawhammer Banjo Blog Clawhammer Banjo Tabs Clawhammer Q & A Michael Miles John Balch Mark Johnson Ken Perlman Mike Iverson Clawhammer Christmas Contact Insert BannerZest code below (or whatever slideshow code you are using. Do no use ExtraContent Area 3 when placing code here. Start main content wrapper Start content Welcome to my world... If you are looking for folk-singer and banjoist, Mike Iverson, you’ve come to the right place. If you are looking for a place to explore progressive clawhammer banjo, you’ve also come to the right place! Start Video Plus stack template play1 thex Created with Sketch. End Video Plus stack template Years ago when I first published this website, I wanted it to be more than just another band site; I wanted a place where I could explore the passion I feel for my music and how, in turn, that passion has helped shape my life! With this in mind, I wrote: “My hope is that this will be much more than just a blog, although it will be that too. I'll be including reviews, interviews, essays, photos, videos, information about my solo and band projects, and anything else that strikes my fancy. I've also reserved a special section to help promote "progressive" clawhammer banjo and to familiarize readers with the players who are at the forefront of this movement; I'm VERY excited about this.” My blog died when the “social media” craze took off. I directed most of my activism (political, environmental, civil rights, etc.) to my Facebook page and only the banjo blog remains. On other hand, my promotion of “Progressive Clawhammer Banjo” far exceeded all my expectations! This term is now a permanent part of the banjo lexicon and there are now thousands of banjoists using clawhammer banjo in genres of music other than just “old-time”. How does clawhammer banjo sound on one of the biggest hits of the 70s? Pretty good… Start Video Plus stack template play1 thex Created with Sketch. End Video Plus stack template Take advantage of the resources available here to familiarize yourself with the artists most responsible for this “progressive clawhammer” movement. If you are a banjoist, make sure you also take advantage of the teaching tools found here (starting with the massive amount of banjo related information available here: Banjo Illuminations ). About the same time I was exploring "new-grass" with Blue Sage, I felt the need to push my clawhammer horizons by reaching out to progressive minded musicians in other genres. I eventually found a few who were willing to see what would happen if they collaborated with a clawhammer banjo player! One of these was the mega-talented finger-style guitarist, Austin Weyand. Over the past few years, I've work with Austin on many projects (including short stints in his band) where we explored jazz, blues, ethnic, and classical music; not to mention Austin's brilliant, but extremely difficult, original compositions. My favorite was our adaptation of "Concerning Hobbits" from the Lord Of The Rings movies. Start Video Plus stack template play1 thex Created with Sketch. End Video Plus stack template I love playing around with different genres and feel those who visit this site will be coming from very diverse musical backgrounds. I fully expect to hear from cowboy singers, bluegrass pickers, and singer-songwriters; as well as from rock, jazz, classical and country musicians. Always remember that you don't have to be on stage to create music as magic can occur while playing acoustically in your own living room! In this case, the fact that we were covering an iconic song from one of the all time great rock bands certainly helped… Start Video Plus stack template play1 thex Created with Sketch. End Video Plus stack template Whatever your background, I hope you are inspired to seek out musicians whom you might otherwise have never heard or interacted with… Mike Iverson Busking Donations: If you have enjoyed a public street concert of mine and would like to leave a little something to show your support of local artists, you can leave a tip (and maybe a note) through my PayPal account… End content End main content wrapper Welcome Mike's Music Mike Iverson - Musician Upcoming Shows Biography Former Bands Links Private Lessons Blue Sage Clawhammer Banjo Progressive Clawhammer Banjo Blog Clawhammer Banjo Tabs Clawhammer Q & A Michael Miles John Balch Mark Johnson Ken Perlman Mike Iverson Clawhammer Christmas Contact If you are viewing this on a phone, position it horizontally to navigate. • Calendar: our upcoming shows • Subscribe to Mike's mailing list to keep updated on concerts and clawhammer banjo instruction • Hire Mike or the Blue Sage Band for concerts, parties, workshops, or corporate events. • Watch Mike and his band perform on YouTube • A Clawhammer Christmas: Banjo book for the holidays • Download or purchase CD: Blue Sage - Live At The Junction Theater • Arrange for private lessons or a personal workshop • Donations: For street performances or in support Mike's clawhammer instruction. sidebar content you enter in the page inspector sidebar content such as the blog archive links Start the breadcrumb wrapper End breadcrumb Start Footer © 2011 MIKEL IVERSON Email Mike End Footer End container [if lte IE 8]> <style type="text/css"> #mainContentWrapper, #menu ul li.ddarrow span.childIndicator, #ec6Wrapper, #breadcrumbContainer ul, #footer .footerText, blockquote, .standout, .blog-entry-date, .blog-entry-tags { position: relative; behavior: url(rw_common/themes/flexture/scripts/PIE.htc); } #visitorInteractionPanel #adjustWidth { display: none; } </style> <![endif] [if lte IE 7]><script type="text/javascript" src="rw_common/themes/flexture/scripts/ie7.js"></script><![endif] 