Blazin' In Beauly Home Tutors Getting There Timetable Gallery Book Now! Contact Dots etc Sessions 14th-18th October 2019 Home Tutors Getting There Timetable Gallery Book Now! Contact Dots etc Sessions this element is only here to fix an IE11 flexbox bug. see css for details. note it's up to the template designer to choose which icon (if any) they want to use temporary: so site_wide_my_sites show up in pages tab of controlpanel Welcome The Blazin’ Fiddles Experience Beauly:  Fiddle Town of Scotland Monday 14th-Friday 18th October 2019         Tickets on sale Thursday 31st January at 6pm! Thank you for stopping by to check out Blazin in Beauly 2019!      Since 2001, Blazin’ Fiddles have hosted a wonderful week of tuition, concerts, ceilidhs and craic, welcoming thousands of folk to the little town of Beauly in the Highlands of Scotland. A short drive from Inverness, Beauly is a gem of a place, a truly welcoming town where everyone is part of the community. The classes take place all over the town; The Phipps Hall, Morison’s Iron Mongers, The Caley Hotel, The British Legion and of course The Lovat Hotel – Blazers head quarters for the week and also home to fiddles, guitar and piano classes, delivered by none other than team Blazin’ Fiddles and our fabulous guest tutors!  Fiddle tutors Troy MacGillivray -  Nova Scotia's Troy MacGillivray has a musical prowess that can be attributed to an especially rare combination of commitment and bloodline. From a young age, Troy was impressing audiences with his fiddle, piano and step dancing, skills, and we are delighted to be welcoming him to beauty this year! Hannah  Rarity - by popular demand, we are delighted to have Hannah back with us this year for her afternoon Song workshops Live Concerts Our live concerts are a huge part of the week and bring everyone together for a much needed night of enjoying some of the most fantastic musicians and singers. Sessions The Lovat Hotel is a great place for session and an afternoon cup of tea - or whatever takes your fancy. The local Deli on the Square is a high point of each day – delicious lunches!  Of course there are many more shops and food outlets that will keep you more than satisfied!     We'd like to take this opportunity to thank our long standing friends, Donald Fraser at Morison's Iron Mongers, Jackie and the team at the Corner on the Square. 