City Kids Music - Welcome form stripped manually to allow inside forms City Kids Music menu About Us   Classes   Register   Gallery   Contact Us   Calendar   FAQ Teachers Demo Scheduler Make-up Scheduler Locations Class Description Quotes Tell a Friend /menu Hello, Everybody and Welcome!!! Did you know that all children are musical? Have you ever wondered what you can do to nurture the musical growth of your child, regardless of your own musical ability? Experience Music Together and find out how important--and how fun--your role can be! Our Music Together classes build on your child's natural enthusiasm for music and movement. We'll help you provide your child with the basic musical skills needed to enjoy school and social musical activities, and to study an instrument should he or she choose to do so. Music Together ® began in 1987 as an educational project of the Center for Music and Young Children¨ of Princeton, NJ. The program, which is designed for children birth (yes, birth!) to four years, is based on the premise that all children are musical and have the same innate ability to learn music as language. At Music Together we believe that music ability is as much a basic life skill as walking and talking and that all children can learn to sing in tune, keep a beat, and participate with pleasure and confidence in the music of their culture. We nurture the child's natural enthusiasm for music and movement as we sing, dance, chant, and play instruments in an informal setting that will enrich their musical environment and guide them towards a lifetime of music making enjoyment. City Kids Music has been a part of the Washington Heights community since 1997. We are extremely grateful to be in such thriving neighborhoods with so many families that are enthusiastic about music, family and fun!   City Kids Music 95 Cabrini Blvd. 2G New York, New York 10033  Copyright 2018 City Kids Music. All rights reserved. Music Together art & logo design © 1992-2019 Music Together LLC. Music Together is a registered trademark. City Kids Music, LLC is licensed by Music Together LLC. For more locations: www.musictogether.com Hosting and online registration services provided by Main Street Sites 