Eliot Fisk | Guitar Virtuoso Eliot Fisk Guitar Virtuoso Home News Biography Concerts Shop Gallery Videos Teaching Contact Recording Shop Visit the new CD shop to order signed copies of Eliot's CDs! Eliot’s Mailing List Sign-up today to get concert invitations, exclusive CD offers and free mp3s. BMOP Masters Moderns BMOP Masters Moderns by Carl Straussner   Seeking to “restore a widening disconnect between contemporary audiences and contemporary music” since 1996, Boston Modern Orchestra Project has flourished. Its progressive, vibrant and fresh concerts we witnessed Saturday evening in New England Conservatory’s Jordan Hall celebrated of modern master John Corigliano, whose work has earned him 5 Grammys, the Grawemeyer […] Read more » Sébastien Llinares presents Eliot Fisk in Radio France Eliot Fisk, Musique américaine   Click here to listen the Interview and read more about Guitare, guitares in Radio France  Générique : Isaac Albeniz, Cadiz Rafael Andia, guitare “Pages célèbres ou inconnues” Mandala MAN 5030 ►  Programmation musicale George Rochberg, Notre Dame Blues Eliot Fisk (1954 -), guitare “The Red Guitar” Wildner Records KWV 28206 Georg Rochberg, American Bouquet : My Heart […] Read more » Boston GuitarFest XIII: The Improvisatory Spirit The summer of 2018 marks the 13th anniversary of Boston GuitarFest, with the theme “The Improvisatory Spirit,” seeking to display and liberate the improvisatory spirit that must be in all of us. Boston GuitarFest is the dream of visionary guitar virtuoso and Artistic Director Eliot Fisk, and is cosponsored by New England Conservatory and Northeastern […] Read more » Eliot Fisk at the legendary Accademia Chigiana in Siena, Italy On August 24, Eliot realized a long cherished dream playing his transcriptions of all 6 Bach Suites for solo cello in 2 back to back concerts at the legendary Accademia Chigiana in Siena, Italy. He also taught a short seminar for a select group of superb students. The Accademia Chigiana is holy ground for guitarists. […] Read more » Announcing the long awaited Premiere Recording of The Legendary Robert Beaser Guitar Concerto   Conducting legend José Serebrier, together with the Royal Scottish National Orchestra, performs the premiere recording of four works by contemporary American composer, Robert Beaser. Two of the works, Notes on a Southern Sky and the Guitar Concerto, were written for guitar virtuoso Eliot Fisk, a noted pupil of Andrés Segovia, who performed the concerto […] Read more » Accolades for Eliot Fisk and the Arditti Quartet on tour with premiere performances of Hilda Paredes’ monumentally challenging work SON DEMENTES CUERDAS. A stretch for Ensemble Music Society: Arditti Quartet plays works from the past three decades by Jay Harvey – Thursday, March 30, 2017 The Big Bang Theory applied to the string quartet would probably identify the triggering event as the works of Joseph Haydn. Without pressing the analogy too hard, the music offered Wednesday evening […] Read more » Popular Posts Two New Albums Released Wildner Records releases “The Red Guitar” and “Ein kleines Req... Announcing the first ever SALZBURG GUITAR FEST May 24 – 27, 2017   Building on the tremendous success of Boston Guitar Fest (which this year... Eliot Fisk interrogé par Sébastien Llinares Eliot Fisk ou le monde dans une guitare Eliot Fisk. Photo © Keitaro Yoshioka La... Boston GuitarFest Past, Present and Future Boston GuitarFest Past, Present and Future By Eliot Fisk I founded Boston Guitar... New upcoming commissioning project Eliot returns to Colorado to work with his lifelong friend Bruce Adolphe in the... Topics of Interest Andres Segovia Bill Frisell Corigliano Cristobal Halffter Enrique Granados Fernando Sor Finlandesa Francesco Tarrega George Rochberg Gilels Grand Cross of Isabel la Cátolica Heifetz Horowitz Isaac Stern Joaquin Rodrigo John Corigliano Kurt Schwertsik Luciano Berio Ludovico Roncalli Malmsteen Manuel Ponce Mario Castelnuovo-Tedesco NPR Oistrakh onPoint Paganini Rachmaninoff Ralph Kirkpatrick Relly Raffman Ricci Robert Beaser Rostropovich Rubenstein Rudolph Serkin Tom ashbrook Wanda Landowska Wildner Records Eliot on Twitter Contact Eliot’s Team Your message was successfully sent. Thank You! Name * Email * Submit Copyright © 2011 Eliot Fisk. All Rights Reserved Home News Concerts Shop Contact ngg_resource_manager_marker 