Floyd Domino Piano Player Austin Texas Music, Roots Music, Swing, Jazz, More        You Tube - Oh! You Pretty Woman, Willie and the Wheel with Floyd at the keyboard. Little Red Wagon Home on the Electric Range Pork Ribs Skylark      Floyd Domino keyboards for Asleep at the Wheel                                                       “Here's one of the best piano players you'll ever get to hear!" Kind words from the late, great Don Walser   Floyd Domino's dazzling boogie-woogie piano styling is known to audiences around the world earning him acclaim and awards for over 3 decades. Floyd Domino brought home his Best Keyboards Award this April to keep company with the two Grammy Awards won for featured work with Asleep at the Wheel. While Floyd is widely recognized for his years with Asleep at the Wheel and the revival of Western Swing, Floyd began his career with a broad grounding in jazz, boogie woogie, swing and blues piano. Floyd's sparkling keyboards and versalitlity make him the choice of swing, jazz and blues musicians well beyond his Austin, Texas home. In addition to Asleep at the Wheel, Floyd has recorded            "In Texas, where the guitar is the official instrument, pianist Floyd Domino regularly manages to cause jaws to drop when he ruffles the keys." San Antonio Express-News and performed with Merle Haggard, George Strait (5 albums), The Texas Playboys, Waylon Jennings, jazz guitarist Herb Ellis, Kelly Willis, Bruce Robison, Monte Warden, Don Walser and the Crickets to name a few. Over and above his numerous awards Austin-based Floyd Domino has played at the Kennedy Center, Inaugural events and has even been heard in outer space by way of George Strait's #1 hit, "Ace In The Hole", beamed up to the crew of the space shuttle Columbia in a wake-up call. In between his touring, recording and major performances, Floyd plays clubs, parties and private   events. He often adds his talents to further Roots Music appreciation with appearances at schools, camps and other learning organizations. Few can match Floyd's "backstage" view of the American music landscape. NEW A native of California, Floyd Domino was introduced to Western Swing by way of the musicians who had migrated from Texas and Oklahoma in the 30's and 40's. Floyd's close association with Western Swing coincided with joining Asleep at the Wheel at age 19. Floyd has released six albums of his own. Among them are Hightower Boogie Woogie and five others for children: Baby Road, The White Album, The Four Tots, Peggy Sue with Buddy Holly's Original Crickets, and Sleepy In Seattle.   design by damnedcomputer.com                 Copyright © 2019-2012 Floyd Domino Join Floyd's mailing list Begin MailChimp Signup Form End mc_embed_signup "Like me, Floyd plays from the heart, it's real and I can hear it in every note he plays. " Legendary pianist Floyd Cramer 