George Browns | T. 01525 372062 E. info@georgebrowns.co.uk The UK's Largest Kubota Agricultural & Groundcare Dealer Home About Us Branches & Opening Times Leighton Buzzard Grovebury Road Leighton Buzzard Bedfordshire LU7 4UX Main Phone 01525 372062 Hire Available Get Directions Haddenham Thame Road Haddenham Buckinghamshire HP17 8BY Main Phone 01844 292000   Get Directions Buckingham Gawcott Hill Buckingham Buckinghamshire MK18 1DR Main Phone 01280 812035   Get Directions Chesham Vale Road Chesham Buckinghamshire HP5 3NZ Main Phone 01494 782334   Get Directions Daventry Browns Road Daventry Northamptonshire NN11 4NS Main Phone 01327 702200   Get Directions Great Dunmow 19 Oak Industrial Park Great Dunmow Essex CM6 1XN Main Phone 01371 874006   Get Directions Find Your Nearest Branch Service Offers Vacancies Contact Machinery Hire Agriculture Machinery Groundcare Machinery Garden Machinery Agriculture Groundcare Garden Hire Used Machinery Used Agricultural Machinery Browse through our selection of pre-owned agricultural vehicles and equipment for sale. Browse Used Garden & Groundcare See our selection of pre-owned garden and professional groundcare and equipment available for purchase. Browse Manufacturing Angling AWARD WINNING SERVICE SEE MORE Unbeatable mowing cashback Unmissable CLAIM UP TO £300 CASH BACK ends 31st July 2019 G T1880 Z122R series Diesel Lawn Tractors Petrol Lawn Tractors Zero Turn Mowers £27.23 £18.93 £19.39 from from from a week a week a week Demonstrations & part exchanges available upon request T&C apply - finance subject to status - 2 + 58 monthly payments CORDLESS POWER Made By STIHL Whether you’re a hobby gardener or a professional, STIHL offers the right cordless tool for everyone. STIHL’s COMPACT cordless power system with four powerful tools and two batteries is the perfect solution for garden owner and domestic users alike. STIHL’s PRO cordless power system has even more power to get right down to work. batteries can be used in all tools. From Just £99 NEW for 2018 - STIHL CORDLESS LAWN MOWERS KUBOTA'S M7002 SERIES / OPTOMISED ENGINE TUNING / ECONOMICAL FUEL CONSUMPTION / NEW 6-SPEED POWERSHIFT TRANSMISSION BROWNS GROUNDCARE HIRE Professional Hire . . . for Professional People Turbine Blowers - PTO Blowers - Front Mount Blowers AgriMetal Blowers Professional Leaf & Debris Blower the models include UK Distributors for KUBOTA B1 & B2 series 16 to 31hp - The new B Series tractors take compact tractor capability to the next level with user-friendly operation and outstanding productivity. Equipped with high quality Kubota engines and transmissions, they deliver the extra durability and reliability you demand for a wide range of jobs. The optional deluxe integrated cab (B2 series) delivers spaciousness and an expanded field of vision for luxury that’s beyond their class. NEW ARBORIST CENTRE's Visit Us At Our Thame Road HADDENHAM Depot Gawcott Hill BUCKINGHAM Depot Wide range of products and machinery on display AMPLE FREE PARKING or Ask Your Local Branch for a copy of our GARDEN & GROUNDCARE MACHINERY GUIDE 2019/20 Agriculture As one of the UK’s leading agricultural machinery and equipment dealers, we've built a solid reputation from an excellent aftersales service, and a dedicated team offering a wide range of quality livestock, arable and grassland products. Find out more > Groundcare For the professional groundsman, local authority, or contractor, George Browns offer an outstanding range of professional groundcare machinery from versatile compact tractors to powerful large tractors, RTV utility vehicles to high performance ride-ons, cylinder and gang mowers. Find out more > Garden Whether it’s a garden lawn or extensive grounds, we offer a wide choice of garden machinery and equipment including consumer mowers, chainsaws, strimmers, blowers, shredders, hedgecutters and much more. See the range > Hire We are one of the largest Kubota and Hayter Dealers in the UK, built on a reputation of excellent after-sales service, please browse through our range of Groundcare Hire, Lawn Care Hire, Forestry Hire and Ex-Hire Equipment for Sale. Find out more > Used Machinery In addition to new equipment, George Browns also offers an extensive range of used machinery at any of our branches. Used machinery can be purchased or viewed subject to prior arrangement at any of our locations covering; Bedfordshire, Buckinghamshire, Essex, Oxfordshire, Northants, Hertfordshire & North London. See our current stock > Manufacturing As one of the UK’s leading agricultural machinery and equipment dealers, we've built a solid reputation from an excellent aftersales service, and a dedicated team offering a wide range of quality livestock, arable and grassland products. Visit our machinery site > Angling Browns Angling Online Carp & Fishing Tackle Shop Bedfordshire and Buckinghamshire based Browns Angling. Delivering to all of the U.K. Also serving Luton, Dunstable, Aylesbury, Bedford & Milton Keynes area in our walk-in stores. View Find Your Nearest Branch Contact Us George Browns are currently the UK’s top dealer for Toro / Hayter Commercial manufacturer of Ride on Rotary Mowers, Cylinder Mowers and Gang Mowers for golf courses, local authorities and contractors. George Browns are also the UK’s leading dealer for the Kubota range of Compact Tractors, Mid-Range Tractors, Large Tractors, Lawn Tractors, RTV Utility Vehicles and the Kubota range of accessories. George Browns are the UK’s sole distributer for the AgriMetal range of leaf & debris blowers ideal for golf fairways, sports grounds, parkways and country estate’s potentially cutting blowing time in half. The range of Agrimetal blowers include, 2 AgriMetal towed blowers – ideal for quad bikes & utility vehicles, 3 AgriMetal P.T.O driven blowers and 2 Agrimetal front mounted blowers for use with certain Kubota and John Deere out-front ride-ons. Agricultural Machinery: George Browns are Kubota Farm Tractor main dealers and supply Farm Machinery from most of the major manufacturers including Kuhn, Bomford, Browns, Warwick Trailers, Major and CAT Telehandlers. Our range of Garden Machinery includes: petrol lawn mowers, electric lawn mowers, ride-on mowers, Stiga out-front ride-on mowers, lawn tractors, Stihl strimmers & brushcutters, Stihl chainsaws, Viking cultivators, Stihl hedgecutters, Stihl pressure washers, Stihl long reach pruners etc. We are one of the leading UK dealers for Stihl, Viking, Mountfield, Stiga, Hayter and Toro consumer mowers. We have one of the largest stocks on show within all our depots. When you buy a new machine from us we will assemble and start it to ensure its ready for use. We will not sell you a machine in a box.   Branches in: Bedfordshire – Buckinghamshire – Northamptonshire – Essex George Browns Limited Head Office, Grovebury Road, Leighton Buzzard, Bedfordshire. LU7 4UX. UK Browns Sister Sites –  Aylesbury Honda , for quality new & used Honda Cars &  Aylesbury Nissan , for quality new & used Nissan Cars. Follow us on 