Home - Herrmann Ultrasonics Google Tag Manager (noscript) End Google Tag Manager (noscript) TYPO3SEARCH_end disturber sideboxes Contact +1 (630) 626-1626 info@herrmannultrasonics.com Ultrasonic-seminars Secure your spot now! Go to seminar overview HR management Contact Theresa Cooper +1 (630) 626-1629 jobs@herrmannultrasonics.com Branches AUTOMOTIVE FOOD HYGIENE MEDICAL ELECTRONICS BATTERY CONSUMER AUTOMATION Products Ultrasonic welding machines Ultrasonic welding systems Ultrasonic components Ultrasonic packaging technology Continuous ultrasonics Ultrasonic Engineering Contact & consulting Ultrasonic labs Technical project design Trainings, seminars Service & support Customer Feedback Info Center Downloads Newsroom Trade shows Partners & associations FAQs Data transfer + web meeting Company Career & education Philosophy Facts & figures History Locations & contact Quality management Ultrasonic Welding Basics Ultrasonic basics Welding of plastics Ultrasonic sealing Laminating of nonwoven materials Contact Locations Jobs Press Trade shows USA - English Global - Deutsch English Brazil - Português China - 中文 English France - Français Italy - Italiano Japan - 日本語 Spain - Español USA - English       Header Herrmann Ultrasonics, Inc. 1261 Hardt Circle • 60103 Bartlett , IL • USA Phone: +1 (630) 626 1626 • Fax: +1 (630) 736-7514 info@herrmannultrasonics.com USA - English Global - Deutsch English Brazil - Português China - 中文 English France - Français Italy - Italiano Japan - 日本語 Spain - Español USA - English Contact Locations Jobs Press Trade shows Branches AUTOMOTIVE Automotive industry applications. Ultrasonic welding is well suited for a large number of automotive components, where high part counts and appropriate strength are required. These include many parts made of thermoplastic materials for interior and exterior applications, and engine compartments, but also of nonferrous metals for cable harnesses and lithium-ion batteries: High-strength and fast Dimensionally accurate Impeccable visual appearance More on the industry   FOOD Packaging industry applications. Food is better protected by good packaging and kept fresh longer which is more sustainable. Ultrasonic sealing technology has become an established and economic alternative of heat sealing: Absolutely tight seals  High output  Monitoring of seal quality  More on the industry   HYGIENE Hygiene industry applications. Laminating without the use of adhesives and embossing without the use of heat? The absolutely clean ultrasonic technology for nonwovens makes this possible. Materials are joined by means of locally limited heat generation: Skin-friendly Fast  Soft and yet stable  More on the industry   MEDICAL Medical industry applications. Ultrasonic welding ensures maintained functionality of the components and provides continuous process monitoring unrivaled by other processes. Up to 130 different process reference data are available and can be visualized:  Stable weld process Validated Traceable   More on the industry   ELECTRONICS Electronic industry applications Sensors and electrical components are not only used in industrial manufacturing but also in automation engineering or in daily use. Ultrasonic welding is particularly suitable for their production and complies with product requirements, such as: High strength Reliable functionality of components 100% tightness More on the industry   BATTERY Battery industry applications. Nowadays, the requirements of battery products have become increasingly diverse and complex: In addition to precision, strength, and minimum particle formation, process validation and traceability are equally important quality criteria. Ultrasonic welding qualifies as the best suitable joining technology: High strength Process visualization Long-term process stability More on the industry   CONSUMER Consumer industry applications Using ultrasonics, consumer components can be produced and joined in a cost-effective way; at the same time, the process provides great flexibility in terms of design. High requirements for visual appearance, production speed, or geometry are met. Light-weight and robust 100% tightness Mark-free surfaces More on the industry   AUTOMATION Solutions for the automations industry. The demand of the production industry for complex and efficient automatic systems is constantly increasing. Herrmann Ultrasonics therefore offers a wide range of solutions for integration of ultrasonic systems and components. Ultrasonic systems for automatic systems Ultrasonic components for special-type welding machines Ultrasonic solutions for robot cells More on the industry   Industrial ultrasonics. Ever-present. Did you know? A large number of every-day products are welded using ultrasonics. Our technology is used in many different industries to permanently bond plastic materials and nonferrous metals.   Products Ultrasonic welding machines The HiQ series machines. Developed for your advantage. This machine series allows for complex ultrasonic joining of injection molded plastic parts and nonferrous metals. Thanks to intelligent software and variant diversity, the ultrasonic welding machines can be specifically configured to your demands: Precision Diversity Efficiency Click here for product overview   Ultrasonic welding systems The weld systems. For easy system integration. Complete system with functional units for mechanical engineering, modular and easy to commission. Robust and reliable in continuous operation Configurable for the application Weld process control for optimal results Click here for product overview   Ultrasonic components Sonotrodes and converters. Proved Herrmann quality. Our experts develop the acoustic weld tools by means of innovative calculation methods and state-of-the-art measuring technology. Every sonotrode is designed, calculated and carefully documented according to customer requirements: Maximum efficiency Even distribution of the weld amplitude High degree of stability Click here for product overview   Ultrasonic packaging technology Application solutions. Sealing with ultrasonics. The ultrasonic modules are provided in a flexible modular system and allow for easy integration into packaging machines. State-of-the-art measuring and control technology safely detects any process faults:   Modularity, compact types Reduction of quality assurance costs Reliable sealing quality  Click here for product overview   Continuous ultrasonics High-speed bonding systems. Continuous ultrasonics. Ultrasonic systems and modules for continuous joining of nonwovens and web material operate economically, with low wear, and without adhesives. Crucial advantages over conventional thermal processes: High process speed User friendly Consistent weld quality Click here for product overview   First class technology. In ultrasonic welding. As far as joining of thermoplastic materials and nonferrous metals is concerned, Herrmann Ultraschall is the first point of call. We provide comprehensive solutions for your welding and joining tasks - made in Germany.     Ultrasonic Engineering Contact & consulting Personal and professional.   We are here to help. Direct contact is important to us because we want to hear from you and offer our expertise. Let's talk business! Click here for contact   Ultrasonic labs Testing and optimizing. Check it out. State-of-the-art ultrasonic welding machines and most recent measuring and testing equipment in our laboratories worldwide.  Click here for ultrasonic labs   Technical project design Implementing solutions. For your project success. Experienced ultrasonic engineers develop the perfect concept for your customized requirements and special integration tasks. Click here for technical project management   Trainings, seminars Technical knowledge. Valuable and compact. Our workshops range from basics seminars to in-depth expert knowledge, and always provide practical orientation.  Click here for seminars / trainings   Service & support Service and maintenance. Everything from one source. We supply you with a full-service package, including short response times. To ensure your production is running smoothly. Click here for service   Customer Feedback Why use ultrasonic welding? Customer statements. What were the determining factors for ultrasonics? Feedback from users. Read more Continuous support. By the ultrasonic specialists. Benefit from our experience and get the best consulting; from basic applications, to process optimization and complex integration concepts. Customer benefits are always our paramount goal.   Info Center Downloads Download now. All PDF files at a glance. Industry-specific ultrasonic solutions, Herrmann products and profound expertise of ultrasonic technology – all brochures and publications. to the downloads Newsroom Print media and more. Fresh from the press. News from the company, press releases, images, and logos - compiled for you. Click here for the news room   Trade shows Show case. For innovation. Trade shows are a platform for direct exchange – we show you our latest developments and state-of-the art technology. Worldwide. Click here for trade shows   Partners & associations Partnerships. Our way to cooperate. Our good contacts with universities and associations yield valuable impulses. Partners & associations   FAQs More Information. Get it here. Find here the answers to most frequently asked questions. FAQs   Data transfer + web meeting Exchange. Our platforms. Data exchange and virtual meeting room. read more   Content and dates. Interesting information for you. Find the latest press releases, videos and trade show updates, as well as up-to-date images and interesting graphics. Moreover, all brochures, technical infos, and contact forms are provided for download.   Company Career & education Your perspective. Rely on us. It is always the people who make the difference in a company. We are looking forward to your application. Unsolicited applications are welcome. Education & career   Philosophy Our values. This is what matters to us. Together we have developed common principles that are supported by all of us. Click here for our philosophy   Facts & figures Good to know. At a glance. Summary of the most important facts. Click here for facts & figures   History Retrospective. Beginnings and milestones. How it started: from small business to medium-sized company in the high-tech sector. More   Locations & contact Our locations. Short distances. The map shows you how to reach us quickly. Benefit from our local machine and service portfolios. Contact & locations   Quality management Quality management. Efficient and performance-oriented. At Herrmann, optimization means to focus on continuous and long-term improvements: in manufacturing, for process sequences, in service, in education or with regard to partnerships. Click here for quality management   Global identity. A strong team. Numerous patents confirm our position as market leader. Financial independence provides a solid foundation. But it is always the people who are most important. Only together can we move forward and set new milestones.   Ultrasonic Welding Basics Ultrasonic basics Understanding the technology. Six steps for more knowledge. We explain, the physical mechanism of the ultrasonic technology, which components are required, and which variables are most influential. Click here for ultrasonic basics   Welding of plastics Thermoplastic materials. Welding using ultrasonics. More basic knowledge on ultrasonic welding of plastics and examples for joint designs are available here. Click here for welding of plastics   Ultrasonic sealing Packaging materials and films Sealing with ultrasonics. More basic knowledge on ultrasonic sealing of packaging and examples for applications. Click here for sealing of packaging materials   Laminating of nonwoven materials Nonwoven materials and web materials. Laminating/embossing with ultrasonics. More basic knowledge on ultrasonic laminating of nonwoven materials and web materials and examples for applications. Click here for laminating of nonwoven materials   Basic principles for ultrasonics. The basics and more. Industrial ultrasonics is an acoustic principle. Vibrations are turned into heat and thus the plastic material melts, which results in a homogeneous joint. Metals are joined through molecular bonding caused by the vibration. Let us explain the principles in detail and show you the large number of fascinating application options. USA - English Global - Deutsch English Brazil - Português China - 中文 English France - Français Italy - Italiano Japan - 日本語 Spain - Español USA - English search       /Header slideshow MT_Header Container Ultrasonic welding Plastics Packaging Nonwovens Metal Ultrasonic welding means joining without adhesives, screws or heat from an outside source. During this process, material is strategically melted by means of ultrasonic vibrations so that a cohesive or form-fit joint is produced. As economic production method with short cycle times, ultrasonic welding ensures a large degree of process control and repeatable quality results. Click here for industries Pack Expo, Las Vegas, NV, USA 09/23/2019 more TOP NEWS Social and green IT The goal: Creating 500 jobs for people with disabilities and cultivating... more go to newsroom Jobs and education Start your career at Herrmann Ultrasonics. Apply now more /Container Branch selection Automotive Food Hygiene Medical Electronics BATTERY Consumer Automation Automotive industry applications A car is composed of far more than 10,000 individual parts, many of which are made of thermoplastic materials. Ultrasonic welding qualifies as the best suitable joining technology for scenarios with large production numbers of components: High-strength and fast Dimensionally accurate Impeccable visual appearance   More about this industry Advice & service Welding of plastics We provide practical tips on welding using ultrasonic technology: Tool shapes, joint designs, and illustrative examples. More on the technology Ultrasonic laboratory plastics The laboratory team provides support during every phase of your project This includes component design, sample welds, and determining of parameters. Click here for ultrasonic lab Consulting – preliminary discussion Would you like to contact us? That’s very simple: Click on consulting and choose your preferred way of contact. Click here for consulting Packaging industry applications Food is better protected by good packaging and kept fresh longer which is more sustainable. Ultrasonic sealing technology has become an established and economic alternative of heat sealing. Absolutely tight seals  High output  Monitoring of seal quality    More about this industry Advice & service Sealing of packaging materials Practice-oriented advice - more on active energy focusing or tooling profiles, melting studies and illustrative examples. More on the technology Ultrasonic laboratory packaging The laboratory team provides support during every phase of your project. This includes material analysis, sample welds, and determining of parameters. Click here for ultrasonic lab Consulting – preliminary discussion Would you like to contact us? That’s very simple: Click on consulting and choose your preferred way of contact. Click here for consulting Hygiene industry  applications Laminating without the use of adhesives and embossing without the use of heat? The absolutely clean ultrasonic technology for nonwovens makes this possible. Materials are joined by means of locally limited heat generation Skin-friendly Fast  Soft and yet stable    More about this industry Advice & service Laminating of nonwoven material Practice-oriented advice – more on active energy focusing through drum and anvil profiles, GAP-Control and illustrative examples. More on the technology Ultrasonic laboratory nonwovens The laboratory team provides support during every phase of your project This includes material analysis, sample welds, and determining of parameters. Click here for ultrasonic lab Consulting – preliminary discussion Would you like to contact us? That’s very simple: Click on consulting and choose your preferred way of contact. Click here for consulting Medical industry applications Ultrasonic welding ensures maintained functionality of the components and provides continuous process monitoring unrivaled by other processes. Up to 130 different process reference data are available and can be visualized:  Stable weld process Validated Traceable   More about this industry Advice & service Welding of plastics We provide practical tips on welding using ultrasonics: Tool shapes, joint designs, and illustrative examples. More on the technology Ultrasonic laboratory plastics The laboratory team provides support during every phase of your project This includes component design, sample welds, and determining of parameters. Click here for ultrasonic lab Consulting – preliminary discussion Would you like to contact us? That’s very simple: Click on consulting and choose your preferred way of contact. Click here for consulting Electronic industry applications. Sensors and electrical components are not only used in industrial manufacturing but also in automation engineering or in daily use. Ultrasonic welding is particularly suitable for their production and complies with product requirements, such as: High strength Reliable functionality of components 100% tightness   More about this industry Advice & service Welding of plastics We provide practical tips on welding using ultrasonic technology: Tool shapes, joint designs, and illustrative examples. More on the technology Ultrasonic laboratory plastics The laboratory team provides support during every phase of your project This includes component design, sample welds, and determining of parameters. Click here for ultrasonic lab Consulting – preliminary discussion Would you like to contact us? That’s very simple: Click on consulting and choose your preferred way of contact. Click here for consulting Battery industry applications Nowadays, the requirements of battery products have become increasingly diverse and complex. In addition to precision, strength, and minimum particle formation, process validation and traceability are equally important quality criteria. Ultrasonic welding qualifies as the best suitable joining technology: High strength Process visualization Long-term process stability More about this industry Advice & service Welding of plastics We provide practical tips on welding using ultrasonic technology: Tool shapes, joint designs, and illustrative examples. more Ultrasonic laboratory plastics The laboratory team provides support during every phase of your project. This includes component design, sample welds, and determining of parameters. more Consulting – preliminary discussion Would you like to contact us? That's very simpl: Click on consulting and choose your preferred way of contact. more Consumer industry applications. Using ultrasonics, consumer components can be produced and joined in a cost-effective way; at the same time, the process provides great flexibility in terms of design. High requirements for visual appearance, production speed, or geometry are met. Light-weight and robust 100% tightness Mark-free surfaces   More about this industry Advice & service Welding of plastics We provide practical tips on welding using ultrasonic technology: Tool shapes, joint designs, and illustrative examples. More on the technology Ultrasonic laboratory plastics The laboratory team provides support during every phase of your project This includes component design, sample welds, and determining of parameters. Click here for ultrasonic lab Consulting – preliminary discussion Would you like to contact us? That’s very simple: Click on consulting and choose your preferred way of contact. Click here for consulting Solutions for the automations industry. The demand of the production industry for complex and efficient automatic systems is constantly increasing. Herrmann Ultraschall therefore offers a wide range of solutions for integration of ultrasonic systems and components. Ultrasonic systems for automatic systems Ultrasonic components for special-type welding machines Ultrasonic solutions for robot cells   More about this industry Advice & service Welding of plastics We provide practical tips on welding using ultrasonic technology: Tool shapes, joint designs, and illustrative examples. More on the technology Ultrasonic laboratory plastics The laboratory team provides support during every phase of your project This includes component design, sample welds, and determining of parameters. Click here for ultrasonic lab Consulting – preliminary discussion Would you like to contact us? That’s very simple: Click on consulting and choose your preferred way of contact. Click here for consulting More about Herrmann Ultrasonics Discovering ultrasonics with Guido: How does ultrasonics really work? How and why does it work? And what does it take? Guido Marschall of Plas.TV visited Thomas Fischer in the application laboratory of Herrmann Ultraschall to get a more precise explanation on how ultrasonic welding works. Ultrasonics can do "Industrie 4.0" Understand more about “Industrie 4.0” when looking at the newly developed ultrasonic generator by Herrmann Ultraschall. The generator is the heart beat of the ultrasonic welding process answerable for repeatability and precision. Complex control algorithms and interfaces ensure an intelligent and sensible interaction with the production environment for perfect weld results. Ultrasonic Welding Technology with Functional Integration This trend cannot be overlooked: Companies who weld thermoplastic parts using ultrasonics are increasingly inquiring about the integration of additional upstream and downstream processes that are combined in the control system of one single ultrasonic welding machine. Ultrasonic sealing system in Bosch flowwrapper The use of patented ultrasonic sealing technology helps to achieve significant material and energy savings. The gentle ultrasonic sealing process allows the use of thinner and less expensive packaging films because no additional hot sealing layer is needed in the film. Further, ultrasonic sealing produces narrower seals, which reduces the amount of material needed. Ultrasonic bonding, laminating - Nonwovens laboratory (Chicago) Herrmann Ultrasonics high-speed ultrasonic laboratory calender (ULC500) for nonwovens, textiles, films with speed up to 500m/min (1,600ft/min). Ultrasonic capabilities include lamination, attachment, embossing and perforating with standard anvil rolls available . Herrmann Ultrasonics, Inc. offers feasibility studies, small production runs and consultation services at our North American Headquarter location. / hidden content Footer Branches AUTOMOTIVE FOOD HYGIENE MEDICAL ELECTRONICS BATTERY CONSUMER AUTOMATION Products Ultrasonic welding machines Ultrasonic welding systems Ultrasonic components Ultrasonic packaging technology Continuous ultrasonics Ultrasonic Engineering Contact & consulting Ultrasonic labs Technical project design Trainings, seminars Service & support Customer Feedback Info Center Downloads Newsroom Trade shows Partners & associations FAQs Data transfer + web meeting Company Career & education Philosophy Facts & figures History Locations & contact Quality management Ultrasonic Welding Basics Ultrasonic basics Welding of plastics Ultrasonic sealing Laminating of nonwoven materials         © 2019 Herrmann Ultrasonics Privacy Imprint /Footer TYPO3SEARCH_begin WiredMinds eMetrics tracking with Enterprise Edition V5.9.2 START WiredMinds eMetrics tracking with Enterprise Edition V5.9.2 END 