High Pressure Systems - high pressure coolant,high volume coolant,high force coolant,variable volume, variable pressure coolant systems. high pressure coolant systems high volume coolant systems chip removal high force blaster coolant systems  high speed machining high velocity coolant systems high pressure coolant systems, high volume coolant systems, high force coolant systems, chip removal and blaster High Pressure Systems Co. A division of The Daniluk Corporation High pressure coolant and high volume coolant systems   -  The High Pressure Systems Co. is a full service company with the ability and experience to assist you with your high pressure and high volume coolant system needs. Our high pressure coolant systems can improve your productivity and lower your tooling costs by addressing three major areas - Heat, Chips and Lubricity.   Magnum Series System Specifications   Safety The most important detail at High Pressure Systems is safety. We know that nothing is more important to us and our customers. At High Pressure Systems safety is not an option, it comes standard on all HPS    units. All of our units have redundant safety systems and each and every safety system is tested on every unit. Service At HPS   we have the largest factory trained service group in the country. We have over 40 factory trained service technicians to support your system. Service is always just a phone call away. Heat One of the major causes of tool failure is heat. Normal flood coolant in many cases does not even get to the cutting edge. The temperature at the tool is often over 1000 degrees F.  High pressure coolant keeps the temperature lower at the cutting edge and  improves the cutting action of the tool.  Metal can be cut at much higher surface speeds improving productivity as well as lowering tooling cost. Chips Chips are another major cause of  broken and damaged tooling. Many materials make long, stringy chips that wrap around the tooling causing premature tooling failure. High pressure coolant helps to break chips by hitting the chips at  speeds up to several hundred miles per hour. This high force keeps the chips from falling back into the cut and prevents broken inserts caused by recutting chips. Drills usually  take a lot of abuse, but with high pressure coolant the chips are blown out of the hole giving you long predictable drill life. Lubricity Lubricity also plays an important role in metal cutting. Our high pressure coolant systems deliver the coolant between the cutting tool and the workpiece dramatically improving the lubrication, tool life and in many cases the surface finish.   High Pressure Coolant Systems Our high pressure and high volume coolant systems will help you solve problems with heat, chips and lubricity to effectively eliminate damage to your tooling and improve your productivity while reducing you tooling costs. This technology has been proven in many of the top  manufacturing companies in the world. We can help you implement this technology at your company. Give us a call and we can help you lower your tooling cost while you improve you productivity. We have helped other companies - let us help you. Company Profile The Daniluk Corporation has been in the machine tool rebuilding and retrofit business for over a decade. Our understanding of CNC machines and controls is unparalled in the high pressure industry today. With a staff of over 40 professionally trained technicians, we have the ability to adapt our systems to your machine tool whether it's old or new .   High Pressure Systems A Division of the Daniluk Corp 8200 SW 29th Oklahoma City, OK 73179 Office (888) 745-6647 & (405) 745-6644 Fax (405) 745-6646 Email - Top Home E-mail   Company Information Magnum Series Systems Extreme Machining The Daniluk Corp BEGIN LE FASTCOUNTER CODE   