Torchmate CNC Plasma Tables | Premium CNC Machines | Plate and Pipe Cutting | Torchmate Google Tag Manager (noscript) End Google Tag Manager (noscript) Facebook Pixel Code End Facebook Pixel Code Become an Expert Financing Buy Local Consumables Parts Support Call Now 775-673-2200 Toll Free 866-571-1066 Search:  × Menu Products Products Torchmate 4400/4800 Torchmate 4400 and 4800 - 4x4 and 4x8 CNC Plasma Cutting Tables These industry leading 4x4 and 4x8 plasma tables are the premier option in their class. These unitized systems are designed and built by Lincoln Electric and include everything you need to start cutting. Make the right choice by adding automation to your shop with a brand new Lincoln Electric machine today. Check out the latest 2018 versions of our CNC tables! New features and enhancements are included! Learn More Torchmate 4400/4800 Education Packages The Torchmate 4400 and 4800 are ideal for all educational environments. We include a Master license of our CAD design software with every educational purchase, and unlimited student licenses! This allows you to easily teach to as many students as needed. We also offer a complete curriculum to allow you add this new machine to your program immediately. We give you complimentary access to our complete library of videos and resources to help your students learn as easily as possible. Learn More Education Packages Torchmate X The Torchmate X Table is our light industrial CNC plasma cutting machine. This machine has been refreshed for 2018 with a new unitized design and touchscreen interface for all 5x10 models. This machine is also available in larger sizes of 6x14, 6x22, 8x14, and 8x22 with our standard control system. Learn More Torchmate X Torchmate 5100 The Lincoln Electric® Torchmate® 5100 is our flagship industrial CNC plasma cutting table. This machine is built for all day production and is capable of running any of our HD plasma cutters. The machine is built with the most rugged components to our highest specifications for unmatched reliability and consistency.  The machine is also configurable with a bevel head, giving you the ability to create parts that are ready to weld right off the table. Learn More Torchmate 5100 MasterPipe Compact Profiler The MasterPipe Compact Profiler is an excellent machine for light duty pipe profiling. This machine is built for pipe in 1-8 inches in diameter.* Learn More MasterPipe Compact Profiler Plasma Cutters Lincoln Electric offers a range of plasma cutters for your machine. Our air plasma units are the FlexCut® 80 and FlexCut 125. We also offer the FlexCut 200 which is a dual gas plasma cutting system. We also offer High Definition plasma cutters with our Spirit® II line. These units are capable of cutting thicker material with extremely low amounts of dross.  Learn More Plasma Cutters How to Choose Training Training Resources Training Schedule | Sign Up CAD Training Support Contact Us Previous Slide ◀︎ Next Slide ▶︎ Welcome to Torchmate CNC Cutting Systems! The Torchmate® product line of automated plasma cutting tables encompasses a broad scope of machines: from our entry-level CNC machines—the Torchmate 4400 , to our industrial plasma cutting tables with the Torchmate 5100 , and everything in between. Our fully assembled machines are ideal for the small or mid size shop looking to add their first piece of automated machinery to their business. The Torchmate X table brings the weight and durability of a 5,000+ pound fabricated mild steel water table to fabrication shops that are ready for a commitment to in-house manufacturing. A bevel head option is offered on our advanced, industrial CNC plasma table, the Torchmate 5100 , giving you weld ready parts directly from the table. Our machines feature the FlexCut® series of plasma cutters designed specifically to work with Torchmate machines. These units include the FlexCut 80 , FlexCut 125 , and FlexCut 200 . Our Spirit® II high definition plasma cutters offer excellent cut quality for those needing even higher cut quality. Businesses rooted in agriculture, industrial manufacturing, architecture, and a host of other industries can all benefit from the business improvements a Torchmate branded CNC cutting table can bring. For any information on how to choose the right plasma cutting table for your business or your hobby, click our How To Choose page to explore the entire product line. You may also call our sales department at (775) 673-2200 to discuss what robotic plasma system is right for you. The utility of our plasma tables goes beyond the normal scope of what our customers classify as a fabrication machine. Our metal cutting processes include  plasma and oxy-fuel and allow you to expand your business in a variety of new ways. Please find the link to our customer success stories here, and read about how thousands of our machines around the world have driven successful businesses in the fabrication industry. We’ve been making affordable cutting tables since 1979, and have accelerated our technological advances in motion control, height control, and manufacturing due to the acquisition by Lincoln Electric® in 2011. Lincoln Electric has made this international brand of CNC plasma tables a top-tier product in the world of plasma automation, and will continue to offer the affordability and quality that has made Torchmate a household name in the fabrication industry. Our business hours are from 7:00 am to 4:00 pm Pacific time. Call us toll free today at (866) 571-1066 . Let one of our trained CNC professionals guide you through every step of the CNC cutting process. We would love to have you join the thousands that are already part of our Torchmate family. Spanish speaking sales department: ¿Se habla español? Torchmate esta orgulloso de ofrecer a nuestros clientes el nuevo departamento de ventas en español. Para mas información de nuestro productos y ventas contacten a nuestro representante de ventas Diego al +57 13648800 Ext. 7710 / Mobile: +57 3187358186, o enviénos su información y preguntas a  diego@torchmate.com . Tenemos la solución en sistemas de corte CNC para toda la industria, nuestros sistemas de corte están disponibles en todo Latino América. Torchmate CNC Cutting Systems cge_cache Products Products Torchmate 4400/4800 Education Packages Torchmate X Torchmate 5100 MasterPipe Compact Profiler Torchmate ReadyPak Pipe Cutting Machines Accessories Plasma Cutters Motion Controllers Consumables Software Welding How to Choose Learn More Learn More Distributors News Photo Gallery Design Cut Build Success Stories Event Schedule FAQs Training Support Request Training Resources Training Schedule | Sign Up CAD Training Support Manuals and Downloads Resource Center Resource Center Video Tutorials Featured Videos Demo Videos Reference Tables White Papers Consumable Cost Calculator Safety About Us About Us Engineering Team Traveling Technicians Job Opportunities Contact Us © Copyright 2013-2019 Torchmate. Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Sitemap Request a Quote Support START Lightbox Javascript END Lightbox Javascript Google Code for Remarketing Tag Remarketing tags may not be associated with personally identifiable information or placed on pages related to sensitive categories.See more information and instructions on how to setup the tag on:http: 