Hand Crank to Fully-Automatic Meter-Mix Dispensers Triplematic Dispensers Mix with the Best -- Triplematic Dispensers About Hand Crank Meter Meter Mixer Automatic Meter Mixer Multi Part Blend Mixers 3 Part Blend Mixer 4 Part Blend and Mixer Extruders Construction Extruders Retread Extruder Accessories Request a Quote Contact Start content section Hand Crank to Fully-Automatic Meter-Mix Dispensers Triplematic Dispensers manufacture all types of dispensing equipment from hand crank to fully-automatic meter-mix dispensers, including industrial guns, and extruders. Our high-performance custom-designed industrial meter-mix dispensers meet specific manufacturing requirements in industries where non-abrasive components are mixed. Triplematic Dispensers, Inc. makes a special effort to make high quality products and strong customer relationships. Our equipment has been in the field since 1958. Triplematic has paid attention to the changing demands and requirements of both small and large manufacturing that use components such as epoxy mixing and dispensing equipment.  As a result, we have been able to meet the production demands for a wide variety of applications including filters, golf clubs, electronics, paintbrushes, security devices, and hand tools. We’ve also been able to provide our services in automotive, snowboarding, medical, and prototype manufacturing. Triplematic Dispensers, Inc. offers a complete line of affordable meter-mix dispensers, including industrial guns and hot metal extruders for glass assembly and tire retreading. Our equipment is custom-designed, totally manufactured in-house, allowing fast turn-around times on delivery. They are built to precise customer specifications, so we also provide replacement  parts and accessories . We at Triplematic Dispensers, Inc., are confident that our affordable equipment can save time, labor, material, while increasing production. Contact us for inquiries for any industrial dispensing applications at 314-995-7111.  Triplematic Dispensers   2009                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Site Meter Copyright (c)2006 Site Meter End content section 