Custom Industrial Furnaces | Refractory Insulation Products .navbar-toggle is used as the toggle for collapsed navbar content Innovation, Service, Performance Home About Us Careers Blog Contact 0 items $0.00 708-339-6810 Industrial Furnaces Investment Casting Furnaces EO5 Test Furnaces Box Industrial Furnaces Forging Furnaces Heat Treating Furnaces Packaged Burner Systems Cremation Furnaces Refractory Materials Ceramic Fiber Low Bio Persistence – Insulfrax & Isofrax Microporous Insulation Firebrick Insulating Boards Castables and Plastics Coatings and Patches Pre Cast Shapes Marinite Structural Insulation High Temperature Cloth and Tape High Temperature Ropes and Braids Wood Fired Ovens Furnace Services Combustion/Control Services Industrial Furnace Parts Refractory Relines Industrial Furnace Rebuilds Pre Cast Shapes Shop Request Equipment Quote end of header Industrial Furnaces Armil CFS industrial furnaces and equipment are engineered to work in harsh industrial environments utilizing the latest in combustion and control technology and engineered refractory designs. From investment casting furnaces to box and forging furnaces, our products can take the heat 24/7. Refractory Materials Armil CFS distributes, fabricates, and installs a wide range of high-temperature insulation and refractory products for a variety of heat management applications up to and exceeding 3000°F. Insulating Firebrick and ceramic fiber products are just two of the many refractory materials we sell year-round Cremation Furnaces CFS 2300 human and pet cremation furnaces possess the latest advancements in combustion, controls and refractory engineering - resulting in user-friendly, fuel-efficient furnaces with remote troubleshooting and monitoring functions for increased safety and efficiency. Learn more at our sister site. Armil CFS, Inc. has been designing, manufacturing, installing, and repairing furnaces, kilns, ovens, and other high-temperature process equipment for more the 48 years. Armil CFS distributes and installs refractory, high temperature insulation, combustion equipment, and process controls manufactured by industry leaders. Since 1968, we have been designing and manufacturing high temperature process equipment, including industrial furnaces , kilns, and incineration equipment. We are a distributor for leading manufacturers of high-temperature insulation and refractory products Waste Heat Recovery for Industrial Furnaces Learn how to gain up to 38 percent fuel savings utilizing waste heat recovery. Download to Learn More! end of wrapper end of container About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Return Policy end of col-lg-12 end of row .social-icons 15660 La Salle Street, South Holland, IL 60473 © 2018  Armil CFS . All Rights Reserved. | Designed by K6Digital end copyright (c) 2005, 2014. Authorize.Net is a registered trademark of CyberSource Corporation Payment Processing end of col-lg-2 end row end #footer-wrapper end container end #footer X Menu Armil CFS Industrial Furnaces ▼ Investment Casting Furnaces EO5 Test Furnaces Box Industrial Furnaces Forging Furnaces Heat Treating Furnaces Packaged Burner Systems Cremation Furnaces Refractory Materials ▼ Ceramic Fiber Low Bio Persistence – Insulfrax & Isofrax Microporous Insulation Firebrick Insulating Boards Castables and Plastics Coatings and Patches Pre Cast Shapes Marinite Structural Insulation High Temperature Cloth and Tape High Temperature Ropes and Braids Wood Fired Ovens Furnace Services ▼ Combustion/Control Services Industrial Furnace Parts Refractory Relines Industrial Furnace Rebuilds Pre Cast Shapes Shop Request Equipment Quote 