Falu Maschinenbau - Willkommen bei Falu AG - powered by Contrexx Body Section starts here header content                           deutsch • english • francais • espaniol Sub pages Home Contact end header img top content main Frame Content left starts here sidebar left Products About us Contact News Jobs Frame Content left ends here Frame Content right starts here cotton swab production Production of cotton swabs in different forms and sizes, with paper sticks as well as plastic sticks   cotton swab packaging Automatic packaging of cotton swabs into differrent forms and materials  of packages spare parts Falu has all commonly used spare parts on stock and can deliver them in short time. To receive an offer for needed parts please fill in the inquiry form   cotton pads production Production of cotton pads in different forms and sizes, with or without imprinted pattern cotton pads packaging Automatic packaging of different cotton pads into different forms of packages    support Falu provides an excellent customer support service, so your questions are answered fast and problems are solved quickly . To speed up the problem solving process please send us the relevant information.   Falu News The new Falu Newsletter is online, giving an up to date overview of the Falu machines and services. Paper sticks In time for the new legislation to come in force, Falu AG and Türeller Ltd are pleased to announce their partnership for the production ................ The Falu Draftmodule The last 45 years all European cotton swab machines had to rely on a cotton sliver weight of around 1.5 g/m. It was one of .............. Industrial extra drying system A lot of countries suffer from high humidity which causes difficulties and inefficiency in the cotton swab production. Falu offers a solution being integrated in a modular form to ..........   Frame Content right ends here sidebar right teaser! Frame Content ends here Sub page Content area starts here end content main footer Printable version   |   T&C   |   Recommend page   |   Impressum - Legal Notice   |   Frontend Editing end footer Counter Code BEGIN Counter Code END 