 AJ Baker & Sons Commercial Refrigeration, Air-conditioning, Ice Machines | Home » Welcome to AJ BAKER & SONS Pty Ltd start search ignore Head Office 6 Parkland Road OSBORNE PARK WA 6017 ph: (08) 9242 5000 fax: (08) 9242 5055 A/H: (08) 9480 5550 email@ajbaker.com.au end search ignore start search ignore Search 1800 423 626 About Us Overview Meet the Team Our History Compliance Products Display Cases Refrigerated Remote Cases Chillers Serve-Over Counters Open Verticals Closed Verticals Open Semi-Verticals Closed Semi-Verticals Rear Service Cabinet Open Islands Sushi Counter Freezers Chest Freezers Vertical Glass Doors Freezers Combined Freezers Refrigerated Plug-In Cases Chillers Self-Serve Counters Serve-Over Counters Open Verticals Closed Verticals Semi-Verticals Pastry Upright Displays Salad Bars Open Islands Closed Islands Bench Display Freezers Chest Freezers Overhanging Freezers Closed Vertical Freezers Gelato Case Hot Food Cases Serve Over Bain-Maries Mobile Bain-Maries Hot Vertical Multi-Decks Ice Machines Ice Cube Machines Undercounter Cubers Modular Cubers Ice Dispensers Nugget Ice Machines Flake Ice Machines Undercounter Flakers Modular Flakers Storage Bins Large Capacity Bins Refrigeration Plant Air Conditioning Systems Service & Support Overview Video Tutorials Document Downloads Tips Natural Refrigerants Projects & News Contact Us Search end search ignore start search ignore end search ignore Welcome to AJ BAKER & SONS Pty Ltd Featured Products 2018.2.516.45 Plug-In Chillers Plug-In Freezers Hot Food Cases Remote Chillers Remote Freezers Ice Machines Refrigeration Plant Air Conditioning Systems Service & Support   We at A.J. Baker & Sons are a commercial refrigeration Australian leader with a nationwide presence and almost 90 years of history in supplying quality equipment. We design, install, service and maintain all types of  self-contained “plug-in” and “remote” refrigeration cabinets, catering equipment, air conditioning and ventilation systems for supermarkets, fast food chains and small to medium sized commercial projects . We are also the sole Australian supplier for brands such as Bonnet Neve, Eurocryor, Iarp, AHT, Criocabin, and Welbilt-Manitowoc ice machines.  This fourth generation family owned Company was started in 1931. From these early beginnings for both the Company and Refrigeration in general, we at A.J. Baker & Sons have grown to have a strong presence in the industry and to achieve recognition at the forefront of Refrigeration and HVAC disciplines over this long length of time. With the complete suite of capabilities from design, costing, engineering, project management, installation, commissioning, maintenance and service, our expertise is at your disposal. Our Latest Installations Projects and News We are "Best Equipment Exhibitor" at Metcash Expo 2019 15 July 2019 We have been awarded as "Best Equipment Exhibitor" at the ongoing Metcash Expo. We want to share this honour with all the Partners that have cooperated to design, set-in and fit-out our booth. > read more The Good Grocer IGA, South Perth (WA) 11 July 2019 All cabinets are managed by Carel’s BOSS system, local supervisor for medium and large systems, featuring built-in Wi-Fi and access from mobile devices for both programming and everyday operations. > read more Cheaper Buy Miles Flemington (VIC) 02 July 2019 This recently opened store features our exclusive vertical refrigerated Rock cabinet, perfect for dairy, delicatessen, meat, fresh produce. The external condensing unit is a Platinum Plus by Bitzer. > read more World Refrigeration Day 2019 26 June 2019 This inaugural World Refrigeration Day has worldwide support from industry groups, standard bodies and the UN Environment Program. It aims to raise awareness of the HVACR sector and the vital role it plays in modern society. > read more Cottesloe IGA (WA) 11 June 2019 Here we have provided and installed our exclusive Criocabin Enixe 100 deli, Enixe 400 hot bain-marie (replacing existing deli and hot line-up), and Epta island self-serve cheese. > read more Morgan's SUPA IGA Gisborne (VIC) is the Victorian SUPA IGA Dairy–Freezer Dept of the year 05 June 2019 The winning department of this important store operates Crystal and Aurora cases, all by our exclusive European partner Epta. > read more Welbilt awarded as 2019 ENERGY STAR Partner of the Year - Sustained Excellence 31 May 2019 This marks the tenth consecutive year EPA (Environmental Protection Agency, United States of America) has recognized Welbilt for its continued commitment to energy efficiency. > read more Aldi Springvale South (VIC) 27 May 2019 The main refrigeration plant operates with an Epta Pack utilising CO 2 R744 and R134a. The Sub Critical Hybrid CO 2 R134a design delivers a reduction in the carbon footprint of the refrigeration plant. > read more Nikos Cakes Fairfield (VIC) 21 May 2019 In the space of a few weeks, the leafy suburb of Fairfield (Vic) will have gained at least four cafes and restaurants. Leading the charge is our friends Nikos Cakes, which opened on May 13. > read more In-house TC CO 2 training facility announced 19 May 2019 "We are going to make a transcritical CO 2 training facility that we are going to build ourselves in-house. This is so we will be able to train our own people in a more central location." > read more We are Criocabin’s 2018 Best Dealer 16 May 2019 We are proud of such an important cooperation and grateful for Criocabin’s support in bringing the Italian quality to our customers. > read more Mike Baker at ATMO Australia 2019 08 May 2019 ATMO Australia 2019 brings together decision makers from industry and government to change the future of natural refrigerants. Our Managing Director, Mike Baker, will hold the keynote presentation for the Contractor panel. > read more Testimonials Esat Kaya Director - PacificGate International P/L We commissioned AJ Baker & Sons to refurbish our supermarket for our 20 years anniversary. We decided to go with custom made cold deck display cabinets, special stainless steel wall cabinets and upgrade our coldrooms and plant. The end result was a great finish. > read more Tim Rugless Director - Rugless Supermarkets and Liquor Our family have a proud tradition of shop trading since 1900. For our Foodland Supermarket in Brighton (SA) we were looking for European atmosphere and wonderful design, something that allows us a great functionality in our customer service and a market type feel. > read more Petar Lujic Group CEO - KAMEN GROUP Supermarkets Our latest supermarket – IGA Market Central, Wentworth Point - is a benchmark on the east coast of Australia and AJ Baker has contributed immensely toward this achievement. Refrigeration solution could not have been delivered better by any other operators. > read more Jonathan Fryer Director - ISECO Engineering Services ISECO have had a working relationship with AJ Baker for over 10-years and we have never been disappointed with their job quality. We have worked together on ALDI’s store refrigeration systems, where ISECO provide specification and installation review services. > read more Marcus Meier Property Director - ALDI Stores Australia We developed a great partnership with AJ Baker over the last decade and their dedication to our stores is evident in all aspects of our refrigeration equipment. The service was fast, professional and friendly – and you never missed a GO date. > read more div.content start search ignore About Us Contact Us Service & Support Products Display Cases Ice Machines Refrigeration Plant Air Conditioning Systems News Privacy Mailing List   RTA: AU10320       1800 423 626 © Copyright 2012 to 2019, AJ Baker & Sons Follow Us On: site by mooya creative & café media end search ignore 