Spintex Skip to content Spintex .site-branding Menu Home About Us Products Textile Machines Muratec Compressors Lupamat Dyes, Inks & Chemicals Biporin Spinning & Laboratory Solutions Tomsic Part Sales Services Gallery Clients Contact Us .main-navigation .site-header-menu .site-header Slider Section Start - Repeat Section Start- - Repeat Section End- - Repeat Section Start- - Repeat Section End- - Repeat Section Start- - Repeat Section End- Slider Section End About Us Section Start - Repeat Section Start- Welcome to Spintex Spintex is a Pakistan-based textile service and trading company. Established in the year 1999., in Karachi, Pakistan. We are considered as one of the leading textile machinery sales, after sales and services, lab-equipment for textile sector, compressors for general manufacturing market not only textile and spare parts. Read More - Repeat Section End- About Us Section End products Slider Section Start - Repeat Section Start- Murata Machinery Limited Muratec is striving to offer machines that reliably produce high quality products and create exciting new value, as well as being both user- and environmentally-friendly. We hope that Muratec’s proposals and products are sources of rich creativity for our customers. In particular, the development of the Mach Splicer, (more…) - Repeat Section End- - Repeat Section Start- Lupamat Lupamat, is the strongest compressor brand in Turkey with the ability to produce the type and capacity for all sectors. Company offers 5.5 KW to 355 KW Screw and piston type air free, oil free and oil injected compressors. Spintex (pvt) ltd has started to market this product in 2011 and now successfully selling in the geographical limits (more…) - Repeat Section End- - Repeat Section Start- Tomsic Tomsic company grew a lot with acquisition of huge textile experience, especially in card & drawframe autolevelling, slivers quality monitoring and laboratory quality monitoring process. TOMSIC offers a full range of autolevellers with unbeatable results, easy operation, very low maintenance cost and extremely long life expectancy! Large and (more…) - Repeat Section End- - Repeat Section Start- Biporin PT BIPORIN AGUNG is a leading dyestuff manufacturer and also the manufacturer of ECOINK R & ECOINK RE, high quality and performance reactive inks for Digital Textile Printing. The manufacturing process is done with highly purified reactive dyes, supported by sophisticated production and quality control techniques with equipment all geared to meet exacting specification that deliver inks of the highest quality and stability. (more…) - Repeat Section End- Middle Slider Section End Next Gen Section Start - Repeat Section Start- Delivering the best Delivering the Next gen Technology In pakistan Spintex was established in the year 1999, With the solo aim to continue the same high value services , Murata used to provide to their customer in the geographical limits of Islamic republic of Pakistan before her official announcement of closure of Liaison office in Pakistan. It was a real challenge as to fill the gap created by the absence of a world class company that has established its reputation in Pakistan purely on high value services to their customers. Before departing from Pakistan Murata was enjoying almost 80% market share in the Auto winder business in Pakistan because of their customer care management systems. Read More - Repeat Section End- Next Gen Section End Testimonial Section Start Customer Testimonials - Repeat Section Start- Far far away, behind the word mountains, far from the countries Vokalia and Consonantia, there live the blind texts. Separated they live in Bookmarksgrove right at the coast of the Semantics, a large language ocean. Rashid Shamshudin Managing Director, Al Karim Textle - Repeat Section End- - Repeat Section Start- Far far away, behind the word mountains, far from the countries Vokalia and Consonantia, there live the blind texts. Separated they live in Bookmarksgrove right at the coast of the Semantics, a large language ocean. Rashid Shamshudin Managing Director, Al Karim Textle - Repeat Section End- Testimonial Section End Footer Section Start Spintex About us CEO Message Mission & Vision Company Profile Partners Muratec LTD Tomsic Lupamat Biporin Quick Links Part Sales Gallery Career Clients Contact Detail Address: C-92, K.D.A Scheme No.1, Karachi Phone: (+92)213 452 3729, (+92)213 452 3729 Email: info.spintex.net.pk Newsettler Signup Send Copyright © 2018 Spintex. All Right Reserved. Designed and Developed by Mintbrains Follow Us <li><a href="javascript"><i class="fa fa-google-plus-square" aria-hidden="true"></i></a></li> <li><a href="javascript"><i class="fa fa-pinterest-square" aria-hidden="true"></i></a></li> Footer Section End jQuery 