Home page - Flowdrill Google Tag Manager (noscript) End Google Tag Manager (noscript) × Added to your cart added to wishlist. added to compare products. Go to Shopping Cart Go to Wishlist Continue Shopping /.modal-content /.modal-dialog /.modal was were added to your cart. added to wishlist. added to compare products. Continue Shopping Go to Shopping Cart JavaScript seem to be disabled in your browser. You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website. +44 1746 250 003 info@flowdrill.co.uk EN EN DE FR NL Home Solutions Products Support About us Contact Search eo header row eo header-container eo header-wrapper   Products   Flowdrill Suitable to drill in metal. Available in standard and flat design. Aludrill Specifically designed for drilling in aluminium with a 120 degree counter sink. Starter set Tool case with all the necessary tools to start flowdrilling. All products About Flowdrill. Founded in 1980 in the Netherlands, our company manufactures tungsten carbide Flowdrills by in-house production. Over the last thirtyfive years, thousands of customers in more than fifty countries, changed over to the friction drill technology. The majority of our customers are active in the automotive, construction, HVAC, sanitary and furniture industry. With our specialized knowledge in thermal drilling, we are glad to support your company to enable innovation, all around the world.           More information Flowdrill and partners. Find your nearest office Reliable and cost-reducing technology. The adoption of a new technology requires effort, so you want to make sure you are gaining quality and saving time, while reducing costs. Our application engineers are glad to help you with the cost-benefit calculations. Pages Products Support About Us Contact Flowdrill Inc. US 4701 Happy Lane Arnold, MO 63010 United States Phone: +1 636 548 8485 info@flowdrill.com Cookie declaration Featured category. Products Flowdrill Flowtap Starter set Accessories Always up to date. Sign up for our newsletter Sign Up for Our Newsletter: Subscribe Copyright © 2019 Flowdrill Magento webshop by Bluebird Day - Breda 