Diesel Machinery - Diesel Generators, Generator, Diesel Engines (03) 9699 1655 Home About Us Products Brands Spare Parts FAQ Contact Us More Home About Us Products Brands Spare Parts FAQ Contact Us Home About Us Products Brands Spare Parts FAQ Contact Us Australia's Leading Equipment Supplier Call Us Today (03) 9699 1655 Get in Touch Expert Advice Not sure what model you need.? Ask the experts, we are more than happy to help Find out more Best Deals We guarantee to give you Australia's best price and we deliver Australia Wide Find out more Biggest Range We have Australia's Biggest Range of equipment to suit all applications  Find out more View our extensive range of products View Now Welcome Diesel and Machinery is located in Melbourne and is Australia's leading  equipment supplier to Australia’s wholesale and retail market. We have over thirty years experience in the power equipment industry and our qualified staff  have a strong commitment to offering top quality service with the right advice. We are proud to offer Australia's biggest range of the worlds best brands for over twenty different product categories. These product categories include Air Compressors, Compaction Products, Concrete Drive Units & Pumps, Petrol & Diesel Engines, Firefighting Pumps & Hoses,  Petrol & Diesel Generators, Pressure Washers, Sprayers, Water Filtration, Electric, Petrol & Diesel Driven Pumps, Welders & Workstations. At Diesel and Machinery P/L our customers are our most important asset,  so you can be sure we will do everything we can to provide the right product at the best price. We are well known in Australia for our huge range of Petrol and Diesel Engines, Petrol & Diesel Generators, Electric, Petrol & Diesel Driven Pumps. Having such popular brands like Briggs & Stratton, Kubota, Yanmar, Kohler, Lister Petter, Yamaha, Davey, Grundfos, Onga, we can guarantee to be able to provide you the ideal product thats right for any application. Subscribe Sign up to hear from us about specials, sales, and events. Email Address Sign up Copyright © 2019 Diesel Machinery - All Rights Reserved. About Us Products Brands Spare Parts FAQ Contact Us Powered by GoDaddy Website Builder 