Nowo Textile Machinery Skip to content .site-branding Main Menu Company Nowo machinery Menu Toggle Nowo machinery Menu Toggle NOWO PA bale opener NOWO RK fibre / NOWO RKM micro opener NOWOROLL S ball fiber machine NOWOROLL D ball fiber machine NOWO BLOW pillow filling system Nowo machinery Menu Toggle VAC STANDARD weighing and vacuum unit VAC DOUBLE weighing and vacuum units NOWO MIX blending device and storage bin NOWO Q quilting line Nowo machinery Menu Toggle NOWO W wadding lines NOWO BLENDING LINE NOWO BS blending silo NOWO UF universal feeding device Additional equipment to NOWO machinery Menu Toggle Nowo Contiblend Nowo Microvac Nowo Carding machine Sacking Device Vacuum sacking device Intermediate silo Anti-static devices Nowo rolling device Service News Contact Nowo Main Header Container ast-row Main Header Bar #masthead .entry-header Professional High Performance Tools for Textile Industry Our machine range covers the whole production chain from bale opening to weighing and filling and can handle most fibres in the market. We can deliver individual machines or complete production lines tailored to a client’s specific needs. Contact us » Nowo has delivered production lines to over 40 countries, hundreds of Nowo Vac and Noworoll machineries all over the world. Robust, refined and reliable In industrial production reliability is needed in addition to performance. The reliability and functionality of Nowo machinery is a matter of honour to us. Efficient production is also ensured by our perfect Turn Key -deliveries that also include installation, commissioning and operator training. Read More Easy to operate Nowo machines are operated by a clear and easy-to-use touch-screen which allows the changing of all parameters in a few seconds. User language can easily be selected by the operator. Read More After Sales Support Our After Sales Support team is at hand to reply to any questions you might have and to solve any possible problems. All parts that wear out easily such as bearings and electrical motors can be easily inspected, and whenever necessary, purchased locally. Read More INTERESTING FACTS ABOUT NOWO Nowo introduced the vacuum filling into the market. Nowo has delivered production lines to over 40 countries, hundreds of Nowo Vac and Noworoll machineries all over the world. Nowo develops new solutions for the processing of short cut fibres. Nowo develops seatings for the automotive industry. Premium quality All Nowo machinery is of premium quality with every detail carefully considered and executed. This results in a highly efficient, robust, reliable and quiet user-friendly range of quality equipment. Contact us » .entry-content .clear #post-## #main #primary ast-container #content Copyright © 2019 Nowo Textile Machinery .ast-row .ast-small-footer-wrap .ast-container .ast-footer-overlay .ast-small-footer #colophon #page Scroll to Top 