 Custom Packaging Machinery Manufacturer - Liquid Packaging Solutions Liquid Packaging Solutions Packaging Machinery Manufacturer 1-888-393-3693 News Resources Viscosity Chart Resource Links About Us Company History Made In The USA Testimonials Memberships 1-888-393-3693 Submit Quote Request facebook google-plus linkedin twitter youtube Industries Industries Distilled Spirits Bottled Water Food and Beverage Cleaners and Chemicals Oils and Lubricants Personal Care and Household Pharma and Nutraceuticals Custom Systems Parts & Service Parts & Service Parts After Sale Services Installation Training & Service Packaging Machine Integration Purchase Options Contact Contact Employment Become A Dealer Visit Us Contact us Liquid Packaging Solutions, Inc. Designing, manufacturing, installing and servicing packaging machinery for products in virtually every industry imaginable! Located about an hour outside of Chicago in La Porte, Indiana, Liquid Packaging Solutions, Inc., formed with the gathering of a number of Packaging Industry veterans.  The knowledge and experience of our staff allows us to build a wide range of packaging machinery for just about every industry imaginable.  Our rinsing machines, filling equipment, capping machines and custom packaging equipment have been put to use across the United States and around the world, packaging products such as bottled water, distilled spirits, cosmetics, chemicals, oils, pharmaceutical products and more.  Whether a single piece of equipment, a complete, integrated, turnkey packaging system, or a custom manufactured packaging solution, LPS works with clients to design and build a system that meets the individual needs of the specific packager and project at hand. But our job does not begin or end with building the packaging machinery.  In order to find the ideal solution for each unique packaging project, we consult with our clients to understand their products, production demands, space limitations, labor force, expectations for growth and a number of other components that will directly affect finding the right packaging machinery solution.  Our job begins by learning about our clients because while we build equipment, knowing our clients is the only way to build the right equipment.  Once the solution is designed, built and delivered, the Packaging Specialists at LPS continue to offer knowledge and experience through services such as installation, training, technical support and parts replacement. More than just a manufacturer, at LPS we strive to be your partner in packaging - from the day of start up to the years on the Fortune 500! Send Quick Connect File Attachments If you need to attach multiple files, press and hold down CTRL (on PC) or Command (on Apple) and click each file. frmQuoteRequestModal × Close Quick Connect ... OK END: frmQuoteRequestModal Product Finder Products Complete Turnkey Solutions Filling Machinery Overflow Filling Machines Gravity Filling Machines Pump Filling Machines Piston Filling Machines Net Weight Filling Machines Other Liquid Filling Machines Capping Machines and Sealing Equipment Capping Machines - Spindle Cappers Capping Machines - Chuck Cappers Bottle Corking Machines Capping Machines - ROPP Cappers Capping Machines - Snap Capper Capsule Spinner Specialty Capping Machines and Accessories Heat Tunnels Induction Sealers Neck Banders Bottle Rinsing Machines and Bottle Washers Rinsing Machines - Air Rinsers Rinsing Machines - Wet Rinsers Bottle Washing Machines Conveyor Systems and Turntables Power Conveyors Power Cooling Conveyors Non-Power Conveyors Loading Turntables Accumulating Turntables Transfer Turntables Labeling Machinery Nitrogen Purge Argon Purge Material Handling Equipment Bottle Separators Bottle Hoppers, Elevators and Orienters Bottle Debaggers Bottle Unscrambler Indexing and Filing Bottle Conveyors Leak Detectors LPS Video Gallery Recent News View All News 19 Jul '19 A Packaging Machine A Day - Chuck Capping Machines Chuck cappers offer packagers an alternative to the spindle capping machine when it comes to tightening screw on type closures. There are several reas... More 17 Jul '19 A Packaging Machine A Day - Piston Filling Machine A versatile filling machine, piston fillers can be built as both automatic and semi-automatic bottle fillers. While ideal for very thick products, the... More 15 Jul '19 Register for PACK EXPO courtesy of LPS! PACK EXPO 2019 in Las Vegas is fast approaching and Liquid Packaging Solutions is beginning to prepare to bring our packaging machines and our people ... More 12 Jul '19 A Packaging Machine A Day - Nitrogen Purge Today we will talk about a rather unique packaging machine that may not be found on all or even a majority of packaging lines. However, nitrogen purge... More 10 Jul '19 A Packaging Machine A Day - Spindle Capper While different bottle closures will require different types of filling machines, the spindle capper handles a wide range of caps that screw on to bot... More Featured Products Rinsing Machines > Filling Machines > Capping Machines > Conveyors > Quick Links <ul class="nav nav-pills"> <li><a href="#" class="btn btn-info">Products</a></li> <li><a href="#" class="btn btn-info">Industries</a></li> <li><a href="#" class="btn btn-warning">Request A Quote</a></li> </ul> Custom Packaging Systems Parts & Service Purchase Options News Contact Us Testimonials I just want to thank all of you at Liquid Packaging Solutions (LPS) for making our business together a most pleasurable experience. All of the staff at LPS were friendly and professional while providing the absolute best equipment, custom built for our needs. The timeliness of all of LPS operations from original quotes, to building the equipment, to shipping, right down to the site set-up and training of our staff was absolutely compelling, and a delight to witness. I will use Liquid Packaging Solutions for all of my future packaging equipment needs. Edward Working with the professionals at Liquid Packaging Solutions has been a pleasure. Their customer service is equaled only by their superb quality, great attention to detail and on time delivery. I know I can count on LPS. Tommy As a start-up manufacturer of specialized food products, our company has benefited greatly from the experience and creativity of the Liquid Packaging Solutions team. Their expertise is evident all along our production line. From custom design and manufacture of critical components, to training and trouble-shooting during implementation, LPS made sure that we were 100% satisfied - and they did so within our budget. We will continue turning to LPS for our manufacturing needs. Ben Connections 1-888-393-3693 Liquid Packaging Solutions, Inc. 3999 E. Hupp Road, R-43 LaPorte, IN 46350 Phone: 1-219-393-3600 Fax: 1-219-393-5260 facebook google-plus linkedin twitter youtube Copyright © 2019 Liquid Packaging Solutions, Inc. All Rights Reserved. | Terms of Use Website Design and Development by David-Ervin.com × Close Viscosity Chart Common Liquid Types Viscosity Low Viscosity High Water @ 70° F 1 5 Blood or Kerosene 10 10 Anti-Freeze or Ethylene Glycol 15 15 Motor Oil SAE 10 or Corn Syrup 50 100 Motor Oil SAE 30 or Maple Syrup 150 200 Motor Oil SAE 40 or Castor Oil 250 500 Motor Oil SAE 60 or Glycerin 1000 2000 Karo Corn Syrup or Honey 2000 3000 Blackstrap Molasses 5000 10,000 Hershey Chocolate Syrup 10,000 25,000 Heinz Ketchup or French's mustard* 50,000 70,000 Tomato Paste or Peanut Butter 150,000 200,000 Crisco Shortening or Lard 1,000,000 2,000,000 Caulking Compound 5,000,000 10,000,000 Window Putty 100,000,000 100,000,000+ LiveZilla Tracking Code (ALWAYS PLACE IN BODY ELEMENT) https://www.LiveZilla.net Tracking Code LiveZilla Text Chat Link Code (ALWAYS PLACE IN BODY ELEMENT) https://www.LiveZilla.net Text Chat Link Code [if IE]><script type="text/javascript" src="https://www.liquidpackagingsolution.com/assets/js/ie.js"></script><![endif] page related plugins Google Code for Quick Connect Conversion Page In your html page, add the snippet and call goog_report_conversion when someone clicks on the chosen link or button. 