Garford Farm Machinery Ltd | Precision Guided Hoes & InRow Weeders Home About About Garford Farm Machinery Achievements Community involvement Exhibitions and events The workplace Products Band and Hooded Sprayers Robo-Pilot Robocrop Guided Hoes Robocrop InRow Weeder Robocrop Side Shift System Robocrop Spot Sprayer Used Equipment Weedfoil / Weedwiper News Gallery All galleries Band & Hooded Sprayers Robocrop InRow Weeder Robocrop Guided Hoes General Use Baby Salad Leaf Gallery Carrots gallery Parsnips Gallery Robocrop Spot Sprayer Robo Pilot Weedfoil Weedwiper Shows and events Instagram Contact Contact Garford UK International Distributors Facebook Twitter MENU MENU About About Garford Farm Machinery Achievements Community involvement Exhibitions and events The workplace Products Band and Hooded Sprayers Robo-Pilot Robocrop InRow Weeder Robocrop Guided Hoes Robocrop Side Shift System Robocrop Spot Sprayer Weedfoil / Weedwiper Used Equipment News Gallery All galleries Band & Hooded Sprayers Robocrop InRow Weeder Robocrop Guided Hoes General Use Baby Salad Leaf Gallery Carrots gallery Parsnips Gallery Robocrop Spot Sprayer Robo Pilot Weedfoil Weedwiper Shows and events Instagram Contact Contact Garford UK International Distributors Technologically advanced mechanical weed control products for inter-row and in the row hoeing in a broad range of crops MADE IN THE UK Designed and developed in the UK but also sold further afield to countries such as Chile and Japan. established in 1986 Garford have been designing, developing and manufacturing farm machinery for progressive farming for over 30 years. SOLD WORLDWIDE Following our success in the UK market, we have expanded to become the truly global company you see today. Garford are recognized as a world leader in specialized precision guided hoes row crop equipment Garford Farm Machinery Ltd are a development, manufacturing and distribution company supplying high quality products to the UK and world agricultural market. Specializing in row crop equipment Garford are recognized as a world leader for their range of Robocrop Precision Guided Hoes and Robocrop InRow Weeders. The Robocrop range of products use video cameras and image analysis computers to locate crop position and then guide the hoes quickly and accurately. View our products Latest news Garford Farm Machinery and Zürn Harvesting join forces Mechanical weeding becomes intelligent Zürn and Garford to cooperate The cutting platform and field research technology specialist Zürn Harvesting has acquired a majority stake in the English hoeing technology manufacturer Garford Farm Machinery Ltd.... Read full article The Garford brand is built upon listening to the customers' needs and then, through the custom build manufacturing facility, Garford can provide for the exact needs of the individual. Upcoming events 03/10/2019 Carrot Demonstration Day Annual British Carrot Growers Association Demonstration and Trade Exhibition will be held at DN14 0FL hosted very kindly by M... 10/10/2019 - 16/10/2019 AgriTechnica 2019  AGRITECHNICA – the worldwide meeting point for the agricultural machinery sector! Innovations, Trends and Visions. This is where innovations are launched,... 20/11/2019 - 21/11/2019 Midlands Machinery Show 2019 https://www.midlandsmachineryshow.com/ Contact us on +44(0)1778 342642 or info@garford.com Garford Farm Machinery Ltd, Frognall, Deeping St James, Peterborough, PE6 8RP, England © 2019 Garford Farm Machinery Ltd   |   All rights reserved   |   Cookie Policy   |   Privacy Policy   |   Website design by Kall Kwik Peterborough English 