Foucault: bearing heaters, induction heaters, Nedcan, induction heating, heaters, bearings, industrial products, Motion Industries, Applied Industrial Technologies, special tools, special tooling, industrial toolssuppliers, distributors, manufacturers, train wheels, gear wheels Foucault International Corporation TM 1-800-655-6065 email:sales@foucaultintl.com Foucault Induction Heaters for mounting of bearings in production and maintenance Click to view details on Standard Models 22 Series - 3.5kVA   |  38 Series - 10 to 31.5kVA   |  Super, Giant - 31.5kVA to 50kVA+ FOUCAULT INDUCTION HEATERS Investing in a Foucault heater means investing in Quality, Relaibility and Safety. Foucault heaters are produced in accordance with European (CE) and International (IEC) health and safety requirements. Induction heating is a superior heating method. Preheating is not necessary. Depending on their weight, bearings can be heated up to 250°F in seconds/minutes without loss of prelubrication. Foucault induction heaters are versatile and can be use to heat a wide variety of gears, rings, couplings, bearings, etc. • SAFE AND CLEAN: THE ENVIRONMENTAL FRIENDLY ALTERNATIVE TO MOUNT BEARINGS Induction heating is a safe and environmental friendly alternative to traditional heating methods, such as blow torches, oil baths, ovens and hot plates. These (expensive) methods produce smoke, fumes and oil waste and are hazardous to personal safety and working environments. • FAST AND WITHOUT DAMAGE Damage during mounting can be avoided when bearings expand cylindrically by means of even induction heating.   • ERGONOMIC Our unique swingarm construction of the yokes allows the operator to have both hands free to safely and easily handle the heated workpieces for mounting. This allows for a quicker transition to the shaft which reduces the time for the workpiece to cool off. • NO NONSENSE Foucault Induction heaters are practical, easy to use, no-nonsense tools. These are industrial heaters built for industrial environments.    FULL SERVICE REPAIR FACILITIES 24/48 Hour turnaround time! NIST and standard commercial temperature calibration available. We accept trade-ins! Call or email for details. Foucault International Corporation TM Toll Free: 1-800-655-6065 (772) 978-1385 Fax: (407) 804-6122 4020 43rd Ave. • Vero Beach, FL 32960 USA email: sales@foucaultintl.com    Made in the USA All content contained within this site is the property of Foucault International Corp. and cannot be copied or used in any way without the expressed written permission of Foucault International Inc.  © 2013 Foucault International Corp. 