Camera Link Devices - Vivid Engineering Camera Interfacing Products Vivid Engineering Home Products Camera Link Cables Ordering Support Mature Products Start Superstats code version 3.0b. Copyright 1997-2001 MyComputer.com, Inc. More info available at http://www.mycomputer.com End Superstats tracking code. Start content section Vivid Engineering offers a broad range of camera interfacing products including Camera Link: Video Splitters Repeaters   Converters to/from LVDS - RS-422 - HD-SDI - HDMI - DVI Selectors Camera Simulators (Test Pattern Generators) Breakout Box Cables Custom Engineered Solutions Please scroll down for new, future, and featured products. Visit our Products page for a categorized listing of all products , or click here to download our product brochure (pdf).     Now offering high-quality Camera Link cables.  Please visit our    Camera Link Cables    page ... New Product:  Simulator Supports Camera Link v2.1 Video Formats   The CLS-221 Camera Link Simulator is an affordable, high-performance video test pattern generator that supports all video formats including those introduced in the new version 2.1 specification.   Fully programmable video timing enables the CLS-221 to mimic the characteristics of almost any camera.  New features include enhanced timing performance, bayer color support, and additional video patterns.     Click here  to go to the CLS-221 product page... Product Preview:  Camera Link v2.1 Simulator with PoCL   The CLS-222 Camera Link Simulator is a PoCL version of our new CLS-221 shown above. The CLS-222 features the smaller SDR/HDR connector typically used with PoCL cameras and frame grabbers.  The CLS-222 detects power and mimics PoCL camera characteristics at both connectors, supporting newer PoCL cameras. Very useful for the development and test of PoCL frame grabbers or other acquisition devices.     Available summer 2019.  Click here for a preliminary data sheet (pdf). Featured Product:  Camera Link to HD-SDI / HDMI / DVI Converter   The CLT-371 Camera Link Translator converts Camera Link to HD-SDI, enabling the use of Camera Link cameras with HD-SDI monitors, etc. Camera Link to HDMI and Camera Link to DVI are also supported via an inexpensive external adapter. The CLT-371 works with most color and monochrome base-configuration cameras. Output format is either 1920x1080 or 1280x720.   No special programming is required; configuration is via rear-panel switch settings. Click here  to go to the CLT-371 product page... Or click   here for a categorized list of all our products... David Johnson chats with a colleague at Vision Stuttgart   All Vivid Engineering products are made in the USA, housed in sturdy aluminum enclosures, and are backed by a 3-year warrantee.   We welcome international customers.  Please visit our ordering  page for more information...   Vivid Engineering is committed to meeting the needs of vision professionals.  Our standard products can often be customized to meet your special requirements.  We are continuously exploring additional product offerings and welcome your suggestions.   Camera Link Member Company Automated Imaging Association Member 415 Boston Turnpike, Suite 305  ▪ Shrewsbury, MA 01545 ▪ USA phone 508-842-0165 ▪ fax 508-842-8930 email info@vividengineering.com ▪ web www.vividengineering.com End content section 