Flow Control Valve | Solenoid Valve Manufacturers - TAICIN English English Español Français Deutsch العربية Türkçe 日本語 中文 (繁體) TAICIN L.S. CO., LTD. - Taicin is an outstanding company devoted to the professional production and selling of hydraulic valves. Since it was established, Taicin comply with business philosophies of Professional, Quality, and Service. Taicin produce products with precision machining and check manufacture process strictly. Taicin strive to supply products of excellent quality with professional technology and R&D efforts, accompany with considerate service for customer's satisfactory. Call Us 886-6-253-1812 Home Homepage Company Company Profile Company Profile Products Product Category Oil hydraulic pump Directional Control Valves Pressure Control Valves Flow Control Valves Modular Stack Valves Proportional Valves Logic Valves Accessories Care in Application Press release Foreign exhibitors information MANUFACTURING MYANMAR 2017 STEELFAB 2018 WIN EURASIA 2018 INTERMACH &SUBCON 2018 QC Quality Control Contact Us Contact Info. Dealer Privacy Policy Privacy Policy Privacy Policy Improved quality & Strengthened business Provide excellent product by precision machining Innovated R&D & Sustaining Creativity Standardized manufacture process Who we are Taicin is an outstanding company devoted to the professional production and selling of hydraulic valves. Since it was established, Taicin comply with business philosophies of Professional, Quality, and Service. Taicin produce products with precision machining and check manufacture process strictly. Taicin strive to supply products of excellent quality with professional technology and R&D efforts, accompany with considerate service for customer's satisfactory. Read More What we do Taicin is guided and technically supported by a well-known Japanese hydraulic company. With professional technologies and experience in the production of hydraulic components, and the continuous development and production of hydraulic-related products, Taicin products is widely used in various types of hydraulic machines and machine tools and sold around the world. Read More Hot Products Hot Solenoid Valves Hot Solenoid Valves The machine operation is engaged by the hydraulic solenoid valve which... Read More Hot Gear Pumps Hot Gear Pumps One gear or more than two gears sealed in a housing, the meshing of the gear... Read More Hot Cartridge Valves Hot Cartridge Valves Cartridge valves features simple structure, fast switching speeds, good... Read More Hot Hybrid Energy Saving System Hot Hybrid Energy Saving System Hybrid energy saving system controls the required pressure and flow rate... Read More Press Release MANUFACTURING MYANMAR 2017 Date: 20-22 October 2017 (Friday-Sunday); Location: Yangon, Myanmar. Myanmar is the last paradise with good investment opportunity... Read More STEELFAB 2018 Date: 15-18 January 2018 (Monday-Thursday); Location: EXPO CENTRE SHARJAH. The most prominent annual trade show in Middle... Read More WIN EURASIA 2018 Date: 2018/3/15(四)-3/18(日)；Location : TUYAP Fair Convention and Congress Center WIN EURASIA is the most professional,... Read More Contacts 886-6-253-1812 taicinls@taicinls.com.tw No. 28, Lane 337, Jong-Jeng Rd., Yung-Kang District, Tainan City 710, Taiwan Information Home Company Products Press release QC Contact Us Privacy Policy Our Recommendation High Pressure Solenoid Valves (HKSC) Featuring wet solenoid mechanism, configurations for vibration elimination or low pulse voltage are available. Read More Vane Pumps Low noise, low pulse, high efficiency, fast response time, stable performance, long product lifetime. Read More Piston Pumps Low noise level, swash plate axial design, pressure-compensated function, minimum power loss, the oil temperature rise is alleviated and energy is saved as a result. Read More Copyright © 2019 TAICIN L.S. CO., LTD. All Rights Reserved. Consulted & Designed by Ready-Market . Social Bookmark cache: GMT 2019-07-10 02:31:24 ## b025d43623661191863688fc3076e38a.cache 