PDQ Tools | PDR Tools|Paintless Dent Repair Tools|PDR Training|PDQ Tools Header Top div created to move login/social media buttons above main header Log in | Sign up 1-888-775-8665 Moved Header Above Site-Wrap to Make it Full-Width New wrapper for header-right items added and Search Form moved to Header Search <em>0</em> <span>items in your cart</span> Shopping Cart Home About us FAQ/Warranty Contact Us Products Account Cart Search New Items PDR Tool Sets Individual PDR Tools Blade Tip Tools Blunt Tip Tools Knife Tip Tools Pick Tip Tools Sharp Ball Tip Tools Flat Bars 1/8" Diameter Tools 3/16" Diameter Tools 1/4" Diameter Tools 5/16" Diameter Tools 3/8" Diameter Tools 7/16" Diameter Tools 1/2" Diameter Tools 9/16" Diameter Tools Specialty Tools Interchangeable Tip Tools Ratcheting Handle Tools Whale Tail Tools PDR Lights and Reflector Boards Accessories DVD Training Hole Cutters, Bits, Plugs & Clips Plugs Blair Cutters Rotabroach Bits Clips Glue Pulling Glue Pullers Glue Tabs Glues and Glue Guns Carts, Seats & Tool Storage Home About us FAQ/Warranty Contact Us Search New Items PDR Tool Sets Individual PDR Tools Blade Tip Tools Blunt Tip Tools Knife Tip Tools Pick Tip Tools Sharp Ball Tip Tools Flat Bars 1/8" Diameter Tools 3/16" Diameter Tools 1/4" Diameter Tools 5/16" Diameter Tools 3/8" Diameter Tools 7/16" Diameter Tools 1/2" Diameter Tools 9/16" Diameter Tools Specialty Tools Interchangeable Tip Tools Ratcheting Handle Tools Whale Tail Tools PDR Lights and Reflector Boards Accessories DVD Training Hole Cutters, Bits, Plugs & Clips Plugs Blair Cutters Rotabroach Bits Clips Glue Pulling Glue Pullers Glue Tabs Glues and Glue Guns Carts, Seats & Tool Storage Home About us FAQ/Warranty Contact Us Featured Items 3- Piece Interchangeable Rod Set (INC-3) 1/2 Dia. 26", 36" & 46" length $199.00 Add to Cart Slide Hammer Kit (GP-SLKIT) PDQ Tools $249.00 inventory is managed and stock qty is 0 or less but item can still be purchased Available for pre-order Add to Cart Mini-Lifter Kit (DMK) PDQ Tools $239.00 Add to Cart P408 (38H26A-RCT-S) 3/8” Dia., 26“ Length, Ratcheting Blade $80.00 Add to Cart PBW Set 1.25" Head, 10", 20"&30" length $189.00 inventory is managed and stock qty is 0 or less but item can still be purchased Available for pre-order Add to Cart PDR Tool Set Intermediate 16 pieces PDQ Tools $650.00 inventory is managed and stock qty is 0 or less but item can still be purchased Available for pre-order Add to Cart 24" Amber Fire Reflector Board with Loc-Line and Suction Cup (AFB-24-SC) PDQ Tools $109.00 Add to Cart PDR 12-Volt Dent Light (PL-JM12Volt) PDQ Tools $162.95 Add to Cart 12-Volt PDQ Quik-Lite (PL-QLITE) PDQ Tools $152.00 Add to Cart 5-Piece Whale Tail Tool Set with 3/4" Wide Heads (PW) .75" Head, 5",8",16",24"&32" Length $275.00 inventory is managed and stock qty is 0 or less but item can still be purchased Available for pre-order Add to Cart Adjustable Door Strap (LDS-01) Adjustable Door Strap $30.00 Add to Cart Flat Bar Set (FBSET-2) PDQ Tools $68.60 Add to Cart PDQ Tools is the leading provider of PDR Tools, Paintless Dent Repair Tools. As the world's leading supplier of pdr tools, and paintless dent removal products, we are committed to providing only the highest quality tools and equipment. All of our paintless dent repair tools are constructed using either high carbon spring steel or heat-treated stainless steel, providing a combination of superior strength and durability. This allows us to offer to you, a Warranty   on all of our PDR products. In fact, we are so confident in our tools, we offer a 3 0-Day Money Back Guarantee !  What Is Paintless Dent Removal? Paintless Dent Removal is a highly skilled process in which minor dings and dents are removed from an automobile's exterior without creating the costly and time consuming need for traditional body shop repairs. The PDR process involves the use of custom designed dent removal tools, pdr tools, that are applied to the inside skin of a vehicle's sheet metal. To begin the repair process, a pdr technician gains access to the inside skin of the metal via an automobile's windows, headlights or other access point. A fluorescent or LED light is then used to illuminate the damaged area. The technician then walks the tip of the dent removal tool with leverage, over the damaged area in a fluid, pumping motion. In less than an hour, dings and dents become "massaged out” without any damage to the paint. Trained PDR technicians are able to repair dings and dents on any panel of any metal vehicle, as long as the paint has not been fractured or damaged prior to the repair process. FAQ’s Regarding Paintless Dent Removal: What size dents can be repaired? We can repair most non-collision dents. The limiting factor is the relationship between the dent's depth and diameter. A large shallow dent is much more repairable than a small extremely sharp dent. Dents caused by car doors and hail stones are typically completely and permanently removed without any signs of a repair. Larger dents often can only be detected by a trained eye. Most customers are completely amazed and wish they would have known about our service sooner. Is Paintless Dent Removal covered by insurance? Absolutely. Insurance companies around the country have embraced PDR. When removing hail damage, PDR saves them money on paint, materials, and rental cars. Minor dents such as door dings and shopping cart dents cost less to remove than your insurance deductible. Are dings only removed from doors? We remove dings from all panels including your car's roof, trunk, and hood. Does your door panel need to be removed? In most cases your door panel does not need to be removed. PDR Technicians have specially designed metal tools that slide behind collision bracing. There are many access areas already on you car or truck. Do we use dry ice? There is a nationwide perception that dents disappear when you place dry ice on the surface of a heated dent. Because each dent varies in size, shape, depth, and location, dents cannot be removed using this method.. We don't use any heating or cooling. Dents are removed using the same method throughout the U.S. How long does it take? Most dents can be removed while you wait. Individual dings take anywhere from 5-30 minutes depending on the size and location of the dents removed. Call Toll Free: 888.775.8665 or Email us at: sales@pdqtools.com site-wrap Home About us Contact Us My Account Shipping Policy Return Policy Privacy Policy Cart Help Hail Reports from NOAA What is PDR? Link to Us Industry Links Sign-up for VIP Tool Specials Collections Copyright © 2019 PDQ Tools . All Rights Reserved. Site by Global Web Design Powered by Shopify Back to top 