SWF Commercial Embroidery Machines | SWF East Call us on (573) 866-3676 Mail us at sales@swfeast.com Visit us in  Rt. 2 Box 100 Patton, MO 63662 Home Embroidery Machines SWF 1501C Single Head Compact Machine 1501T Standard Single Head 4 Head Machines 6+ Head Machines Used Embroidery Machines Embroidery Software Getting Started Accessories Contact Welcome to SWF Commercial Embroidery Machines Stitch It International has been in the embroidery machine business for decades and we're proud to have the most experienced people in the industry to help you choose, purchase, and get up and running in the embroidery business. We have been selling used embroidery equipment since 1991. Now we've branched out and added a new product to our lineup specifically designed with our customers in mind! You'll get the same great reliability, amazing support and high quality training that you've come to expect from Stitch It Intl with used machines but now with our new brand, SWF. In fact, we're so confident about our new product line, SWF, that we're offering an amazing Trade Up Guarantee! Learn more here.  This website has been built as a resource for YOU, where we answer your questions about the equipment and supplies you'll need to start your business, like "how to price embroidery work", and "choosing the right equipment".   So look around, do your research on SWF machines, then go to Contact Us or give us a call today.  If you're not quite ready yet, just sign up for our newsletter at the bottom of the page and we'll keep you up to date on commercial embroidery machines and the embroidery business. Get A Quote Company First Name Last Name Email Address: Phone Number State Select one... Alabama Alaska Arizona Arkansas California Colorado Connecticut Delaware District Of Columbia Florida Georgia Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York North Carolina North Dakota Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Pennsylvania Rhode Island South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virginia Washington West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming Machine Type Additional Comments Subscribe to Our Mailing List Thank you! Your submission has been received! Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form Looking for Supplies? Stitch It International has been in the embroidery machine business for decades and we're proud to have the most experienced people in the industry to help you choose, purchase, and get up and running in the embroidery business. Thread Backing Replacement Parts Video: Quick Change Cap System Stitch It International Other Brands Used Embroidery Machines Embroidery Parts, Accessories & Supplies New Embroidery Machines Contact us (573) 866 3676 sales@swfeast.com (573) 866 3823 Rt. 2 Box 100 Patton, MO 63662 USA Follow us Facebook YouTube Instagram Begin MailChimp Signup Form Subscribe to our mailing list Mailing Lists Stitch It International SWF Embroidery Parts & Accessories real people should not fill this in and expect good things - do not remove this or risk form bot signups End mc_embed_signup Embroidery Machines SWF 1501C Single Head Compact Machine 1501T Standard Single Head 4 Head Machines 6+ Head Machines Used Machine Inquiry Need Parts / Supplies? Our sister company, siistore.com can help you find the exact part you're looking for. Copyright © Stitch It International, Inc | Privacy Statement [if lte IE 9]><script src="https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/placeholders/3.0.2/placeholders.min.js"></script> <![endif] 