Standard Pneumatic & Electric Tool Company - A Division of JDV Products Inc. Start Image Preload Script End Image Preload Script A Division of JDV Products, Inc. SP 3480 External Torque Clutch To all Standard Pneumatic Customers: JDV Products Inc. is proud to announce the acquisition of Standard Pneumatic & Electronic Tool Company from the Hamilton Group. JDV will be handling all sales, warranties, and repairs for all Standard Pneumatic items including wire wrapping tools, pneumatic screwdrivers and nut runners, torque tools, along with additional accessory items. Eva Dvorak, President of JDV, released the following statement: "The purchase of Standard Pneumatic greatly enhances JDV's position as an industry leader in the Telecom and Electronic markets due to their thirty-years of tool making excellence, innovative products, and outstanding service. It will surely compliment JDV's current specialty of manufacturing wire wrapping tools, expertise in pneumatic and cutting tools, as well as adding to JDV's high quality manufacturing capabilities and processes." Read complete Press Release Standard Pneumatic Shortcuts Ordering Information Request a Catalog Technical Support Obsolete Parts & Replacements Request a Returned Materials # Standard Pneumatic & Electric Tool Company was established in 1961 as a manufacturer of small air motors, and now offers a full range of products for the light assembly industry. In 1963, in conjunction with Western Electric, Standard Pneumatic produced the first of our wire wrapping products. Today, JDV Products is looked upon as an expert in manufacturing wire-wrapping tools based on our 25+ years of experience. We provide high-quality tools to the Telecom, Electronic, and Assembly Industries. JDV Products is known for high quality products, competitive pricing, fast delivery, manufacturing experience, and our ability to come up with new design innovations to help reduce ergonomic health issues. As you can see... "JDV is your connecting solution for all your telecom & electronic needs." Copyright 2000 Standard Pneumatic and Electric Tool Co. All Rights Reserved.   Terms of Use    Privacy Statement   