Textile Machinery and Equipment preloader start preloader end header start logo start logo end mega menu start mega menu end alternate menu appear start alternate menu appearing here ... alternate menu appear end header end hero section Textile Industry <h3 class="text-uppercase">We Love to design the impossible</h3> hero section body content start 22 JULY 2017 Best fabric for swimwear Whether you are shopping for a new swimsuit or you decided to sew one of your own, choosing the right fabric might be just as important as, say, choosing the colour and pattern that best suit you. However, finding the best swimsuit material can be rather tricky as there are several options to choose from and each of them has its pros and cons. So, imagine. It's a hot summer morning and you have a day off. You go out into your back garden, install a brand-new Intex Easy Set pool and decide to have a swim. What are the most important qualities that you would like to have in your swimming suite? Is it durability? Or stretch? Or maybe both of them? Whatever your expectations and goals are, it is crucial for you to make the right choice, regarding the swimsuit material. Nylon There is a fairly good chance that if you pick up any piece of swimwear nowadays, it will contain at least a small portion of nylon in it. And actually there are a few reasons for that. Firstly, nylon is lightweight and soft, which makes it a smooth fit. Secondly, it has an ability to wick moisture from skin and then dry quite quickly. Yet, this fabric doesn't come without disadvantages: it's not chlorine-resistant and fades on the flip side after prolonged periods of sun exposure. Polyester A fabric that at one time really dominated the world swimwear industry is polyester. It seems to have all the qualities needed for such a type of clothing: it is strong, resilient, soft, durable, chlorine and UV resistant. On the other hand, polyester is heavier and not as stretchable, as, for instance, nylon, although they both look really similar. However, new technologies have done a lot to improve the quality of polyester and substitute for some of its flaws. PBT, or polybutylene terephthalate, has a much faster speed of drying up and it is almost as elastic as nylon. More than that, it is lightweight due to its ability to repel water. Cotton When nylon and polyester were not yet discovered, and even for quite some time after they were, cotton had been widely used for making swimsuits. One may still use it on that purpose and achieve a vintage look for one's swimwear, although it will be a completely different type. The colour and pattern choices for this fabric are endless as are the styles, so anyone can find what is best to their liking. No, it doesn't dry up quickly but the feel of the material on a hot summer day is, undoubtedly, amazing. classic image post 21 JUL 2019 Coats and Clark Machine embroidery thread Coating Machine So here s the deal: for free motion quilting, I only use . For piecing and applique, I use Gutterman Cotton or Mettler Metrosene. I ve come to use these threads after experimenting and finding what worked the best, not only for my machine, but also my budget. Here s the full story about how I came to use Isacord on my quilts, and so far at least, I haven t been struck my lightning… Continue Reading classic image post classic image post 15 JUL 2019 Textiles Product Design Textile Design Designers and manufacturers use product analysis to help them develop ideas for new or improved products and to analyse the work of other designers. Quality assurance is a system of checks and inspections to ensure high standards throughout design and manufacture. Analysing a textile product involves… seo firm sugar land Continue Reading classic image post classic image post 09 JUL 2019 Best basic sewing machine for beginners Machine For Beginners Learning to sew? The first step is to find the right beginner sewing machine. Here are five machines that have the features and ease-of-use for beginners. If you are a beginner in the sewing then you probably want to buy a good machine without going overboard. If you are a beginner on the ultimate sewing… live scribe pen reviews Continue Reading classic image post classic image post 03 JUL 2019 Fabric Design Ideas Textile Design Sometimes it’s hard to find that perfect boyish fabric you’re looking for. Maybe you can’t find it because you’re not even sure what you’re looking for. Or maybe you wish the boy’s section had as many options as the girl’s? Maybe it can. Last CTB, I shared a post about Selecting Fabrics for BOYS. And… Seminole County DUI Lawyer Continue Reading classic image post classic image post 27 JUN 2019 Latest Singer Sewing Machine Singer Currently Viewing: Embroidery & Sewing Introducing the stylish new SINGER® LEGACY™ sewing and embroidery machine. This sleek new machine is packed with features and ready to help you transform your canvas into a masterpiece. Introducing the new SINGER® SUPERB™ EM200 embroidery only machine With… Trucking business loans commercial truck loans . Continue Reading classic image post category Sewing Machine Textile Design Machine For Beginners Portable Sewing Machine Tools And Equipment Latest Technology Singer Industrial Sewing Machine Textile Industry Industrial Revolution Coating Machine Screen Printing Brother follow us More Best carpet cleaning method Education in Japan includes family culture Facts about business - Manufacturing Maison intelligente : tout ce qu'il faut savoir sur la domotique What does digital solutions mean? How A Vehicle Finance Calculator Can Help You body content end footer start 1 Textile Industry popular posts Brother Sewing Machine Catalogue Weaving instructions beginners Singer Sewing Machine electric New fabric Design Second Hand Sewing Machines eBay quick link Home Contact Sitemap RSS Related Posts Copyright © 2019 · All Rights Reserved | www.chinarongxin.com footer 1 end Placed js at the end of the document so the pages load faster common scripts LiveInternet counter /LiveInternet 