Ceramic Kilns, Glass Kilns, Pottery Kilns and Many Other Specialty and Custom Kilns 1       How to Choose a Kiln    What Is A Kiln?    Design Your Own Kiln    Product Videos & Audios    Kiln Wiring Diagrams    On-Line Catalog    Replacement Parts    Books & DVDs    Kiln Control Systems    Photo Download    Product FAQ's    Furniture Kits / Shelf Kits    Kiln Accessories & Supplies    Kiln Warranty (Guarantee) Registration    Ordering Checklist    Sales Materials    Gallery    Kiln Usages    Find A Local Distributor    Receiving a Kiln Shipment    Support Videos & Audios    Instruction Manuals    Operation FAQs    Kiln Wiring Diagrams    Kiln Pointers    Kiln Pointers Newsletter Signup    Troubleshooting    Ask The Kiln Guru    Track Your Shipment    Resource Links    Support Forums    Kiln Technicians    New Products    Seminars    Shows & Events    Industry News    News Archive    Becoming A Reseller    Wiring Diagrams    Photos    Sales Materials    Shipping to Canada & Mexico    11 Ways Paragon's Website Will Help Your Business    Freight Estimates    Company Videos    Testimonials    Paragon People    Fast Facts    Top 10 Reasons To Buy    Company History    Our Kilns    Paragon Factory Tour    Media    Paragon's Green Statement    Terms & Conditions   Contact Us   Driving Directions Glass    Bead Kiln    Glass Blower's Crucible Furnace    Glass Kilns    Lamp Working Kilns Ceramics / Pottery    Ceramic Kilns    China Painting Kilns    Pottery/Ceramic and Glass Jewelry    Enameling Kilns    Pottery Kilns    Silver Clay Kilns    Wax Burnout Furnaces Industrial    Industrial Furnaces    Heat Treating Furnaces    Knife Making Furnaces    Custom Furnaces Discontinued    Discontinued Models One Minute Survey - Put Heading For Survey Here - May we have your opinion? Click here for a quick survey - this is home page content text that is needed to help explain the company and their products. Do not delete - Paragon Industries, located in Mesquite, Texas manufactures quality kilns and industrial furnaces . We build specialty kilns for ceramics, copper enameling, glass fusing, slumping, pottery, heat treating, silver clay, PMC, Art Clay Silver, raku jewelry, and much more. Our kilns come in a variety of chamber shapes and sizes. Select between top or front loading. We build industrial furnaces for heat treating, dental, and knife making. We can even manufacture custom kilns and furnaces to your exact specifications. Over the years we have designed thousands of custom furnaces. So, chances are good that the design you need is already in our files. If you need an industrial furnace, get an estimate from us. Find out if you have been spending too much elsewhere. Customer Creations A finished piece created by a Paragon customer using one of our kilns or furnaces. Tour the Paragon Factory with Alec Steele Recently Alec Steele produced this video of the Paragon factory. Join him as he takes you through the laser cutter section, the firebrick department, the assembly lines, and the kiln inspection area. Click below to see still photos of the factory tour. Find out how the video was produced. Click here to see still photos. - Put Youtube link address above. this is an example of how this video needs to be above ... don't delete below this line .. <iframe width="420" height="315" src="http://www.youtube.com/embed/0gP56RtKEFM" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> - Paragon Announces New Digital Kiln Controllers Paragon kilns are now shipping with updated digital controllers engineered by the Orton Ceramic Foundation. The new Sentry 3.0 12-key and Sentry Xpress 5.0 3-key controllers can be customized by the kiln owner in many ways. The Sentry 12-key has 35 Ramp-Hold programs, and the Sentry Xpress 3-key has 25 programs. Each program has 20 segments. The Circuit Board The memory chip on the new controllers has improved protection from electrical noise and heat. Ferrite beads are built into the circuit boards to protect the thermocouple wires from electrical interference. The new controllers have twice the memory of the previous ones. On the new controllers, you can disable the audible buzzer by removing a jumper on the back of the circuit board. Temperature selection between F and C is now through Options on the 3-key controllers instead of removing or adding a two-pin jumper on the back of the earlier 3-ke ... READ MORE The Artists Who Developed Glass “Weaving” Eric Markow and Thom Norris are noted for creating woven glass kimonos, which have been called “impossibly beautiful.” The kimonos weigh an average of 125 pounds. Eric and Thom fire their glass in nine Paragon kilns. “Now that we’ve done all our testing, and have actually cooked sculpture in the Pearl-56, it is our favorite kiln and we love the even, consistent heat,” they said. Q. When were you introduced to glass fusing? A. Thom: In 2002, our good friend Nancy Weisser (also our glass distributor) invited us to attend a class involving glass powders in a kiln. We were completely absorbed by the glass making process and intended to purchase a kiln to make our own colorful custom glass for our windows. Once we started playing with the warm/hot glass, we never made another stained-glass window. We now have nine Paragon kilns. Q. Who are the most interesting glass teachers you have studied under? A. Thom: We are mostly self- ... READ MORE Paragon Industries, L.P., 2011 South Town East Blvd. Mesquite, Texas 75149-1122 1-800-876-4328 Fax: 972-222-0646 Contact Us Follow on: Home Home Privacy Statement Legal Notice Paragon's Green Statement Where To Buy Kilns Resellers About Us Contact Paragon News & Events Support Kiln Technicians Kiln Support Products Bead Kiln Glass Blower's Crucible Furnace Ceramic Kilns China Painting Kilns Enameling Kilns Industrial Furnaces Glass Kilns Lamp Working Kilns Pottery/Ceramic and Glass Pottery Kilns Silver Clay Kilns Wax Burnout Furnaces Heat Treating Furnaces Knife Making Furnaces Custom Furnaces Discontinued Models Begin Constant Contact Active Forms End Constant Contact Active Forms Copyright © 2019, Paragon Industries, L.P. “Custom and standard Kilns and Industrial Furnaces for ceramics, pottery, heat treating, enameling, dentistry, laboratory, and glass fusing. Better Designed Kilns from Paragon Industries!" 