Powder Blenders from Pharmatech Javascript Menu by Deluxe-Menu.com Deluxe-Menu.com content start table row containing top bar start table row containing top bar end table data containing dhtml menu start Home Downloads Contact             table data containing dhtml menu end bannertable start bannertable end welcometable start Pharmatech are specialists in powder blenders and powder processing for the pharmaceutical and allied industries. Pharmatech have many years of experience of designing,manufacturing, installing and servicing powder processing systems. Our unique mix of highly qualified engineers and industrial pharmacists ensures that our customers get the equipment they need. welcometable end introtable start Powder Blenders NIR Blenders - BlendView & PAT Pharmatech design and manufacture a complete range of GMP correct powder blending machines. All sizes are available from laboratory to production scale. Pharmatech are world leaders in applying NIR monitoring technology to blenders. The BlendView PAT System can be installed in any Pharmatech blender. Servolift Hoists & Hoist Blenders Drums Lift and accurately position anything. Max weight up to 6 Tonnes. Max lift up to 17m. Custom built to your requirements. Wide range of high quality stainless steel drums and accessories. introtable end introtable start introtable end introtable start Pharmatech Represents: introtable end introtable start About Pharmatech   Pharmatech are world leaders in powder blending and powder handling technology. Pharmatech is renowned for providing highly innovative, practical solutions to powder handling and processing problems. Our extensive range of GMP correct equipment means that we can supply everything from a small bench top blender right through to complete granulation and blending suites. Pharmatech have the world's largest range of tumble blenders. Whatever your batch size, whether it is just a few grammes or a few Tonnes, we have a blender that will suit . Pharmatech customers include companies of all sizes from all the major ‘blue chip‘ multinationals right down to small start up companies. Please ask us for a reference list. We fully understand the high standards demanded by the modern pharmaceutical industry. Pharmatech is based in Coleshill in England. We have supplied equipment to all continents of the world so even if you are not based in the UK please contact us with your details. We have a network of high quality partners around the world to help you. Pharmatech is a division of Terriva Ltd. and is ISO 9001:2015 registerered introtable end printthispagetable start Sitemap printthispagetable end table data containing copyright info start Pharmatech 6 Forge Mills Park, Coleshill. Warwickshire. B46 1JH. UK Tel. +44 (0)1675 467636 : Tel. 1-855-336-3355 (Toll Free in USA & Canada) info@pharmatech.co.uk Pharmatech is a division of Terriva Ltd. Copyright ©2005-2019 Pharmatech, all rights reserved. Multiblend, FlexiSieve & FlexiCone are Trade Marks belonging to Pharmatech. All Rights Reserved. Reproduction Prohibited unless prior permission is granted in writing. Cookie Policy - This site does not use cookies table row containing copyright info end Start of StatCounter Code for Dreamweaver End of StatCounter Code for Dreamweaver 