 Industrial Plate and Frame Heat Exchangers Industrial Plate and Frame Heat Exchangers Industrial Plate and Frame Heat Exchanger Repair & Cleaning Services Call 800 REGASKT 800-734-2758 <div class="mainNav"><span>< ?php print theme('links', $primary_links, array('class' => 'links primary-links')) ?></span></div> Contact Us About Us Company History Principals Warranty Industrial Heat Exchangers Plate and Frame Platecoil All-Welded Products Brazed Heat Exchanger Other Products Industrial Mixers Centrifugal Blowers & Exhausters Regasketing Services Cleaning Testing Regasketing Field Service Troubleshooting Service Warranty Name: * Email: * Company: * Phone: * Comments: Leader in sales and service of Industrial Plate and Frame Heat Exchangers  We sell Tranter, Inc. Industrial Plate and Frame Heat Exchangers , Welded Heat Exchangers and Immersion coils.   At Process Power we have decades of experience servicing and refurbishing all makes and models of industrial plate heat exchangers and are experts at heat exchanger repair .   For over 20 years, we've specialized in servicing  regasketing Heat Exchangers  and have partnered with industry leaders in the manufacturing of Plate Heat Exchangers , Blowers, Mixers and other related process equipment.   Process Power is dedicated to excellence in providing exceptional service, product knowledge with cost effective engineered products in a multitude of industries including: automotive steel basic metals HVAC chemical textile paint food oil and power generation pulp paper   Our exceptional service is fully equipped to handle every facet of industrial plate and frame heat exchangers including cleaning, testing, regasketing, spare gaskets, spare plates and complete new replacement plate packs.     We help return your plate and frame units to peak efficiency while maintaining excellent service, workmanship and value throughout.   Home   |  Contact Us  |  Site Map  |  Privacy Policy Plate Heat Exchanger Repair | Plate and Frame Heat Exchangers | Heat Exchanger Equipment | Regasketing Heat Exchangers | Heat Exchanger Cleaning | Tranter Heat Exchangers At Process Power, Inc, we specialize in plate heat exchangers. Not only do we sell plate and frame heat exchangers , we also perform plate heat exchanger repair and heat exchanger cleaning services. Contact us today to learn more about plate heat exchangers and services. Plate heat exchangers, sometimes called PHE, are specially designed to transfer heat between two fluids. The fluids are spread out over a large surface area between metal plates. Plate heat exchangers are best suited for heat transfer between medium and low pressure fluids. For high pressure fluids, a brazed plate heat exchanger is generally used. The design of plate heat exchangers usually uses stainless steel for the metal plates because of its strength and high temperature resistance. Rubber gaskets are used to cement the plates into place. The large surface area of the plates allows for a quick transfer, and because each chamber is made thin, the majority of the liquid contacts the actual plate, making the process even quicker. Learn more about the design of a plate heat exchanger . Phone  800 734 2758 // 216 468-1876  fax 216 468-1870, 9601 Granger Road, Garfield Heights, OH 44125, USA    © 2019 PROCESS-POWER, INC. All rights reserved. Web site developed by World Synergy, an online marketing firm . 