Home | Tork Winch Logo Fill out a quote request, Receive Your Free Estimate Call to speak with an expert, 1-866-829-4411 Company Profile About Us What Sets Us Apart Tork Winch Worldwide Products Sheaves and Blocks Multi Winch Series Gymnasium Theatre Specialty Applications Projects Blog contact us Call to speak with an expert, 1-866-829-4411 MENU DESIGN AND MANUFACTURING OF SUPERIOR SPECIALTY WINCHES Sub Menu Sheaves and Blocks Multi Winch Series Gymnasium Theatre Specialty Applications We Have Not Only Seen the Future of Superior Winch Engineering We’re Designing It... Sheaves and Blocks With over 40 years of experience, Tork Winch is able to provide wire rope sheaves you can depend on. View Products Multi Winch Series Our engineers created a full line set that can be used across a wide variety of applications. View Products Gymnasium Ideal for basketball backboards, volleyball nets, hockey arena fixtures and more. View Products Theatre Intricate staging, set movement, and lighting, can all be facilitated by our winches. View Products Specialty We have a solution for your space and application-if not, we’ll create one. View Products GET YOUR FREE ESTIMATE Call to speak with an expert, 1-866-829-4411 WHAT SETS US APART Tork Winch engineers design high quality winches in consultation with our customers to provide solutions for testing, moving, lifting, and stabilizing everything from basketball backboards to space shuttle platforms. You’ll find our patented solutions on some of North America’s most notable projects, and our talented team continues to develop innovative winch solutions for markets around the globe. More importantly, we provide top-quality solutions that require little to no maintenance and are, quite simply, the best winches in the industry. The only thing better than our product is our customer service. Contact us today and see what sets us apart. Call Today Get Your Free Estimate Roger's Centre Toronto, Canada The Toronto Blue Jays wanted to dramatically reveal a banner at their opening home game Learn More IT’S WHAT WE DO You’ll find our patented solutions on some of North America’s most notable projects, and our talented team continues to develop innovative winch solutions for markets around the globe. More importantly, we provide top-quality solutions that require little to no maintenance and are, quite simply, the best winches in the industry. The only thing better than our product is our customer service Call Today Get Your Free Estimate Name Company Phone Email Message Subscribe to Receive Updates and Promotions Submit www.staples.ca Staples needed a system that would allow them to quickly and easily replace their advertisements, and that would also stand up to temperatures as low as -58 degrees Fahrenheit and as high as 104 degrees Fahrenheit. Tork Winch designed, built, and installed these systems in August of 2003, and they have yet to require any maintenance. Staples Advertising www.southernminnesotainspection.com The Products and Service we receive from Tork Winch have been Terrific. I believe the biggest benefit that I have with Tork Winch is their People, they have been Great to work with.  Thanks for letting SMI Company distribute your product. John E Weber President www.playgroundparcs.com I like the way where I can call in anytime and someone is not available there is a return call made to me in a quick and timely manner. Eddie Roth Service Manager www.gym-health.com The quality of Torkwinch products is the highest in the industry.  The biggest benefits to our business of using Torkwinch products are product quality, low and easy product maintenance, favourable pricing and product assurance. Olaf Rabe Vice-President www.cafacilityspec.com I have experienced unparalleled success with Torkwinch products. I recommend Tork Winch to all of my customers knowing that I will be well represented by that recommendation.   Tork W inch is constantly working to improve their product line and refine current products. I have experienced their commitment to quality and have always been impressed with their products. Keith D Miles Project Manager/ Field Service Manager www.bellmedia.ca Bell Media (TSN and CTV) We have been using Tork Winch products in our various Studios for many years and they have been sturdy and reliable. I must say it is a pleasure to deal with a company that has such friendly support! Ginalia Chatzis Bell Media Previous Next www.staples.ca Staples needed a system that would allow them to quickly and easily replace their advertisements, and that would also stand up to temperatures as low as -58 degrees Fahrenheit and as high as 104 degrees Fahrenheit. Tork Winch designed, built, and installed these systems in August of 2003, and they have yet to require any maintenance. Staples Advertising www.southernminnesotainspection.com The Products and Service we receive from Tork Winch have been Terrific. I believe the biggest benefit that I have with Tork Winch is their People, they have been Great to work with.  Thanks for letting SMI Company distribute your product. John E Weber President www.playgroundparcs.com I like the way where I can call in anytime and someone is not available there is a return call made to me in a quick and timely manner. Eddie Roth Service Manager www.gym-health.com The quality of Torkwinch products is the highest in the industry.  The biggest benefits to our business of using Torkwinch products are product quality, low and easy product maintenance, favourable pricing and product assurance. Olaf Rabe Vice-President www.cafacilityspec.com I have experienced unparalleled success with Torkwinch products. I recommend Tork Winch to all of my customers knowing that I will be well represented by that recommendation.   Tork W inch is constantly working to improve their product line and refine current products. I have experienced their commitment to quality and have always been impressed with their products. Keith D Miles Project Manager/ Field Service Manager www.bellmedia.ca Bell Media (TSN and CTV) We have been using Tork Winch products in our various Studios for many years and they have been sturdy and reliable. I must say it is a pleasure to deal with a company that has such friendly support! Ginalia Chatzis Bell Media Previous Next Contact Us USA: TORK WINCH USA LLC 5020 Hazel Jones Road Bossier City, LA | 71111 CANADA: TORK WINCH 125 Bysham Park Drive Woodstock, ON | N4T 1P 1-866-829-4411 sales@torkwinch.com Home Company Profile About Us What Sets Us Apart Tork Winch Worldwide Projects Blog Contact Us Products Sheaves and Blocks Multi Winch Series Gymnasium Theatre Specialty Applications Subscribe Sign up to Receive Updates and Promotions Subscribe Today <ul class="nav copyright justify-content-center pb-2 breadcrumb"> <li class="breadcrumb-item"> <span class="copyright-content">© Tork Winch and Tork Winch Worldwide 2019. All Rights Reserved.</span> </li> <li class="breadcrumb-item"> <a class="copyright-content" href="https://www.torkwinch.com/sitemap/" title="Sitemap">Sitemap</a> </li> </ul> © Tork Winch and Tork Winch Worldwide 2019. All Rights Reserved.  |   Sitemap × Your subscription has been sent! Modal Get Your Free Estimate Name Company Name Email Message Subscribe to Receive Updates and Promotions Submit Optional JavaScript jQuery first, then Popper.js, then Bootstrap JS 