Paratus Industries manufactures embossers, embossing machinery, embossing machines, extrusion machinery, roll engraving, roll building, calenders, calendering machinery, calendering systems, direct electric heated rolls, custom machinery custom machines, material handing, for a variery of industries OUTER PAGE TABLE PICTURE AND BAR TABLE END PICTURE TABLE SPLIT TABLE LEFT SIDEBAR AREA START CONTENT TABLE PARAGRAPH 1 Welcome to Paratus PICTURE TABLE   Paratus Industries is an engineering and manufacturing company specializing in building embossers, calenders and machinery for the plastics and composite extrusion industry.   Additionally, we have a world-class roll engraving department that supplies textured rolls and plates for embossing applications to just about every industrial segment.   Plastic extrusion machinery types include: calibration tables, cooling tanks, haul-offs (pullers), cutoffs (guillotine and saw type), embossers, material stackers, and automated material handling equipment.   Products that are typically made with this type of equipment include; PVC pipe, PVC fence systems, composite, plastic or PVC deck lumber, composite or PVC railings, PVC window components and a wide variety of other products.   We also produce embossers and calendering machinery for a limitless number of industries. These machines emboss or calender all types of material to include, steel, film, plastics, paper, non-wovens, textiles, and composites, to name just a few. A calender uses 2 or more smooth rolls to treat materials with heat and/or pressure to achieve desired results while an embosser uses heat and/or pressure applied by patterned rolls to press these patterns into material for various qualities.   The engraved rolls we produce are used in embossing machinery to press patterns into the materials mentioned previously. Products that are made with embossed patterns range from automotive components to medical films, garage and entry doors, paper napkins and towels, to baby wipes. Materials produced using this type of embossing, or patterning process, are found in many different forms in our homes, at work, in private and commercial transportation, in airplanes and throughout our everyday lives.   In house roll and plate engraving services, coupled with our embossing laboratory services, ensure that customers are provided with the correct solution for their patterning needs. We have stock pattern or have a pattern designed to exacting specifications.   Our innovative Random Pattern Embosser is designed to introduce variety into composite and plastic lumber products. The embosser can be designed in a wide variety of sizes to optimize pattern variation. Why settle for the pattern repeating over and over again when it can be randomized, making the product more natural and unique.   Another innovative product that Paratus Industries has developed is the hollow profile embossing system. This system is specifically designed to emboss hollow PVC deck, fence and post components with very attractive wood grains.   END IMAGE AREA 6                   END IMAGE AREA 6     PICTURE TABLE Contact us | View site map CONTENT TABLE SPLIT TABLE PAGE TABLE BOTTOM PAGEBAR PAGE TABLE COPYRIGHT COPYRIGHT END OUTER PAGE TABLE 