Lifting equipment and Mobile cranes since 1954 - GT cranes Gruniverpal Home Lifting equipment Plastic injection moulding Mobile cranes Cranes for tyre moulding Hydraulic Jacks Special lifting equipment Cranes optional Crane rental/Used cranes About GT Contact us News Fairs Via Provinciale Verzuolo 2, PIASCO [CN], Italy Monday-Friday: 9am to 5pm Saturday / Sunday: Closed +39 0175 79301 info@gruniverpal.it Home Lifting equipment Plastic injection moulding Mobile cranes Cranes for tyre moulding Hydraulic Jacks Special lifting equipment Cranes optional Crane rental/Used cranes About GT Contact us News Fairs Go Choose your language English Italiano Français Deutsch Español Pycckий Português Čeština Türkçe The best range of self-propelled electric cranes and lifting cranes for industrial applications. Since 1954. Request a quote To lift heavy loads that can be moved even in confined spaces GT cranes Gruniverpal. The technology of the future. Since 1954. High level of performance in small spaces. Lifting equipment since 1954. High customization mobile cranes on customer demand Research, innovation, quality. We are GT cranes Gruniverpal. GT cranes Gruniverpal has been producing  mobile cranes and  electrohydraulic lifting equipment  since 1954. It is a reference point for different sectors: from plastics and tyre moulding to automotive , from aeronautics to the military sector. Mobile cranes and electrohydraulic lifting equipment Plastic injection moulding Cranes for presses with clamping forces up to 50.000 kg. The proper solution for absolute precision positioning of press moulds during lifting operations: from plastic injection producers to aluminium foundries . When space is limited its compact dimensions make handling easy, when using a remote or radio control just one operator is necessary to undertake mould changes. Enjoy exceptional levels of performance, thanks to special long-life, hydraulically controlled batteries and extremely competitive maintenance costs. Plastic injection moulding Mobile cranes Mobile cranes and spider cranes with lifting capacity up to 25.000 kg. Lifting capacity of up to 40% more than traditional cranes of equal size.  These  mobile cranes  are suitable for indoor and outdoor use in both civil and industrial environments. Precision handling of these  crawler cranes  series is assured, even in restricted areas, thanks to the rotating boom with 220 degree to the left and right as well as the hydraulic controls. Special long-life batteries and competitive maintenance costs ensure a long life of the products. Mobile cranes Cranes for tyre moulding Cranes for handling molds for the production of tyres Gt cranes Gruniverpal’s technology is also one step ahead in the tyre vulcanization market. For this reason, it is the range of  mobile cranes  chosen by the world’s largest manufacturers of tyres and inner tubes : motorcycles, light vehicles, cars, trucks and heavy equipment, earthmoving, civil engineering, aviation. The universal range of these electric cranes are ideal for lifting awkward loads and handling tyres mould in limited spaces. Cranes for tyre moulding Hydraulic Jacks Hydraulic Jacks and Machine Moving Skates Hydraulic jack options are widely considered as the best when it comes to lifting heavy equipment , machinery and loads . Many industries require such solutions for lifting equipment. A few examples include companies that build equipment parts, companies that run factories requiring heavy machinery, and companies that need to shift mass amounts of food products or livestock feed. Hydraulic Jacks Special lifting equipment Special crane and lifting products series We can provide an unsurpassable level of technology for all kind of lifting request:  customized mobile cranes ,  truck cranes ,  ATEX cranes ,  Ex cranes ,  compact cranes ,  lifting robots ,  aerial platforms ,  lifting platforms ,  special forklifts ,  forktruck on demand ,  trolleys for MBT  (main battle tanks),  compact cranes for maintenance of helicopters. Special lifting equipment Cranes optional Lifting & Optional Handling Equipment A range of optionals reinforces the concept of ‘on demand’ in Gt cranes Gruniverpal’s design and production. Every single detail is viewed as a personalized response to customer needs. Optional for mobile cranes ,  aerial platforms, ATEX crane, compact cranes , lifting robots ,  special lifting machines , in particular for  lifting moulds . Cranes optional We build electric cranes designed for every business need. RESEARCH, INNOVATION, QUALITY. Request a quote for our electric cranes. We lift a wide range of loads with our mobile cranes. We are able to offer you any lifting cranes for industrial applications. The  product customization  is the basis of every our project. Every customer – from large to medium-sized businesses – has their own specific needs. Their demands are the real driver to invest in research and ensure flexibility in the offer. Request a quote for our electric cranes Start your project here. Ask for advice on which crane you require. Do you need an electric self-propelled crane to lift very heavy loads? Do you need to move loads in very tight spaces? If you need a crane for any kind of lifting, please get in touch for advice. Our know-how gained over sixty years of success allows us to offer you the solution to any problem of industrial handling. We are here to help you. Ask for advice on which crane you require GT CRANES GRUNIVERPAL: LIFTING EQUIPMENT SINCE 1954 What we produce Production is diversified: new product ranges from mobile cranes to  aerial platforms  to special lifting machines , in particular for  lifting moulds . STRENGTHS Every customer – from large to medium-sized businesses – has their own specific needs: their demands are the real driver to invest in research and ensure flexibility in the offer. WHAT WE OFFER GT cranes Gruniverpal is a reference point for different sectors: from plastics and tyre moulding to automotive , from aeronautics to the military sector . OUR PHILOSOPHY The most tangible expression of an industry leader that operates according to a vision with broad horizons. Every morning, in fact, those working at Gruniverpal know that: “ The future begins today ”. 0 CRANES DELIVERED 0 HAPPY CLIENTS 0 REGISTERED PATENTS 0 COVERED COUNTRY 0 YEARS OF EXPERIENCE GT CRANES GRUNIVERPAL QUALITY, CERTIFIED QUALITY. The entire range of Gruniverpal machines is certified according to the following international standards: Gruniverpal worldwide: our distribution network Customers GT cranes Gruniverpal Gt cranes Gruniverpal Tranchero was founded in 1954. Gruniverpal starts this way going along with exclusive made in Italy products, anticipating key sector trends. In the sixties, thanks to its record of patents and machines, Gruniverpal was repeatedly awarded the gold medal at the International GrandPrix of Inventions. The production has become more and more diversified. New items range from mobile cranes to aerial platforms up to special lifting machines, in particular for mould lifting. The strict on demand concept of the the product is the key point for a winning philosophy. Contact us GRUNIVERPAL S.r.l Ufficio: Via Provinciale Verzuolo, 2, 12026 PIASCO [CN] - Italy Mail : info@gruniverpal.it P.IVA: IT 00180660045 Phone: +39 0175 79301 Fax: +39 0175 797948 Office hours: Monday-Friday: 8:00/19:00 Saturady and Sunday : closed Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Services Home Lifting equipment Plastic injection moulding Mobile cranes Cranes for tyre moulding Hydraulic Jacks Special lifting equipment Cranes optional Crane rental/Used cranes About GT Contact us News Fairs Newsletter subscribe Subscribe to our newsletter GT CRANES GRUNIVERPAL S.r.l © Copyright 2019. All Rights Reserved. BREAKING NEWS 