Pellet Plant,Small & Large Pellet Mills, Pellet Mill Machine Home about us Product household pellet mill electric pellet mill pto pellet mill diesel pellet mill gasoline pellet mill sawdust pellet mill wood pellet mill industrial pellet mill industrial wood pellet mill industrial sawdust pellet mill pellet plant Small Feed Pellets Line 250-350kgh mobile pellet line 500-800kgh sawdust pellet line other machines hammer mill packing machine wood debaker wood chipper rotary dryer pellet cooler pellet sifter project blog contact us Welcome! Get to know everything about making biomass pellets from GEMCO! Household Pellet Mill Household pellet mill mainly refers to flat die pellet mill, also called small pellet press. It’s very convenient for making pellets at home or for your own purpose.It can be driven by electric engine, pto, diesel engine and gasoline engine. It enjoys light weight and compact structure. Read More Industrial Pellet Mill Industrial pellet mill is ring die designed pelletizer used in pellets making lines with tons of capacity. It’s usually used in large scale pellets making plant with crushing, drying, cooling and sieving, and packing systems, etc. Read More Pellet Plant Pellet plant contains all the necessary equipment for making pellets. Our moveable pellet plant enjoys compact structure and meets all needs for making pellets. Our complete pelleting plant is large-scale pellets making line with tons/h capacity. Read More Successful Pellet Mill Projects 32ton/h wood pellet plant in vietnam The 32ton/h wood pellets manufacturing project in Vietnam is the largest wood pellet plant in Asia till now. Know more about this large wood pellet line now.... 2.5ton/h wood pellet plant in sweden 2.5ton/h wood pellets production plant in Sweden established by GEMCO, has been running well ever since, and earned large benefit for the client.... 1ton/h wood pellet line in uk GEMCO has set up a 1ton/h wood pellet line for its client, whose company offers the turnkey solutions for heating with biomass boilers. ... 1.5ton/h sawdust pellet line in australia GEMCO built a 1.5ton/h sawdust pellet line in Australia. This line has produced large amounts of high quality sawdust pellets ever since.... 1ton/h sawdust pellet plant in bulgaria GEMCO successfully established complate 1ton/h sawdust pellet plant in Gabrovo, Bulgaria in 2012. The palnt has been working well ever since.... 2ton/h wood pellet line in srilanka The 2ton/h wood pellet line in Sri Lanka has been spoken highly. It produces good wood pellets with smooth surface, high density and high combustion value.... 1ton/h wood pellet line in hungary GEMCO workers help its client in Hungary build 1ton/h wood pellet line with 2 sets of 500kg/h ring die wood pellet mill.... 1ton/h wood pellet line in thailand GEMCO has successfully established 1ton/h wood pellet line in Thailand for its client. Here are some pictures of on-site construction.... 4-5ton/h efb pellet plant in Malaysia We have successfully set up a large efb pellet plant in Malaysia. Our customers were very satisfied with our plant, they thought we are the professional manufacturer of pellet machine. ... USEFUL LINKS How to start a wood pellet business？ To start a wood pellet business, you should have stable supply of biomass materials, enough place to build workshop, and all pellet manufacturing equipment. ... How much does it cost to build a wood pellet factory? The cost of a wood pellet factory includes the equipment, workshop, raw material, electricity, labor, transportation, etc. Choosing a favorable place can reduce the cost.... How to increase the output of wood pellet machines? The pellet machine output is determined by the machine types, die sizes, motor power, and raw materials. You can improve the wood pellet output by right operation and regular maintenance. ... Read More FEATURED SERVICE Free raw material testing We can test your own material for making pellets with our pellet machine for you. We will send you pictures, videos or samples of pellets made of your material once the test is finished. Read More Precise budget & customized design for pellet line With rich professional experience, we have successfully made precise budgets and established many pellet projects with diefferent capacities for our customers, and they speak highly of these projects. We are sure that you will be satisfied, too. Read More Quality Machinery and Spare Parts We provide all necessary high-quality machines related to biomass pellets production. Besides, we offer original spare parts like dies and rollers of pellet mill, and guarantee their quality. Both machinery and spare parts can be delivered to you within a short time. Read More Reliable guide in installation, operation and manintenance We offer reliable guide for you to complete pellet plant installation, civil engineering, workshop building, and electric construction, etc, to ensure machines' stable running. Besides, we also train workers on how to operate and maintain machines based on practical conditions. Read More © GEMCO All Rights Reserved. GEMCO has been in biomass pelleting business for over 10 years. Product quality and customer service are both very important to us. We have a large inventory of machine parts, and you can have them anytime you need.We keep our product in stock and ready to deliver once an order is placed. Navagation Home About us Product Project Blog Service Useful links Our Product Household Pellet Mill Industrial Pellet Mill Pellet Plant Other Machines Contact us 86 - 372 - 5965148 86 - 372 - 5951936 info@gemcopelletmills.com 19F, Suite B, Global Trade Mansion, Wenfeng Avenue, Anyang, Henan, P.R.C Top Global Site Tag (gtag.js) - Google Analytics 