Briquetting | Briquetting machines | Briquette machines | Briquetting presses | Briquetting wood - DI PIÙ SYSTEMS Industries Products Services News Portal login Contact us Contact us Industries Products Services About us News Contact us Portal login Leading in machinery for briquetting machines. Biomass Once turned into briquettes, firelogs, or pucks, becomes a valuable eco-friendly fuel. View the products By-products Once turned into briquettes or pucks, guarantee considerably lower storage and transport costs. View the products Grinding sludge That turned into briquettes, allows the recovery of the cutting fluids and coolants, metals, and other valuable materials contained. View the products Metal swarfs That in the form of briquettes, can be conveniently recycled in a smelter. View the products We briquette many materials. Try us ! Follow Di Più Systems. Stay tuned. NEWS American Securities Acquires CPM American Securities LLC, a leading U.S. private equity firm, today announced the closing of its acquisition of CPM Holdings, Inc. (“CPM” or the “Company”) in partnership with the Company’s management team. CPM is a leading global supplier of engineered process equipment to the animal feed, oilseed processing, extrusion and thermal processing markets. Financial terms of the transaction were not disclosed. continue reading NEWS Browse the magazine and find our case study “Combined, Di Più and CPMs’ greatest strength can be found in our core values and commitment to customer success” continue reading upcoming events 16 Sep - 21 September 2019 EMO 2019 Hannover - Germany Metal swarfs 03 Dec - 06 December 2019 WOODEX Moscow - Russia Biomass Di Più Systems is part of CPM Group. We are About us Contact us Portal login Administration login We do BRIK SERIES SLUDGEBRIK SERIES METALBRIK SERIES For what Biomass By-products Grinding sludge Metal swarfs Where Di Più Systems S.r.l. Via dell'Innovazione, 11 36042 Breganze (VI) Italy General +39 0445 300709 Fax +39 0445 307567 info@di-piu.com dipiusystems@pec.it © 2019 DI PIÙ SYSTEMS Part of CPM Group worldwide | Privacy Policy | GDPR | Terms & Conditions | | Change language: English English Russian Italian French German Spanish Portoguese Romanian Di Più Systems . your partner in productivity. 