Used Industrial Sewing Machines Mart Used Industrial Sewing Machines as well as new, Pressing Equipment and Cutting Room Equipment. Established in 1972 you can be  assured of a professional and ethical service. New and used industrial sewing machinery, pressing equipment and cutting room equipment supplied throughout the UK, Ireland and Europe. Parts are also supplied to anywhere in the world. As dealers we are always happy to make an offer for surplus machinery. Telephone us on 07973 782 893 or email colin@cthompson.org.uk with your requirements. Cutting equipment including Laser Cutters and Engravers and new machinery are supplied at very competitive prices as well as a wide range of used machinery. THOMPSON Machines Ltd Intelligent Sewing Solutions Used Industrial Sewing Machines Mart Patterson St, Blaydon, Tyne & Wear, NE21 5SD, England. Telephone 44+(0)7973 782 893, or (0)191 499 0511 Find out about Colin Used Industrial Sewing machines -how to get there Siruba AA-6 bag closing machines Supplying new and used Industrial Sewing Machines , Embroidery , Pressing and Cutting Room Equipment. Purpose built premises near to A1 in Gateshead houses over 400 used industrial sewing machines.. colin@cthompson.org.uk Industrial Cutting tables Industrial Sewing Machines rental s Automatic Webbing, Velcro,Blind, Cutting Machines Household Sewing Machine- Overlock Shop Yamata FY-1501TC With built-in editing software. Auto-thread change, auto-setup, auto-thread trimming, cap frame, stand, hoops, laser tracing! only £6950 Agents for industrial sewing machinery by Brother, Juki, Pegasus, Seiko, Kansai Special, Siruba, Union Special, Treasure, Lewis , Bernina and Maier. Agents for Eastman, Cutex , Sheffield Strip Cutters , Hitaka, KM, Miniroller and Phillips Cutting Knives and cloth spreading equipment. Stirovap , Battistella, Camptel and Casoli Steam Pressing & Ironing Equipment. Oshima and Hashima Fusing & Heat Transfer Press Equipment. Yamata embroidery machine sales .  Other embroidery machines sold when available, Tajima , Toyota , Brother, , SWF. Marathon Embroidery Thread for commercial and home use machines. Help with embroidery designs Pantograms embroidery software, format conversion and utilities Reece Machinery and Parts Bag Closing and other machinery by Siruba. Adler, Durkopp, Mauser and Pfaff. Merrow Style Blanket Whippers and Crochet Shell Edge Overlocks Machinery & Parts for all types of machinery despatched worldwide. Home overlockers by Necchi and Baby Lock  at Online Shop . Export & trade price list     Large range of used Eastman Cutting Knife, Hot Notchers and Cloth Drills.     All machinery is not the same. If quality and value matter to you then    call 07973 782 893 or email colin@cthompson.org.uk with  address and requirements.      If you have any assembly  or finishing problem just send us a sample and we'll be happy to advise on a solution. We can engineer existing machinery or create new ones. By sending us samples  we will be able to supply the right machinery stitched off or set up for your particular job. We won't send any piece of equipment we don't believe right for a particular job. Place this tag after the last +1 button tag. Tajima Embroidery Curtain & Blind special machines Merrow Style Machines Used Industrial Sewing Machines Special Offers How to buy with cards Toyota Embroidery Yamata Embroidery Easy Cutter EC-1 CUTTER. Cordless Electric (Battery) Scissors for Kevlar®, Carbon Fibre, Glass Fibre and Composites. Fast, smooth, clean cuts with no muscle strain or pain! Corresponds to Suprena model EC-235. New All StarAS-100K (2") hexagonal blade cutting knife best quality from Taiwan £189. Worth a little extra. New Emery EC-360 cordless 60mm heavy duty hexagonal blade cutting knife for carpets as Bosch for only £295. Yamata FY-9101 SEMI-OIL COMPUTER CONTROLLED DIRECT DRIVE HIGH-SPEED LOCKSTITCH SEWING MACHINE  (semi dry head) Automatic thread trimmer, reverse-feed and pre-determined back tack. complete on stand 230v £1095 With electric auto foot lift £1290 + v.a.t. Place this tag where you want the +1 button to render. 