Parts Washers | Washers by PD Washer OUTER TABLE MAIN TABLE If You Have Slow Internet Service Try Clicking Here LOOK here Oil Skimmers and The Pure-O-Mid Oil Separator Part Washers Slide Show Click Here < Slide Show > Find the smallest and largest machines in the world. Come to Painter Design & Engineering to find A Machine to Clean your parts and look at our Painting Systems such as e-coat, spray, bake and much more. Look at Painter Design to build your next system. PD Washer at Painter Design & Engineering Painter Design and Engineering has designed and manufactured machinery part washers for the Automotive Industry since 1972 , the Military, and a wide variety of other enterprises. We have become renowned for our problem solving ability to mfg. part washers and our quality in design and manufacturing. Our thirty plus years of experience in designing and building to specifications allows us the know-how and expertise to offer effective proven solutions to our customers requirements for part washer and part washers. We build Standard and Custom designed Part Washers for a wide variety of applications as well as Ovens, Painting Systems, E-Coat, Bar Feeders, Hydraulic Presses and Automation Equipment. Since 1972, Painter Design and Engineering has designed and manufactured machinery for the Automotive Industry, the Military, and a wide variety of other enterprises. We have become renowned for our problem solving ability and our quality in design and manufacturing. Need Parts washers , parts washer, part washer and part washers, we have them!     Just a sampling of what Painter Design and Engineering can do for you Part Washers Bay Washers Engine Block Head Washers Manifold Washers Rotary Basket Washers Painting Systems - Clean, Rinse, Seal, Coat, Bake E-Coat Painting Systems Robotic Paint Systems Robotic Loading & Unloading Phosphate Equipment Plating - Barrel Lines Assembly Equipment Bar Feeders Transfer Lines Conveyors Systems Hydraulic Presses Laser Cutting Service Fabrication Facility Machining + Boring + Machine Shop Begin <!-- NOTE: If you use a ' add a slash before it like this \' Painter Design 37230 26 Mile Rd. New Baltimore, Mi.48047 PHONE: (586) 725-3330 FAX:    (586) 725-3413 E-mail us: info@painterdesign.com Site Counter Web Sites by PD PD Washers Site PD Was Here Site EquipStuff Site Best Washers Site Parts Washers at Biz Site PD Washer Site Painter Design Home Site END TEXT MAIN TABLE OUTER TABLE COPYRIGHT COPYRIGHT OUTER TABLE 