Used Tractors & Equipment | Agricultural Equipment :: Ross Farm Machinery Ltd start Home about us find us principal suppliers principal products new and used equipment exports parts & service hire Contact Used Equipment Start New & Used Equipment Click To View Principal Products Click To View Principal Suppliers Click To View Exports Click To View RFM Grounds Care Click To View Latest New & Used Equipment Click To View RFM Hire Click To View Find Us Click To View NEW & USED EQUIPMENT New and used aqricultural equipment at Ross Farm Machinery UK. We specialise in Massey Ferguson, Fendt, Challenger and JCB tractors, combines, balers and telehanders. //Used Equipment Sections Used Tractors View More Used Telehandlers View More Used Used Combines & Foragers View More Used Balers and Wrappers View More Used Cultivation and Planting View More Used Grassland and Feeding View More Used Potato View More Used Other View More Ross Farm Machinery – RFM – Agricultural Equipment Ross Farm Machinery Ross Farm Machinery Ltd specialise in new and used farming machinery in Ross on Wye, Herefordshire, Gloucestershire, Raglan, Worcestershire and Shropshire and provide farmers with the very best farming equipment from Used tractors, telehandlers, combines and balers from suppliers Massey Ferguson , Fendt, Challenger and JCB. at reasonable prices all backed by a dedicated parts and service support team. We've got Massey Ferguson 3600, 5600, 6600, 7600, 8600,  Fendt 200 to 900 series model tractors, Challenger MT700D and MT800C tractors, JCB Fastrac models and much much more.   RFM offer a superb range of new and used tractors, telehandlers, combines and balers from our Massey Ferguson , Fendt, Challenger and JCB franchises. This excellent line-up is backed up with machinery from market leaders, Kuhn, Great Plains and McHale and complemented by other equipment from Standen Pearson, Bomford, Honda and Joskin. Together, these provide the wide range of products needed to satisfy the diverse farming area which RFM serves. RFM always have available a selection of good, clean new tractors, tele-handlers, new and used combines and balers from all the leading makes. Take a look at our farm equipment  section and see what we have currently available. You will find photos as well as specification and price on the website. We think you will like the selection as well as the prices. All of our agricultural machinery  and equipment is available for export. RFM have been exporting tractors and other new and used agricultural equipment to customers all over the World for many years. The countries RFM export to include France, Germany, Netherlands, Denmark, Sweden, Norway, Finland, Spain, Poland, Italy, Japan, Australia, Canada and of course each of the other EU countries. As an export customer we believe you will be very happy with the experience when dealing with RFM whether it is a tractor for export, a tele-handler for export, a combine for export, a baler for export or any other used agricultural machinery or equipment you purchase for export. RFM also supply equipment for smallholdings , estates and gardens as well as commercial car trailers. See our groundscare website. //Used Equipment Sections contact start RFM - Contact Us Get in touch with us RFM - Ross on Wye 01989 768811 01989 768465 postroom@rossfarm.co.uk RFM - Martley 01886 888987 01989 768465 martley@rossfarm.co.uk RFM - Raglan 01291 690205 01291 690177 raglan@rossfarm.co.uk Map start Principal Suppliers We are proud of our market leading brand offering about us find us principal suppliers principal products new and used equipment exports parts & service hire © Ross Farm Machinery Ltd (RFM) Website Design & Build By www.rgcreates.com FlexSlider 