Acme Gridley - Kitako - Screw Machines - Pride Machinery in Anaheim California URL's used in the movie text used in the movie Largest selection of new automatic screw machines in the United States, Used Machinery, Machinery Sales, Machinery Repair, Machinery Rebuilding, Rebuilt Machines, Acme Gridley, Davenport, Wickman, Kitako, CNC Multi spindle CNC, Jen-Fab, Ergomat, Screw Machines, Pride Machinery, PRIDE MACHINERY MACHINE TOOL DISTRIBUTOR We have the largest selection of new automatic screw machines in the USA. Multi-Spindle : Wickman Servo, CNC Kitako and Shimada . Single Spindle : 7 Axis CNC . Cleaning Systems : Jen-Fab and Chem Free Or purchase Directly From Us! Pride Machinery has proven it has the knowledge and experience to remanufacture and modernize your multi spindle automatic . Precision and speed of heavy duty single and complound slides with Servo Ball Screws. CNC Control easy to understand display, instant tool offsets, Index error Compensation and Fast Changeovers. Our Team is excited about taking Pride Machinery into the future with a focus on servicing our metal working customers with new products and services. With my 41 year career on Multi Spindle Automatic Machinery to lead us, I feel confident our team can bring our customers up to the global challenges they now face.   Distributor for: Thousands of Cut off blades, Hundreds of Dovetail Blanks, Specialty cutting tools, Attachments for all Automatic Screw Machines , Hardinge Collets and Feed Fingers   Complete Rebuilding & Turnkey Field Service, Engineering, CNC Retrofits, Servo Retrofits Model "B" Project Management Including Rigging, Electrical, Plumbing, re-tooling, Training, QC Sign-off Finance * Leasing Pride has been the premier rebuilder of multi-spindle machinery Coast to Coast for over 22 years. Acme Gridley & Davenport   Large inventory of used machinery available. - Acme Gridley - Davenport - Kitako - Wickman Acme Gridley , Kitako , CNC Automatics , Davenport Service , Wickman 6-26 , Screw Machines , Shimada Multi Spindle CNC  |  Machinery Sales | Machinery Repair Parts | Machine Rebuilding | Used Machinery | About | News | Contact Upgrade Acme Gridley | Privacy Policy | Environmental Policy | Resources | Site map   Copyright © 1997 - 2011, Pride Machinery , Inc. All rights reserved - Site Hosting by StudioWes 