Fox Packaging Services - Pallet Stretch Wrapping Equipment 1.888.918.3691 Home Products Get A Quote About Us Find A Distributor Warranty Product Support Contact Us More Home Products Get A Quote About Us Find A Distributor Warranty Product Support Contact Us Signed in as: filler@godaddy.com Home Products Get A Quote About Us Find A Distributor Warranty Product Support Contact Us FPS Fox Packaging Services 20 Years in Business Low Maintenance. High Quality. Stretch Wrapping Equipment to Solve Your PKG Needs. See Our Products Announcing the New FPS 200 Some of the Features Semi Automatic Wrapper with film Prestretch Easy thread film carriage Flush mounted, full color touch screen display Cycle counter Auto home alignment Much more Learn More LIST PRICE: $6995 USD (Pricing for US Customers) How We Can Help Do You Ship Goods? A high quality pallet wrapper makes the difference between items arriving in perfect condition as opposed to damaged or ruined. Take the pains and uncertainties of shipping out of your business and out of your mind. Make sure your items arrive just as you intend them to and keep your reputation alive. No more wasting time and money, it's time for your business to experience the ease of getting things done with equipment that matches it. That is, great and dependable units that get the job done. Who We Are and How We Can Help You Fox Packaging Services, or FPS for short, is a Canadian manufacturer of  pallet wrapping equipment that has been evolving and inventing packaging  equipment since 1998.  20 years of solid, hardworking, industry tested  equipment with a focus on service.  Not only customer service, which is  our first priority, but on building equipment from a maintenance  perspective.  Building low maintenance, truly dependable equipment. We provide solutions to everyday packaging needs - from manual  applications to fully automated inline systems, FPS works closely with  distributors and clients to make sure that the product fits the application. We don't just build cookie-cutter machines that will wrap 'most' products. We are proud to be a manufacturer that builds innovative custom machinery to suit any application. Have Questions About YOUR Specific Business? Please Contact Us Today! Find out more Our Products Turntables Rotary Arms Orbitals Palletizer Click the button below to see information about the PalletPOD. The mobile compact palletizer. PalletPOD Brochure (pdf) Download Subscribe Sign up to hear from us about specials, sales, and events. Email Address Sign up Contact Us TOLL FREE: 1.888.918.3691 P: 416.289.3699 F: 416.289.8987 E: sales@foxpkg.com   FPS [Fox Packaging Services] 20 Melford Dr, Units 11-12, Scarborough, ON M1B 2X6, CA 1.888.918.3691 Click Here To Send A Message Click Here To Send A Message First Name* Last Name Company* Email* Phone Send Cancel This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Click Here To Send A Message Copyright © 2019 Fox Packaging Services - All Rights Reserved. 