Explosion Proof / Explosion Protected Electrical Products for hazardous locations: R. STAHL, INC. Home R. STAHL Group Products and Systems Downloads Contact Language English About Us Sales Service USA / Canada Products and Systems Industry Solutions Videos Literature Blog R. STAHL In French Career Opportunities 800-782-4357 ###PDFLINK### TYPO3SEARCH_begin Automatically the best solution The IS1+ Remote I/O Find out more Introducing The New Remote I/O Configurator Tool! Configure Intrinsic Safe Solutions for Div 1 or Div 2. Click here to access the configurator!       EPiK Stainless Steel Explosion Protected Circuit Breaker Panels Click here to learn more about our new Explosion Proof breaker panels! Class I, Division 1 Remote I/O Remove the need for Explosion Proof Enclosures! More information New Factory Sealed Power Distribution & Motor Control Now STAHL provides a solution eliminating the need for expensive and labor intensive conduit seals. Click  here  for more information     Factory Sealed Stainless Steel Explosion Protected Motor Starter Let STAHL provide you with the solution you need! Click to learn more about this new technology. Explosion Protection by R. STAHL For more than 80 years R. STAHL has fulfilled a unique role in protecting lives and property in harsh and hazardous (classified) locations. R. STAHL is a leading manufacturer of explosion protection and electrical products. Whether you are looking to expand your business to global markets, or don't have time to custom design each system particular to where it is going in the world, R. STAHL can help. With our universal package of products, you can specify one product for anywhere in the world. Whether you are going to Angola, Russia, Europe, Brazil or Houston, our products will meet NEC, CEC, ATEX, GOST Inmetro and IECEx standards, just to name a few.      USA/CANADA Products  International Products  Factory Sealed Distribution & Control Class I Division 1 Remote I/O View our NEC and CEC certified products and solutions View our Internationally Certified Products for ATEX, IECEx, GOST, INMETRO and more Now STAHL provides a solution eliminating the need for expensive and labor intensive conduit seals.  Click  here  for more information Remove the need for explosion proof enclosures PurgEx Stainless Steel Control Stations Clifford & Snell Barrier Selection Site     Purged and pressurized systems are an ideal method of explosion protection. Click here to learn more about PurgEx  New Explosion Protected Stainless Steel Control Stations More info Explosion Protected horn/strobes Click here to learn more about of Explosion Proof  Horns / Strobes! Select and purchase intrinsically safe barriers and isolators Website       TYPO3SEARCH_end Search Webcode webcode list LinkedIn EXCovery New Explosion Protected Circuit Breaker Panels Power and Controls Electrical Catalog    Sitemap  |  Disclaimer  |  Data Protection Policy BEGIN ProvideSupport.com Graphics Chat Button Code Online Support END ProvideSupport.com Graphics Chat Button Code 