Uniwave - Uniwave Please enable JavaScript to use this web site to the full extent. 请启用JavaScript以使用该页面 請啟用 JavaScript以使用該頁面 Uniwave Home Contact Sitemap Legal Privacy Policy Suchfeld und Sprachauswahl Search slider end header end Products Projectile LF Components Projectile 419F Components Projectile 419 Components Projectile ECO Components Oil for knitting machines Components SK Flutter Blower Components DK Flutter Blower Components Service Downloads mainNav end eyesearch Uniwave Uniwave is a brand of MEMMINGER-IRO. We build and sell accessories to improve the performance of circular knitting machines. Our customers are knitting mills and knitting machine builders (OEM's) worldwide. Why Uniwave? ​Only Uniwave lubricators have patented Anti-Fog Nozzles. They keep the oil on the machine and out of the air. You meet all environmental standards and save oil too when you use Uniwave nozzles. Uniwave nozzles reduce air use. Competitive lubricators can use more than twice the air and cost you money. Uniwave lubricators are very efficient. In fact, much more air (about 5 times!) is used by a machine's uncontrolled blowing system than it's lubricator. But we have a solution to that too. Please see our page on blower savings with our air sequencer (distributor). Uniwave lubricators meet stringent standards for uniform distribution of oil between nozzles. This insures that the machine is lubricated properly. Competitive lubricators often put most of their oil out of one or two nozzles, over lubricating some areas and starving others. This will cause sinker, needle and cam wear. Uniwave Mist lubricators usually include an air preparation package...a filter, regulator and gauge to control compressed air for the blowing nozzles. With other types of lubricators this is a hidden, extra cost. Only Uniwave lubricators are supported by Uniwave's network of agents. Uniwave offers quick delivery of spare parts. Payment may be made via credit cards. Plus our technical help, via phone, fax or the internet is second to none. eyesearch page end eyesearch eyesearch right teaser column end content end © 2011 MEMMINGER-IRO Postfach 1240 72277 Dornstetten Germany info@memminger-iro.de print footer end contenWrapper end container end JavaScripts Clicktracker Cookie Consent https://cookieconsent.insites.com/ cookieconsent 3.0.3 