Xiris Automation – Inspection for Quality Control Home About Us Contact Careers Solutions for Quality Control Open Arc Cameras XVC-1000 XVC-1000e Sub Arc Cameras XVC-S XVC-S for OEMS Tube & Pipe Inspection WI2000 WI3000 Resources Educators Support Events Welding Video Library Tube and Pipe Video Library Blog Home About Us Contact Careers Solutions for Quality Control Open Arc Cameras XVC-1000 XVC-1000e Sub Arc Cameras XVC-S XVC-S for OEMS Tube & Pipe Inspection WI2000 WI3000 Resources Educators Support Events Welding Video Library Tube and Pipe Video Library Blog close .qodef-vertical-align-containers Home About Us Contact Careers Solutions for Quality Control Open Arc Cameras XVC-1000 XVC-1000e Sub Arc Cameras XVC-S XVC-S for OEMS Tube & Pipe Inspection WI2000 WI3000 Resources Educators Support Events Welding Video Library Tube and Pipe Video Library Blog close .qodef-mobile-header Camera Solutions for Weld Inspection and Monitoring Xiris Products Watch the Demo Cameras For Sub Arc Welding Cameras For Open Arc Welding Tube and Pipe Inspection Systems See Our Weld Videos Browse our extensive library of recorded videos covering a wide range of welding & cutting applications Go to Video Library Advanced Technology to Drive Your Quality What our customers are saying. "Indispensable Tool!" The Xiris camera system has proven to be an exceptional and indispensable tool for improved weld quality, process troubleshooting and operator training. Brian Dobben Welding Engineer at Flowserve Corporation "They Really Care!" Xiris staff provide unparalleled service, continually going out of their way to show they really care about their customers and their product. Joshua Hammell Professor at SD School of Mines & Technology "Great Reviews!" We are interested in the WI-2000P System for our small diameter, welded tubing. I have some friends in the industry who have used this system with great reviews. Prospective Customer "Very Impressed!" Since we have been running Xiris Ident Code Verification system fully integrated on all shifts, we have been very impressed with the performance of the system. Dan Middleton Director of Engineering at EMI "Consistent High Quality!" The operators like using the system for its ease of use and instantaneous response to mill adjustments helping them produce consistent high quality tubing. Ed Lassaline Associated Tube Group "Robustly Built!" I would highly recommend Xiris vision systems to anyone that wants a robustly built weld monitoring system that can be custom tailored to your specific needs. Andrew Spreitzer Weld Engineering at Babcock and Wilcox "Very Valuable Asset!" The system has been a very valuable asset to us ... We appreciate and look forward to continued work with Xiris Automation.   Joe Perez Project Management at Panasonic "Instantaneous Feedback!" The scrap reduction due to instantaneous feedback makes this a cost-saving tool for our Tube Mill operators.   Joe Heppner Senior Tube Mill Engineer at Tenneco "Excellent Technology!" Xiris has been a great partner for us. They have excellent technology, and their staff is highly committed and responsive to our needs and to any problems we have. Ryan Holt COO at LJ Welding Start of Async HubSpot Analytics Code End of Async HubSpot Analytics Code close div.content_inner close div.content 1016 Sutton Drive, Unit C5 Burlington, Ontario, Canada Email: sales@xiris.com Phone: +1.905.331.6660 Fax: +1.905.331.6661 About Xiris Contact Us Have Sales Contact You Resources Support Events Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Legal (c) 2018 Xiris Automation Inc. close div.qodef-wrapper-inner close div.qodef-wrapper 