 Industrial Sewing Machines, Parts & Garment Equipment Online in India | IIGM Headertop Start Toll Free: +91 9773946947 BUY online Newsroom Contact Us Associates IIGM Info Headertop End Navigation Start Enquiry Form Home Industries Electrical Laundry Spare Parts Service Training Project Advisory Paper Navigation End Banner Start Banner End Menutab Start Product Development Cutting & Fusing Sewing MID-Process Washing Embroidery & Printing Finishing Attachments & Productivity Aid Automation Spares & Consumables Product Lifecycle Management Plotter & Digitizers CAD Circular Knitting Machines Cutting Software Fabric Inspection Material Spreading Manual Cutting Automatic Cutting Fusing Machines Rib Cutting Machine Bias Slitting and Strip Cutting Hydraulic Clicking Press Single Needle Lock Stitch Machine Post-Bed Machine Safety Stitch / Over Lock Machine Zig Zag Stitching Machine Double Needle Lock Stitch Machine Coverstitch / Flatlock / Interlock Machine Bartacking Machine Chain Stitch Machine Blind Stitch Machine Button Stitch Machine Button Hole Machine Automatic/Computer Controlled Machines Leather & Heavy Duty Machine Flat Seamers Multi needle machine Feed of the arm machines Collar Preparation Machines Shirt Cuff Preparation Machines Pocket Preparation Machines Front Placket Preparation Machines Sleeve Placket Preparation Machines Chemicals for Washing Industrial Washing Machines Industrial Dyeing Machines Industrial Drying Tumbler Dry Processing Machines Used Look Machines Hydro Extractor Ozone Free Industrial Machines Auxiliary Washing Equipments Industrial Dry Cleaning Machine Embroidery Software Single Head Embroidery Multihead Computerized Embroidery Special Application Embroidery Sequin Model Sublimation Manual Screen Printing Automatic Screen Printing Infrared Conveyor Dryers Laser Marking & Cutting machines Digital Printing Rhinestone Shirt Final Finishing Pucker Free & Taped Garment Finishing Casual Trouser Finishing Formal Trouser Finishing Jacket Finishing Formal Jacket Offpressing Wrinkle Free Garment Finishing Needle Detection X-Ray Inspection Conveyor Systems Auxiliary Finishing Equipments Stain/Spot Removing Thread Suction Steam Boilers Ironing Table Puller Attachment Folders & Binders Workaids Thread Suction Machine & Device Thread Trimmers Unit Production System Stackers Automatic Machines Original Parts Industrial Knives Cutting Machine Parts Hooks and Bobbins Sprayway Aerosols Machine Oil Power Saving Motor LED Lights Scissors & Thread Clippers cd-tabs-content Menutab End Business Partners Business Partners Brands that spell Quality, Experience and Trust – brought to you from world over on one platform. Years of experience and knowledge distilled from leaders and stalwarts to guide you to new heights of success and innovation. Manjiro Kondo, who had worked for the Japan Branch of The Singer Company, founded the&... JUKI, Japan is committed to Customers Satisfaction. In an effort to understand the nee... JACK is China's largest manufacturer of Industrial Sewing Machines. JACK machines ... For more than four decades, Gerber Technology has been a world leader in providing sop... IIGM is the sole distributor in India for EAE Electrical Products. We have completed o... Headquartered in San Bernardino, CA, MacroAir is the pioneer of the HVLS (High-Volume,... The SKYCO Skylights Team provides over 150 years of combined technical expertise in th... Wilcom is a leading provider of innovative, quality Embroidery solutions. In 1979, Wil... In 1959, Barudan invented the world’s first multi-head Embroidery machine in Jap... Eastman Machine Company is a Cutting machine manufacturer, providing custom engineered... In May 1956 in the beautiful town of Gifu, Japan, HASHIMA SEWING MACHINE CO., LTD. was... Ngaishing Development limited is a company that specializes in Garment machinery  ... 125 years of experience in special machines, make us competent specialists in Blind st... Eton Systems was founded in 1967 as an offshoot of Eton Fashions, a Swedish  ... Morimoto Mfg. Co., Ltd. was founded in 1927. Its key brand is  Kansai Special whi... Racing Sewing Machine Co., Ltd. was found in 1980’s and we have been developing ... Headquartered in Addison, Illinois, Sprayway has manufactured a complete line of indus... iSharkMart is an IIGM in-house brand for all types of OEM parts, consumables and speci... A professional Indian manufacturing company headed by experienced & highly qualifi... ZHEJIANG BOSHITE LIGHTING CO., LTD is located in Taizhou, which is the largest product... Svegea has over 50 years experience in exclusively designing, manufacturing and instal... The name Tonello is synonymous to an evolutionary company dedicated to an on going res... Triveneta Grandi Impianti srl is a company leader on a world-wide scale in the product... Gerber’s Yunique Solutions offers you the latest Yunique PLM product life cycle ... Global International offers you a wide range of Industrial Sewing Machines named "... We are the custodians of the c-tex brand, known in Apparel manufacturing for   sp... AMIDA Industrial Limited is located in the giant home town Zhongsh... Metod Makina is a renowned manufacturer of Denim jeans Dry process Machinery and Equip... Maple Solutions specializes in the production and supply of specialty chemicals for th... Virtek Vision International, Inc., an Ontario, Canada-based business was acquired by G... Team is our brain…our power. Sharing projects for over 26 years, engineering is... Specialist in Cutting room mainly, Cutting table, Spreading table, Air float... The VEITH SYSTEM GmbH is a family based company. It was founded in 1972 by Mr. Gustav ... Action Potential Tech Ltd was founded in September 2013 in London. Our mission is to d... Established in 1980, MHM have been at the forefront of pioneering innovation within th... The company's heavy-duty presses are guaranteed for an unprecedented 25 years. The... A leading manufacturer in the printer, professional imaging, projector, scanner, syste... When you ask anyone in the apparel decorating business about Rhinestones or Rhinestone... Weishi is a renowned producer of Finishing and Sewing Automation. Weishi has a strateg... For 80 years, Thermopatch has positioned itself as an industry leader in development, ... Imesa is a leading company in the production of Laundry equipment. We achieved this go... ILSA was created in 1978 and since its establishment has specialized in design and con... Located in the beautiful scenic coast of China East Sea, Zhejiang Weigang Machinery Co... Cool Breeze is an Australian owned and operated business for over 25 years. While Cool... It means a lot to call a stitch a Merrow. Merrow Sewing Machines incorporate a unique,... IIGM's main goal as an organisation  is to ethically merge the World'... Rotary and industrial shuttle hooks and bobbin cases are the key to sewing machine fun... iSharkMart is an IIGM in-house brand for all types of OEM parts and consumables used i... Datamars is one of the leading global suppliers of high performance unique-identificat... We are a young and dynamic company, founded in 2005 and backed by creativity and thirt... Provides Cosmetic care of Fabrics since 1949. Our Laundry Chemicals p... For 80 years, Thermopatch has positioned itself as an industry leader in development, ... Xcel Stiro Pvt. Ltd. is a well recognized ISO 9001:2008 Certified company and reliable... GBOS LASER INC. is a company dedicated to providing global laser intelligent solution ... WAYKEN currently produces more than 4,000 different Blades, Knives and Machine parts f... Making it in India,Taking it to the world Havells India Limited is a leading Fa... Quanzhou Baiyuan Machinery Science And Technology Co., Ltd. is specialized in developi... Infrastructure Start Infrastructure With a network of business partners unparalleled in the industry for their quality and service capabilities, IIGM channels to you an integrated supply chain and service back up to support you in all aspects of your trade. Bangalore Cochin Chennai Tirupur Kolkata Hyderabad Madurai Mumbai Jaipur Delhi Ludhiana Kanpur Ahmedabad Surat Indore Bangladesh Ethiopia Jordan Bangalore Sales Executives Service Engineers HR & Admin Staff Happy Clients IIGM as I remember had been multifaceted in meeting the garment industry requirements for long and had been the only representatives for end to end requirements of entire garment manufacturing portfolios starting from PLM to that of each and every process requirement in garment manufacturing. Your wide range of product representation truly is very supportive to any garment manufacturing establishment. Your sales and service supports along with a competent team and customer friendly approach is definitely commendable. Keep up the good work and wish you all the best. - Srinivasan, GM Operations, Page Industries Ltd. The key to great executions is the ability to grasp the Clients’s business issues & to develop solutions that have an impact on these, and IIGM knows it perfectly. We share a relationship a decade long and IIGM has worked in a proactive manner anticipating our needs. - Rajesh Kumar, Head Merchandising & Operations, Laguna Clothing We have great pleasure in having IIGM as an outstanding business partner for more than 2 decades with us, when it comes to supply of machinery, support systems, new innovation & technology services. Over the years, we have found that IIGM's pre, post sale services & support systems are extremely good with quick response time for any problems or complaints. The long standing association with you has resulted in consistent positive progress of the company's business in achieving the best results apart from learning innovative technique and handling machines, which we feel have been achieved with your support. We value this endeavour and wish IIGM all the best in the years to come. - Dinesh Pai, Vice President - Operations, Texport Industries Pvt Ltd. Cochin Sales Executives Service Engineers HR & Admin Staff Happy Clients IIGM have been superb. They have good range of product. Their customer service is great. The guys there responded very quickly and go above and beyond to help. We are happy doing business with them. - Aju George Kurian, Managing Director , Suits India Pvt. Ltd. Chennai Sales Executives Service Engineers HR & Admin Staff Happy Clients We are manufacturing industrial safety wear, besides woven and knitted fashion garments. During the last two decades we have crossed remarkable milestones by adopting the state-of-the-art technology. Our philosophy has always been "Moving ahead of times in adopting technology...Staying ahead with time tested values". In this endeavor, IIGM has always been a dependable vendor in providing us the right technology, technical training and after sales service. - M.E Manivannan, Senior V.P Operations, Loyal Textile Mills Limited Tirupur Sales Executives Service Engineers HR & Admin Staff Happy Clients We are happy doing business with IIGM, we get proper response and customer service is a good and quick. They also give us a lot of suggestions for our production. Most importanty, they have a good range of products. - K.Samy, General Manager, Aviram Knitters IIGM have been of great support to us. They have an excellent range of products that are economical and updated. The customer service is great! The guys there respond very quickly and go above and beyond to help. We are very happy doing business with IIGM. - D.Saminadhan, Purchase Manager, Frontier Knitters Pvt. Ltd Kolkata Sales Executives Service Engineers HR & Admin Staff Happy Clients IIGM has been consummate with a wide range of products and top of the class customer service. People at IIGM have always responded to any query most promptly and efficiently. We are happy and satisfied doing business with them. - Nawnit Nihal, Merchandiser, Turtle Ltd. Hyderabad Sales Executives Service Engineers HR & Admin Staff Happy Clients We are the Manufactures of Woven Garments.We would like to thank you for the wonderful services that we have received from your company after which we adopted the state-of-the-art technology. The growth we've experienced over the years is beacuse IIGM has always been a support for our businness by providing the right solution like technology, delivery, technical assistance and also their staff have been very accommodating and helpful to us. Training and services are excellent after sales as well. It is assured that you are given the best value sevices.  - G.Amarnath, Director, Sri Amaravathi Apparels Madurai Sales Executives Service Engineers HR & Admin Staff Happy Clients "IIGM is our partner ever since we diversified into apparel manufacturing.They are also the key knowledge providers for us when it comes to project design, equipment selection & process planning. Their relationship with key equipment brands globally provided the necessary edge for us to deliver & keep the quality commitments with all our customers.It is also of immense joy for us to work with the young & flexible team of professionals who represent IIGM and who helped us to deliver what was promised to our customers. We look forward to deepen the relationship with them in future too" - C.Jagadish Kumar, Managing Director, SFA TECH Pvt Ltd Mumbai Sales Executives Service Engineers HR & Admin Staff Happy Clients IIGM came highly recommended to us. Great business partnerships proves their worth to customers and I now recommend IIGM myself! This is due to their excellent service, competitive pricing and outstanding customer support. - Yogesh Kumar Dhusia, Filter Cell Manager, Pyrotek India Pvt. Ltd I have to say that I am most impressed by IIGM as a service provider. You provide a great support service and we find that whenever we require support or help, your executives are very supportive and helpful to understand our requirements. - M.O. Johnse, Managing Director, Eric Apparel Pvt. Ltd. Jaipur Sales Executives Service Engineers HR & Admin Staff Happy Clients We have been in business with IIGM since many years and are maintaining an excellent relationship for all our requirements of industrial machines and spare parts. The projects department is helping us in implementing new techniques for production improvement in our factory. The sales and service backup is one of the best in the industry and we wish them many more years of success. - Tejinder Singh Sodhi, Director, Suprint Textiles(Jaipur) Pvt. Ltd. We appreciate the efforts made by IIGM in bringing the world's best garment machine technologies at our door step. Also the efforts of after sales & service being provided by them is much appreciated. We are successfully implementing new techniques for production improvement and product innovation through their sincere efforts. - Ravi Poddar, Director, Cheer Sagar We have been associated with IIGM for a very long time and I'm happy to say we value this as much as they do. Overall I can say that in the garmenting business they are probably the best people to provide a complete and quality solution to all your equipment needs. They are definitely people that you can count on. - Siddharth Dalmia, Director, Choudhary Fashions Delhi Sales Executives Service Engineers HR & Admin Staff Happy Clients Richa and Co. is proud to be associated with the IIGM as a Technology Partner, which supports with various type of reputed brands of machines in sewing, embroidery, washing, finishing, cutting machines and CAD/CAM/CAS software. IIGM has a new division in the electrical segment, which will also help the industry to move ahead. Best of luck to IIGM.   - Raghav Uppal, Joint Managing Director, Richa and Co. Ludhiana Sales Executives Service Engineers HR & Admin Staff Happy Clients IIGM is an amazing company. Whatever we require in terms of machines for apparel manufacturing they have the world's best. I call them the knowledge company backed by excellent products, spares & services. - Mahendra Prakash Joshi, Manager (Production), Duke Fashions(India) Limited We appreciate the high quality products offered by IIGM and competitive prices, along with on time service calls being attended by your trained technicians, which helps with the quality on the production floor. - Saurabh Kejriwal, Managing Directror, Subhash Polytex Ltd Kanpur Sales Executives Service Engineers HR & Admin Staff Happy Clients We have been extremely satisfied with our relationship with IIGM. They have proven themselves to provide consistent and reliable services that meet our demands. Their quick responsiveness and services have become a valuable asset to our organization.   - Samarjit Singh, CEO, ICON Designs IIGM have been superb. They have a good range of products. Their customer service is great. The guys there responded very quickly and go above and beyond to help. We are happy doing business with them. - Vijay Singh, General Manager , Karan Latex Ltd. Ahmedabad Sales Executives Service Engineers HR & Admin Staff Happy Clients We are pleased to be associated with IIGM / WIMCO for last 10 years. With their valued association, we have made decent progress in our garment manufacturing activities. They have a wide, rich and valuable experience in this field and we value our nurtured association with them. We wish them all the best in all their endeavours. - Nipun Arora, V.P (Adm), Aarvee Denims and Exports Ltd I am writing to let you know how satisfied we have been with the service rendered by IIGM and Western India. Right from the purchase of machines to start our garment factory, to the regular service and maintenance of our machines, we have found their team to be exceptionally quick and responsive.   We consider the Western India team, a development partner who has proven to be creative in problem resolving, reliable in time commitment, and overall consistent in meeting our expectations. We appreciate the attitude and technical expertise and wish you good luck all along. - Rakesh Shrivastav, C.O.O (Garment), Ashima Group Surat Sales Executives Service Engineers HR & Admin Staff Happy Clients Post sales service to my mind is the most important criterion for any agencies selling machines. The company excels both in pricing their machines and post sales service. We wish them all the success. - Naresh Chopra , Director, Mahotsav Group Indore Sales Executives Service Engineers HR & Admin Staff Happy Clients Crossroads Clothing Pvt. Ltd has been associated with Gartechno and IIGM for the past 15 years, we have had a very satisfying experience with them. They have always been forthcoming in suggesting right machines ,technology, human resource and training. They have always been fair in their dealings and keep themselves abreast with the lastest in garment technology.Be it machines, factory designing, line balancing, training ,HR and new technologies, we have always consulted and gone with their suggestions. I wish them the very best in their future endeavors. - Devang Kapadia, Director, Crossroads Clothing Pvt. Ltd Heartiest congratulations for the website. This is surely going to help manufactures. We have had an amazing experience with IIGM as they have solutions for all our problems. The best thing is, the have local presence, which provides prompt service and proper guidance to enhance our product quality and manufacturing. - Gitesh Soni, Proprietor, M D Enterprises I have always been impressed with the service orientation whenever I've interacted with IIGM.The team listens very carefully and get the job done quickly. They respond to questions immediately and address problems very effectively. They are very easy to work with and appreciate their customers greatly.  - Ajay Jain, Managing Director, Vasu Clothing Pvt. Ltd. Bangladesh Sales Executives Service Engineers HR & Admin Staff Ethiopia Sales Executives Service Engineers HR & Admin Staff Jordan Sales Executives Service Engineers HR & Admin Staff cd-tabs-content Infrastructure End OurProfile Start Our Profile IIGM is the largest supplier of industrial garment machinery in the world as we provide sewing machines, cutting equipment, washing machines, embroidery machines, sewing machine spare parts and several other industrial garment equipment and services. We challenge ourselves everyday and appreciate customers that challenge us. Our infrastructure illustrates only part of our success but truly, its our people that make us great. Here is a short clip of the technology that will revolutionarise the way you do things each day. OurProfile End News & Events Start News & Events In the ever changing world of technology, IIGM's various resources travel the world to bring you the latest news and reviews. Our marketing campaigns go far and long, you must see for yourselves. 29 Mar 2019 All India Sales and Service Conference, Bengaluru 22 Feb 2019 GTE, Delhi 25 Jan 2019 GMMSA, Ludhiana 12 Dec 2018 Wilcom Productivity Workshop - Delhi, Surat, Ahmedabad, Mumbai 08 Dec 2018 JaNet Live Show and New Product Launches by Juki, Noida 19 Oct 2018 EXPOdetergo, Milan 12 Oct 2018 First G7 Auto Cutter installation in South India 18 Sep 2018 Embrace your Digital Reality, Delhi & Bengaluru 23 Aug 2018 Aahar 2018, Chennai 17 Aug 2018 GTE 2018, Bengaluru View All News & Events End Footer Start Associates | IIGM Info | Contact Us | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Terms of Use Privacy Policy Industries Electrical Laundry Spare Parts Service Training Project Advisory Paper Industries Apparel Leather, Heavy Duty Materials & Technical Textiles Home Textiles Shoe Manufacturing Furniture, Upholstery & Automotive Interiors Aerospace, Wind & Composites Sheet metal, Gasket & Heavy Equipment Fabrication Electrical EAE, Turkey Cool Breeze, Australia Skyco, USA Macro Air, USA Havells, India Laundry ILSA, Italy Imesa, Italy Datamars, Switzerland Prima Folder, Italy Rampi Chemicals, Italy Thermopatch, Netherlands XCEL India Spare Parts Distribution Inventory Buy Online Contact Us Service Service Strategy Our Services Asset Care Contact Us Training Infrastructure Course Offered Our Faculties Contact Us Project Advisory Engineering Consultation Services Offered Knowledge Transfer Contact Us Paper products Introduction Products Manufacturing Facility Contact Us Copyright © 2019 IIGM Private Limited. All Rights Reserved. Top Footer End Menutab js for go to up for main slider for infrastructure location auto circle Initialize Swiper Create sliders. Navigation js for css animation effect for searchbox footer slider for product details footer slider for product details 