Stretch Wrapper, Pallet Wrapper, Stretch Wrap Machinery From CAPS Français Home Machinery Spare Parts Retrofits Service Stretch ABC About Us Contact Us Latest News Workhorse SPECIAL PRICE $5,650 (US Dollars) Entry level stretch wrapper for the low volume user who simply needs to wrap pallets quickly, with convenience, at an affordable price. Learn More Here Used and Refurbished Pallet Stretch Wrappers Besides used stretch wrap equipment, we often have  demonstration models available complete with full warranty at very low prices . These wrappers sell as soon as they become available so don't be afraid to  Contact us  or call us at  514 956 1525 A Guide to Purchasing Stretch Wrap Equipment We give you at last 10 Reasons To replace hand wrap with a Stretch Wrapper for your pallet wrapping applications Learn more here Are you meeting OSHA guidelines on pallet wrapping? Learn here about safety in pallet wrapping Phoenix PHP-2100 Loaded with features, built like a tank, and aggressively priced. Definitely… BEST IN CLASS . Learn more here SERVICE APPLICATION Cross country move requires major configuration redesign. Learn more here   READ MORE NEWS HERE Pallet Stretch Wrappers and Stretch Wrap Equipment Experts Equipment, Knowledge, and Expertise all wrapped up in one ! Our claim is simple. CAPS is the premier provider of Pallet Stretch Wrapper and Stretch Packaging Solutions in North America! Combining our stretch packaging knowledge , with the Phoenix pallet stretch wrapper product line , you will receive the right technical solution to your stretch packaging application. Whether it be a semi-automatic stretch wrapper, or a complete integrated fully automatic packaging system, we have the RIGHT solution.   Not sure what Stretch Wrapper you need for your packaging application? Just read our " Guide To Purchasing Stretch Wrapper Equipment ". The guide will help you understund the benefits of using a Stretch Wrapper and what to look for when buying Stretch Wrapper equipment. Unlike most suppliers who modify your application to fit a standard machine, CAPS asks the extra questions necessary to ensure that the most efficient and cost effective system is designed for your specific application.   Used and Refurbished Machinery Check out also our used and refurbished stretch wrapper list . CAPS inspects all used stretch wrapper equipment prior to offering it for sale. Using our engineering expertise, we recondition used packaging machines to ensure proper operating condition. Demonstration and rental stretch wrappers are also made available for sale. Our  used and refurbished stretch wrapper machines  are ideal for business start-ups or low-cost expansion to meet increase production demand. Not just " used " but  rebuilt and reliable . Browse through our  used pallet stretch wrapper list.   Check out these valuable sections of our web site! Focus? CAPS does NOT sell mops, gloves, toilet paper, floor cleaner, or anything other than stretch packaging solutions. New Stretch Wrappers Replacement Parts Used Pallet Wrappers Retrofits and Upgrades Phoenix stretch wrap equipment and spare parts Phoenix has a complete product line of pallet stretch wrap machines to meet you stretch packaging requirements, including: PLP Series ( Low Profile ), PHP Series ( High Profile ), PRT Series ( Rotary Arms ) and PRRA (Rotary Ring Similar in concept to the Muller Octopus 505, Octopus 606 and Octopus 808, but less expensive when compared to the old Muller Octopus Rotary Ring machine. ). Learn more here about Phoenix Automatic and Semi-Automatic Stretch wrappers product line! View All Phoenix Automatic Pallet Wrappers Here View All Phoenix Semi Automatic Pallet Wrappers Here   Check Out Our Used Stretch Wrapper Listing Here Now! Buy all makes and model spare parts Used and refurbished pallet wrappers CAPS is one of the largest providers of wholesale stretch wrapper replacement parts in the North American packaging industry. With our knowledge of the packaging equipment market, we are able to provide you replacement spare parts at a lower cost than going direct to the pallet wrapper manufacturer, GUARANTEED . Our goal is to be able to be your single source for all of your spare parts needs. As a group of engineers who designed and installed stretch wrap equipment for years, we have great deal of experience with all makes of stretch wrappers including ITW Muller, Wulftec, Mima and others. Buy a used stretch wrapper for a fraction of what it cost to purchase the similar product new! CAPS  inspects all  used stretch wrapper equipment  prior to offering it for sale. Demonstration and rental stretch wrappers are also made available for sale. Using our engineering expertise, we recondition used packaging machines to ensure proper operating condition Please browse through our Used pallet stretch wrapper list . Although we try to keep this page up to date, it is constantly changing as we add machines to the list. With our connections in the stretch packaging industry we will be able to find a stretchwrapper model that meets your needs. Stretch Packaging Guidelines Need to buy stretch film ? Check out our stretch film buyer's guide to understand what the stretch film (stretch wrap) needs to accomplish. Looking for a stretch wrap film supplier ? CAPS does not sell stretch wrap film. But we can give you a guideline as to what to look for when choosing a stretch wrap film supplier . Safety in pallet wrapping: OSHA has determined there is a right way and a wrong way to stretch wrap. Review OSHA's guidelines on pallet wrapping. Stretch film costs are skyrocketing !! Try our 1 minute Stretch Wrapper Efficiency Test - Ensure your pallet stretch wrapper is operating efficiently. Stretch Wrap Basics - Understanding what is important. 10 Reasons for using a Stretch Wrapper in pallet wrapping applications instead of hand held stretch film wrapper. Stretch Wrapping Glossary - Know the jargon. Stretch Wrap Machine: Retrofits, Upgrades and Stretch Packaging Services Complete After Sales Services - Review the many services we provide including Remote Modem Service . Retrofit and Upgrades - Repair your existing pallet wrapper at a fraction of the cost of a new one. Articles and Testimonials on Stretch Packaging Solutions Stretch Wrapper Parts, Service and Retrofits' Testimonials - Read up what our customers are saying about us.   Home Machinery Spare parts Retrofits Service Stretch ABC About Us Contact us begin olark code Questions? Feedback? Olark live chat software end olark code 