 C.H. Holderby Co. Industrial Sewing Machines C.H. Holderby - Industrial Sewing Machines Call us Today! Toll Free At 1-800-431-6646 Ask Earnie Home Page Featured Item Employment Embroidery Chenille Embroidery Industrial Sewing Machines Binders Used Machines and Others Cutting Machines & Cloth Cutters Industrial Equipment Pressing/Steaming Cutting Equipment Scissors & Shears Die Cutting Machines & Clickers Tips, Tricks, and Help Amann Thread Highlead Sewing Machines Merrow Machines Typical Search our site: Ask Earnie Employment Featured Item Amann Thread Binders Chenille Embroidery Cutting Equipment Cutting Machines & Cloth Cutters Die Cutting Machines & Clickers Embroidery Highlead Sewing Machines Industrial Equipment Industrial Sewing Machines Merrow Machines Pressing/Steaming Scissors & Shears Tips, Tricks, and Help Typical Used Machines and Others Pages for Home Page Amann Thread Ask Earnie Binders Chenille Embroidery Cutting Equipment Cutting Machines & Cloth Cutters Die Cutting Machines & Clickers Embroidery Employment Featured Item Highlead Sewing Machines Industrial Equipment Industrial Sewing Machines Merrow Machines Pressing/Steaming Scissors & Shears Tips, Tricks, and Help Typical Used Machines and Others Home Page C.H. Holderby has been serving the sewing industry since 1941. We sell experience, and all major brands of industrial sewing machines ! With sales, service, supplies and support for all your sewn product manufacturing needs. We carry industrial equipment for all aspects of the sewing trades, including cloth cutters , die cutting machines , pressing and steaming equipment as well as supplies for sewing and much more. If it sews, we sell it! We carry Brother, Consew , Juki, Adler , Pfaff, SunStar , Mitsubishi and Merrow Industrial sewing machines, to name just a few. Our vast experience in the sewing industry can help with all your sewing applications. From embroidery to harness stitching , lace to headwear, we have the know how to help you with the products, parts, supplies and service you need. Looking for Royal thread? E mail us your color requirements and we will let you know what we have in stock. We also carry embroidery supplies such as backing, needles and pre-wound bobbins. No need to submit your credit card over the internet, we will call you with your total and to verify payment and shipping methods. Looking for specific information? Try the links at the top of each page to search or e mail us with specific questions or product requests. Thank you for visiting our website. We hope we can be of service to you and your business. Contact Information Telephone Toll Free 1 800 431 6646 Local 206 622 6646 FAX General 206 682 3368 Parts Department 206 622 2817   Postal address   C.H. Holderby Co. 150 12th Ave Seattle, WA 98122 USA Open Monday – Friday 8 AM – 5 PM, Pacific Coast Time. Electronic mail General info@chholderby.com Parts Department parts@chholderby.com Thanks for visiting! C.H. Holderby is commited to customer service. Give us a call toll free at 1-800-431-6646 . Website Design by Pike Street Media . 