Home - Christoph Liebers GmbH & Co. KG TOP Outer SINKERS Sinkers for tights machines Sinkers for socks knitting machines with single cylinder Sinkers for socks knitting machines with double cylinder Sinkers for seamless and oversized knitting machines nano - sinkers of the future TOOLING Home Welcome Are you manufacturing knitwear? Then you are aware of the importance of a smooth running production for your success. Therefore, focus on quality and precision of Christoph Liebers GmbH & Co. KG, when using sinkers. The knowledge in producing sinkers is an almost 150 year-old tradition, which will guarantees the latest technology and saves your company of expensive losses in production. Are you looking for support for the construction of stamping-bending-tools? Would you like to increase your own capacity? Would you like to concentrate on additional tasks and outsource the construction of tools? Christoph Liebers secures with the development of new tools the same quality standards as you set for your own products. You will profit of the long-term experience of various already completed orders.      Sinkers / nano n Tooling The Enterprise     When Christoph Liebers started his production 40 years ago, he already looked back on a family tradition of 100 years in the fabrication of sinkers for knitting machines. The knowledge and know-how acquired by the employees since generations turned the company into a global player at a short time. The German brand manufacturer held a leading position around the world with respect to innovation, quality, precision and perfection.   In the past decades Christoph Liebers GmbH & Co. KG has also achieved an outstanding reputation in the design and production of precision tools for multi-slide mass production machines. Also in this field the features precision, perfection and highest quality levels have top priority. Liebers is not only making tools by demand. The team also provides individual solutions for the challenges of modern production, starting with the design until the test runs on the machine. This is the way, Liebers helps to strengthen the efficiency of production of their customers.   HISTORY Data and events Corporate colours The line Two pillars - one basis The philosophy Info Christoph Liebers GmbH & Co. KG More than 40 years ago and just under 100 kilometres in the North of the Bavarian city Munich,  Christoph Liebers GmbH & Co. KG was founded. On an area of more than 2,300 m², more than 16.000 different types of sinkers are currently being produced, stored and prepared for worldwide shipping Lilienthalstraße 21 D - 85080 Gaimersheim phone: + 49 8458 32 76-0 fax: + 49 8458 32 76-66 info@liebers.de www.liebers.de info@liebers.de      Contact Imprint Privacy Statement GTC Contact ISO Certificate Philosophy Data and events Corporate colours The line Two pillars - one basis Werkzeugbau in einer neuen Dimension SINKERS Sinkers for tights machines Sinkers for socks knitting machines with single cylinder Sinkers for socks knitting machines with double cylinder Sinkers for seamless and oversized knitting machines nano - sinkers of the future TOOLING Cookies make it easier for us to provide you with our services. With the usage of our services you permit us to use cookies. Ok 