Smart Camera Caminax – Intelligent Camera and Full Vision-System A New Generation of Smart Cameras   Deutsch English      Home News Modules  Module: Image Module: Brightness Module: Area Module: Color Module: Position Module: Points Module: Straight Line Module: Circle Module: Vector Module: Result Tool: Multi-ROI-Manager Tool: Gradient-Manager Tool: Tracking-Manager Tool: Sliders Operation Datasheet Downloads Accessory Distribution Â Â  Caminax is a smart camera…>   by FiberVision GmbH . The machine vision company as an exceptional know how at solving complex machine vision applications, both with PC and smart-cameras. FiberVision’s machine vision experience is the basis for smart camera Caminax. Caminax continues the success of its predecessor CAMAT .             >> Home Caminax: A Smart Vision System Vision System and Smart Camera Typical smart cameras are easy to operate, but fit usually simple machine vision tasks, only. An exception are intelligent cameras programmed via an additional PC. Caminax is different: Operation is easy and intuitive, but still Caminax is a real vision-system, and solves even elaborated measurement and inspection tasks with an excellent performance. As a real smart-camera Caminax does not need any PC, neither for operation, editing nor evaluation. Any usual VGA monitor and our keypad are all you need to handle Fiber Vision’s smart cameras. Editing of programs on the camera is entirely graphical and intuitive: in contrast to other smart-cameras neither program- nor script-code is required. Colored overlays assist you while setting up programs. The brand-new and unique Multi-Window-Manager handles even up to 250 ROI (Region of interest) – per module. Moreover: You can edit Caminax while running using the live picture ( Runtime-Editing ). Caminax is a smart camera you can calibrate. Thus, you can perform real measurements in all common units – at a stunning operation power. The latest image processing algorithms provide you with the highest precision. Caminax oversampling exceeds even conventional subpixeling approaches. Caminax is available in six camera variants, among them a color-camera . Their computing power ranges between 1200 MIPS and 8000 MIPS . The latter would rival a 7,2 GHz Pentium . Caminax is delivered in eight languages . You can easily switch among them while operating the smart camera. Other languages for our Vision-System are available on request. Caminax: Smart Camera and full vision-system. Belonging to a new generation of machine vision products.     Contact | Disclaimer Smart-Kamera can be edited without a PC. Monitor and keypad are all you need. Switch among 8 languages in runtime mode.          Webdesign by 5 elements 