Scientific Testing Kits, ElectroAnalytical Test Kits | Koslow Custom Structure Starts JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser. You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website. Order Here 201.541.9100 or Log In Register New customer? Home About Us Our Products Metal Test Kits Passivation Test Kits Reference Electrodes Safety Data Sheets FAQ Forum Contact Us       Homepage Category Sections Starts Our Products Metal Alloy ID Kits Choosing the Right Kit Test Kit Accessories and Refills Kit Catalog What are Alloy ID Kits? Passivation Test Kits Compare Koslow Passi-Testers Accessories and Refills Kit Catalog What is Passivation? Electro Analytical Probes The Right Reference Electrode Accessories and Refills Electrode Catalog What are Reference Electrodes? Homepage Category Section Ends Professional and Reliable Koslow Scientific Company is a globally recognized source of innovative quality control & testing instruments. Our metal testers, passivation test kits, and analytical test probes provide affordable, reliable and repeatable testing results for the identification and verification of industrial and laboratory materials.     Quality control and testing Koslow test lab continuously subjects our products to testing to ensure the items we offer meet or exceed our expectations–and yours. Fast, same–day shipping    Our warehouse in Englewood, New Jersey is fully stocked with Kits and supplies, so we can ship your order the day it is received. You can literally have it tomorrow morning. Customer support Our highly trained sales and technical support specialists will find the testing solution that works best for you–for any size of project, any quality control issue. " It is great and not too often, to work with a company that has such a great level of service- even after the sale. " Ray, Grain Metals Inc. Companies That Trust Koslow Products Koslow Scientific Company   172 Walkers Lane Englewood, NJ 07631 USA    011 (201) 541-9100   sales@koslow.com   Copyright © 2018 Koslow Scientific Company       Home About Us FAQ Contact us         Beetailer code EO Beetailer code Custom Structure Ends 