We Buy, Sell and Auction Used CNC Machines | CNC Exchange Skip to main content 847-537-7700 Se Habla Español Keywords Machinery for Sale By Manufacturer By Type All Machinery for Sale Wanted Machinery Auctions Services Appraisals & Auctions Logistics Machinery Brokering Cash Purchases Consignment Auction Sale Machinery for Sale Trade-Ins Equipment Financing Tooling About Team Industries Served 30-Day Return FAQs Blog Contact Us Leading Marketplace for Buying and Selling Pre-Owned, High-Quality CNC MACHINERY Keywords BROWSE Machinery for Sale By Manufacturer By Type All Machinery for Sale SELL Your Machine Receive an immediate cash purchase offer, accept and schedule removal Sell your machines via the CNC Exchange consignment program Include your machines in the next worldwide online auction sale Use your surplus as money in trade for your next purchase with CNC Exchange or another first-class vendor Sell Your Machine /sites/default/files/home-auction-02.jpg Attend an Auction CNC Exchange offers auction, appraisal and liquidation services through our partner, Premier Asset Recovery Group. Participate in person or online. View Upcoming Auctions 5 Reasons to Work with the Top CNC Machine Dealer View All Services 1 Our 30,000-sq. ft. heated and well-lit showroom warehouse with 20-ton overhead crane system is conveniently located 8 miles north of Chicago's O'Hare International Airport. 2 We have over 50 years of buying and selling experience with the international connections to find exactly what you require. 3 Our team of experienced CNC technicians and conscientious rigging crew ensures our pre-owned machines are of the highest quality. 4 We guarantee our machinery sales with a 30-day return refund policy . 5 You can arrange an under-power demonstration in our Chicagoland showroom or request a video demonstration. Trusted Machine Buyer and Seller CNC Exchange has been the trusted source for buying and selling pre-owned industrial machinery for more than 50 years. Our customers in the aerospace, automotive, defense, energy, manufacturing and medical markets come to us for several reasons: To increase production capacity inexpensively and immediately To trade up to a machine with newer features To sell surplus equipment We buy, sell, trade and conduct auctions for CNC lathes, CNC machining centers (both vertical and horizontal), CNC Swiss-type lathes, CNC routers and all other types of industrial and manufacturing equipment. We stock quality used CNC equipment manufactured by Haas, Hurco, Makino, Okuma, Mori Seiki, Mazak, Doosan, Star, Citizen, Matsuura, OKK, Kitamura and many more. A Very Brief History of Our Company Illinois-based CNC Exchange is a division of Gray Machinery Company, a third-generation family-owned and operated business founded in 1966 by Ronald Gray. In 2014, the company started a new division called CNC Exchange to focus on buying, selling and auctioning high-quality, used CNC machines. We invite you to visit our 30,000-sq. ft. showroom — a short drive from Chicago O’Hare Airport — and inspect the machines in our inventory under power. Experience, Integrity, Results More About Us Proud Member of Professional Industry Associates Begin MailChimp Signup Form Subscribe for inventory updates and discounts Email End mc_embed_signup 75 E. Palatine Rd Prospect Heights, IL 60070 847-537-7700 © 2019 CNC Exchange. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms of Use | Terms of Sale | Site Map | Site By: Straight North Machinery for Sale By Manufacturer By Type All Machinery for Sale Wanted Machinery Auctions Services Appraisals & Auctions Logistics Machinery Brokering Cash Purchases Consignment Auction Sale Machinery for Sale Trade-Ins Equipment Financing Tooling About Team Industries Served 30-Day Return FAQs Blog Contact Us 800-292-1493 