 U.S. Products This is the main page container (the white area of page) Start SC_Splash_Header the style below used in menu control is a temp. solution to fix the menu not displaying in IE 8, can be removed once microsoft comes out with fix MSDS | CustomerZone™ Sign In The PO number you entered has been used previously. Please confirm that you want to reuse this number. You are also allowed to give an alias to this order for reference within CustomerZone. This is not required and this alias will not appear on invoices or correspondence from Nilfisk. The alias is available only within CustomerZone. Alias: Do you want to reuse this PO#? START Search_Widget.ascx END Search_Widget.ascx MegaMenu Starts Home Products Overall Container Heated Carpet Extractors King Cobra Series Multi-Surface Machines King Cobra Series Escalator Tread Cleaner TreadMaster Restoration Equipment Flood King Oasis Plus Ozone Generator Tools & Accessories Carpet Wands and Sprayers Cobra DT DriMaster 3 Upholstery Tool Evolution Flood Wand Evolution TM Wand Evolution Wand Mini Turbo Hard Surface Tool Turbo Hard Surface Tool CMX-20 Rotary Extractor Stainless Steel Detailer Tool Scrub and Vac Plus Upholstery Scrub Head Overall Container Ends Service Manuals & Parts Lists Warranty Registration About Us Contact Us CRI News & Events FIND A DEALER MegaMenu Ends End SC_Splash_Header Main Content Begins This adds the thick bar after the top menu It is black for USP and blue for Splash Sites End Begin Scroller Banner Holder   End Scroller Banner Holder Product Description Holder Ends Highlight holder Need Service or Parts? U.S. Products partners with a world class network of full-service dealers/distributors to bring you innovative floor-cleaning and restoration equipment and chemicals and comprehensive local support. To help us identify a dealer/distributor that best matches your requirements, Call 1.800.257.7982 and let your customer care representative know which best describes you and your company: • Professional Cleaning and Restoration Contractor • Building Service Contractor • Facility Maintenance (In-House) • Automotive Detailer • Floor Cleaning/Maintenance Technician • Janitorial Contractor Or click here to contact us and provide us with your contact information and we will have a local distributor get in contact with you. Want more info? To learn more about complete line of equipment, please contact us .   Latest News & Events Sign Up Today! Email Address: * First Name: Last Name: * required Reference Holder Ends Start SC_Splash_Footer Products Heated Carpet Extractors Multi-Surface Machines Escalator Tread Cleaner Restoration Equipment Tools & Accessories Service Manuals & Parts Lists Warranty Registration About Us Contact Us CRI News & Events U.S. PRODUCTS 14600 21st Ave North Plymouth, MN 55447 Phone: 800-257-7982 Become a Fan on Facebook Watch Us on YouTube End SC_Splash_Footer A Nilfisk Brand Start Google Analytics End Google Analytics 