Home | Kärcher Canada Your basket is empty. Canada English Français Compare products 0 Home & Garden Professional Services Inside Kärcher Canada en English fr Français Compare products 0 Home & Garden Summer is here! Whether gentle treatment or powerful cleaning – Kärcher high-pressure cleaners offer the perfect solution for every cleaning task. HOME & GARDEN WARRANTY REGISTRATION Register your Kärcher Home & Garden product for peace of mind. wHERE TO BUY Find a Kärcher retailer near you Electric Pressure Washers Gas Pressure Washers Multi-functional vacuum cleaners Window cleaner Accessories Detergents Professional SOLUTIONS FOR YOUR INDUSTRY Finding the best solution for cleaning tasks is of growing importance for businesses of all kinds. Trigger Gun EASY!Force The revolutionary operating concept of the EASY!Force trigger gun uses the recoil force of the high-pressure jet and reduces the holding force for the trigger to zero. find a distributor Find a distributor in your area. Pressure washers Commercial Vacuums Steam Cleaners Extractors Air Blower Floor Scrubbers Floor Machines Burnishers Floor Sweepers Specialty Equipment Accessories Detergents Services Home & Garden Service for professional SERVICE CENTERS Inside Kärcher company About Kärcher Our brands Kärcher Center CAREER Career opportunities Karcher as an employer Benefits Sustainability Sustainability Management Supply Chain and Products Responsibility for Culture, Nature and Society Responsibility for Employees Sponsoring Cultural sponsorship Sport sponsorship Template: imageshow (T3) Summer is here! Summer is here! Solutions for car dealerships Solutions for car dealerships Say bye bye to dust! Say bye bye to dust! Template: homepageheadline Whatever the cleaning task, we have the solution. Template: businessunit (T3) Home & Garden Cleaning devices for use around the home Professional Cleaning equipment for professional use Template: horizontalrule (T3) Template: imageheadlinetextcoverthreecolumns (T3) Professional equipment inquiry Professional equipment inquiry Receive a customized product quote or additional information for Kärcher commercial equipment. View application tips Application tips Application tips for indoors and outdoors at a glance. Everything you want to know about Karcher Inside Kärcher At Kärcher, cleaning is our job as well as our passion, and we take our responsibility towards people, culture and the environment seriously. Find out more about Karcher as an employer Careers at Kärcher View current vacancies. Template: horizontalrule (T3) Template: headlinetexttwocolumns Kärcher – global provider of cleaning technology The family-owned company, Kärcher is today the world's leading provider of efficient, resource-conserving cleaning systems. Kärcher makes a difference through top performance, innovation and quality. Design prizes and patents Kärcher's cleaning equipment combines functionality, user-friendliness and sophisticated design. Its competitive edge is forged by its innovation and drive to achieve better solutions and is proven by its patents and awards from renowned institutions. Kärcher currently holds more than 1,300 patents and utility models — a true testament to the company's ingenuity and innovative prowess. In-house research and development for cleaning solutions Kärcher is constantly striving to achieve the best solution to every cleaning task. This is why we develop powerful systems made up of perfectly matched cleaning machines, accessories and cleaning agents. In order to best meet the needs and preferences of our customers, we are in constant discussion with both private and professional operators. The insights that we gain from this have a direct influence on the development of new products. This means that we can ensure that each new innovation not only meets the requirements of increasingly complex cleaning tasks, but that it makes work as easy and straightforward as possible for operators. Template: footer (T3) Shop Where to buy FAQs Floor Care Dealer Portal - DISIS Template: footer (T3) LEGAL INFORMATION Privacy Policy Sitemap Template: footertext (T3) Contact For Home & Garden Residential: +1-800-537-4129 For Professional Customer Care:  +1-888-705-9444 For Professional Service:  +1-877-KARCHER (+1-877-527-2437)   Template: socialmedia (T3) Professional © 2019 Template: plain Kärcher Canada Inc. version: 2019.13.0-10492 page: 397317 date: 2019-07-11 04:24:32 