MGE - Medical Suction, Print & Slitter Rewinders -Essex, UK body start html embeds start body start html embeds end Click Here To Read Our Privacy Policy MG Electric (Colchester) Ltd, Wyncolls Road, Severalls Business Park, Colchester, Essex, CO4 9HY UNITED KINGDOM T. +44 (0)1206 842244   F. +44 (0)1206 845849   E. sales@mgelectric.co.uk A Member of the Martin Group of Companies. Registered in England No. 880470. VAT Reg. GB 368 5808 07 ©2018 by MGE - MG Electric (Colchester) Ltd. MGE Home Medical Print Converting Pumps Document Library Contact Us More... ​ MGE Engineering Excellence MEET MGE Exceeding Your Expectations MG Electric (Colchester) Ltd. is a British manufacturing company based in the South East of England. Founded in 1945 as an installer and repairer of electrical equipment, our innovative approach to engineering has helped us expand over the years into four diverse Commercial areas. ​ As a specialist SME in the manufacturing industry, MGE is committed to providing innovative high quality products backed-up with exceptional customer service from our talented team to make sure your needs are not only met, but exceeded. ​ All MGE equipment is manufactured to the highest standards in accordance with ISO 9001 and, for our Medical equipment, ISO 13485 Quality Management Systems, the Medical Device Directive and current European CE Legislation. Company News Company History MGE Medical MGE's SAM medical range of products includes an extensive range of general and specialist suction equipment for ward and theatre, portable devices for ambulance, central system pipeline regulators, nebulisers and accessories. Find Out More MGE Print MGE's PRESSMATE range of equipment includes refrigerated dampening circulators, alcohol control, roller chillers, fount dosers, fount filtration systems, varnish coaters, and combination and RO water treatment units. Pressmate units are designed for use with any sheet fed or web printing press. Find Out More MGE Converting & Rewinding MGE's WEBCON range of Converting Equipment includes fully automatic and semi-automatic systems for rewinding and slitting \ rewinding films, foils and specialist papers. Find Out More MGE Machine Tool & Circulation Pumps MGE have offered a range of centrifugal pumps for over 50 years, initially to the UK machine tool industry but more recently, worldwide in a variety of applications. Over this time, MGE pumps have become synonymous with quality and reliabilty. Find Out More Back to Top No Footer body end html embeds start body end html embeds end 