E.J. Cady & Company | The Standard In Micrometers Since 1893 | Micrometer Skip to main content Your Account Home View Shopping Cart Log in !Site name and Slogan E.J. Cady & Company E.J. Cady & Company The Standard In Micrometers Since 1893 FAMILY OWNED AND OPERATED   Shop By Category Portable Pocket Micrometer Portable Hand Held Micrometers Portable Hand Held Lithographic Micrometers Analog (Dial) / Bench Micrometers Analog (Dial) / Bench Lithographic Micrometers Digital / Bench Micrometers Digital / Bench Lithographic Micrometers .0001" / Bench Micrometers Plastic Industry / Bench Micrometer Roofing Industry / Bench Micrometer Gauge Blocks Micrometer Clamps Dial / Product Options Repair / Recertification / Calibration About Us Mitutoyo Inquiries Contact Us Thank you for helping us achieve 126 years of excellence (1893 - 2019). We now offer USB support standard on all of our digital bench-style micrometers. Over a Century of Experience Manufacturing Sales Distribution Repairs Calibration Certification Replacement Parts Custom Micrometers Since 1893, the name of E.J. Cady & Company has been synonymous with quality. Over the last 120+ years, E.J. Cady & Company's research and design has met the need for more precise and dependable measuring instruments. Every micrometer produced by us today is a combination of modern technology, merged with the craftsmanship of experience. We are a manufacturer and worldwide distributor of a full line of ASTM and TAPPI approved analog (dial) and digital micrometers for measuring thickness (flat stock only) of a wide range of products. These include, but are not limited to: corrugated, paperboard, fiberboard, printing blankets, paper, roofing material and various other products within the pulp and paper, packaging, lithographic/printing and newspaper industries. All of our micrometers are “made to order”, based on customer specifications – they are not “stock items.” E.J. Cady & Company micrometers are designed and manufactured at our headquarters in Wheeling, Illinois (USA). DW Vernier Model Portable 6" Throat Model Quick Mini Model (1/2" range) DW14 Model DW Model DDW-T Model DWL Model MC Model DDWL Model DDW Model TT Model M Model Micrometer Clamps SPEND SOME "QUALITY" TIME AT WORK If your need is precise, dependable gauging, an E.J. Cady & Company micrometer will give you the assurance that every measurement taken is a trusted read-out...peace of mind in today's fast paced world. The accuracy of our micrometers has been so widely accepted that many companies around the world are using our micrometers to standardize their quality control. There is an old adage that you should use the right tool for a specific task. This is especially true in micrometer gauging, where .0001 of an inch/.001 of a millimeter can mean the difference between the production of a superior or inferior product. Five column Gpanel Contact Info Phone (847) 537-2239 Español (847) 537-2625 Fax (847) 537-1766 ejcady@ejcady.com Mailing Address E.J. Cady & Company 135 South Wheeling Road Wheeling, IL 60090-4807 USA Phone Hours Our hours of operation are Monday - Friday 8:00 a.m. - 4:30 p.m. Central Standard Time Shopping cart Your shopping cart is empty. Four column Gpanel Shipping Our product prices do not include shipping.  Shipping and handling will be charged in addition to the item price. The cost will vary depending on the required service. We can ship using your UPS, FedEx or DHL account number, if you kindly provide us with this information when you place your order. Discounts A 10% quantity discount will be extended when four (4) or more E.J. Cady & Company manufactured units are specified on the same purchase order. A 15% discount will be extended with quantities of ten (10) or more. Returns Returned items will be assessed a 25% restocking charge. Permission must be obtained prior to returning or exchanging merchandise. Exchanges or credits will not be granted later than 5 days after receipt of goods. Shipping costs are the responsibility of the buyer. Privacy We respect and are committed to protecting your privacy. We may collect personally identifiable information when you visit our site. We also automatically receive and record information on our server logs from your browser including your IP address, cookie information and the page(s) you visited. We will not sell your personally identifiable information to anyone. Comodo SSL Security Your payment (credit card) and personal information (name, address, etc.) is stored safely. Our web site uses industry standard SSL technology to encrypt information you provide to us. Your credit card number is not stored on this site. cards.jpg (c) 2005, 2016. Authorize.Net is a registered trademark of CyberSource Corporation Online Payments Copyright 2019 E.J. Cady & Company We reserve the right to change specifications and prices without notice. 