Home | AFG Analytic GmbH Home Legal Notice Data protection declaration Sitemap Login   News Products CAS touch!  Charge Analyzing System FPA touch!  Fiber Potential Analyzer CAS  Charge Analyzing System FPA   Fiber Potential Analyzer DFA   Dynamic Filtration Analyzer Contact North America South America Europe Africa Asia Australia Support Sunday, 21 July 2019 Home AFG Analytic GmbH AFG Analytic GmbH is developing, producing and distributing analysing systems for Quality Control and R&D. AFG Analytic was founded in the year 2004. The AFG-Analytic -team has more than 40 years experience in analysing technologies. The combination of newest technology, competent support and fast service guaranties our customers the solution of their application-, hard- and software-problems. AFG Analytic is distributing their systems through well trained distributors worldwide. Product Overview CAS TOUCH! - CHARGE ANALYZING SYSTEM CAS - CHARGE ANALYSING SYSTEM FPA TOUCH! - FIBER POTENTIAL ANALYZER FPA - FIBER POTENTIAL ANALYZER DFA - DYNAMIC FILTRATION ANALYZER maininner end main end © AFG Analytic GmbH 2004-2018   googleoff: all Template Decline In order to provide you with the best online experience this website uses cookies. Delete cookies Template Default bootstrap BG color In order to provide you with the best online experience this website uses cookies. By using our website, you agree to our use of cookies. Button to trigger modal Learn more I agree Modal × Information cookies Cookies are short reports that are sent and stored on the hard drive of the user's computer through your browser when it connects to a web. Cookies can be used to collect and store user data while connected to provide you the requested services and sometimes tend not to keep. Cookies can be themselves or others. There are several types of cookies: Technical cookies that facilitate user navigation and use of the various options or services offered by the web as identify the session, allow access to certain areas, facilitate orders, purchases, filling out forms, registration, security, facilitating functionalities (videos, social networks, etc..). Customization cookies that allow users to access services according to their preferences (language, browser, configuration, etc..). Analytical cookies which allow anonymous analysis of the behavior of web users and allow to measure user activity and develop navigation profiles in order to improve the websites. So when you access our website, in compliance with Article 22 of Law 34/2002 of the Information Society Services, in the analytical cookies treatment, we have requested your consent to their use. All of this is to improve our services. We use Google Analytics to collect anonymous statistical information such as the number of visitors to our site. Cookies added by Google Analytics are governed by the privacy policies of Google Analytics. If you want you can disable cookies from Google Analytics. However, please note that you can enable or disable cookies by following the instructions of your browser. Close googleon: all 