High-Quality Filling Machines and Equipment | ABALTD.com JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser. You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website. ﻿ “Manufacturer of Quality Liquid Filling Equipment” Meet The Team Testimonials Contact Us Client List Request A Quote Anthony Barber Associates, Ltd. Support support: +1 (803) 396-0621 Monday to Friday: 7:30am - 4:30pm EST Email email: sales@abaltd.com every day (24/7) navigation BOF Home Products Filling Machines Net Weight Volumetric Automatic Semi Automatic Top Fill Bottom Fill Electronic Pneumatic Drum Intrinsically Safe (Explosion Proof) Lidding Lid Placers & Droppers Lid Closers Volumetric Pumps One Gallon Five Gallon Fill Heads Cone Style Diving Lance Style Direct Flow Style Accessories Top Off Systems Rotary Feed Tables Industries Services Custom Design Installation and Training Preventative Maintenance Filling Technology Customer Center Stock Machines FAQ/Troubleshooting Parts Info/Drgs Blog Newsletters and Brochures Drawings and Parts Lists About us History Working with ABA Directions Job Opportunities Meet The Team navigation EOF Compare You have no items to compare. Navigation Home Products Filling Machines Net Weight Volumetric Automatic Semi Automatic Top Fill Bottom Fill Electronic Pneumatic Drum Intrinsically Safe (Explosion Proof) Lidding Lid Placers & Droppers Lid Closers Volumetric Pumps One Gallon Five Gallon Fill Heads Cone Style Diving Lance Style Direct Flow Style Accessories Top Off Systems Rotary Feed Tables Industries Services Custom Design Installation and Training Preventative Maintenance Filling Technology Customer Center Stock Machines FAQ/Troubleshooting Parts Info/Drgs Blog Newsletters and Brochures Drawings and Parts Lists About us History Working with ABA Directions Job Opportunities Meet The Team If jquery alredy loaded/conflicts then below jQuery file not required Request a Quote Close Your Containers Close your containers with the ABA lid crimpers and roller lid presses Request a Quote Learn More Filling Machines Browse through our selection of net weight and volumetric liquid filling machines Request a Quote Learn More Fill Heads Take a look at our fill heads! We offer diving lance, direct flow, and cone style. Request a Quote Learn More Pumps Check out our one and five gallon volumetric, positive displacement, double acting piston pumps Request a Quote Learn More ABA Equipment Around the World Take a look at where ABA equipment has ended up! Request a Quote Learn More Parts Find new and replacement parts in our online parts database Request a Quote Learn More ABA Ltd. We pride ourselves on our exceptional customer service and support. Request a Quote Learn More High-Quality Filling Machines and Equipment  Since 1991, Anthony Barber Associates, LTD. has been operating as a family-owned-and-operated business. Located south of Charlotte, NC, we are honored to deliver our manufactured liquid filling machines, lid placing and closing machines, and supply spare parts to our customers nationwide and internationally. Whether you are using our filling machines and equipment for paint, chemicals, coatings, or other similar fluids, you will notice the difference in quality when you purchase our products. Here at ABA, we pride ourselves on delivering a quality service and aim to establish long-term partnerships with all of our customers. All of our machines are designed to fit each customer’s specific needs. You can choose from a diverse selection of pail filling equipment , volumetric or net weight filling machines, as well as rotary feed tables, lid placers, crimpers, droppers, conveyors, and presses. Our experienced team designs the machines for explosion-proof areas to meet C1D1 (Class 1, Division 1) and C1D2 (Class 1, Division 2) standards. Our customers are welcome to tour our facility to view the machines in production and to discuss your specific machine needs with us in person. If you are unable to visit our facility, you can give us a call at (803) 396-0621, and we will happily help you select your ideal liquid filling machine .  Meet Our Team Welcome to ABA's new and improved website. I invite you to browse through our selection of machines and equipment and hope that you will reach out to us if we can assist you in any way with your filling line needs. Anthony Barber We regularly post videos of our latest machines on our youtube channel  Subscribe to receive updates for our newest videos.        ****NEW**** Check out our new showroom featuring ready to ship stock machines     Home Page ﻿ Testimonials I must honestly and sincerely say that you and your company have set the bar high. An excellent product, and an equally excellent staff. You should be proud of your company, your people, and it is ok to even be a little proud of yourself! It is truly a pleasure doing business with you. Chad Lemon - Maintenance Manager, Jotun Paints With a hard to bottle product, Tony and his team produced a very robust and accurate machine that exceeded our expectations.  I am very impressed how quickly they responded to questions and concerns from quoting through commissioning.  I highly recommend ABA. Greg Maynard - Project Engineer, Penn Color “In looking for solutions to product filling issues, and effective cost savings, we went to Anthony Barber Associates. Not only did they meet our needs, but the equipment proved to be more accurate and dependable than we could have imagined. Anthony Barber and his team have met and exceeded our company expectations again, and again” Engineering Director, Henry Company Our experience with ABA has been very positive and knowledgeable. From the initial call we were able to relate our needs and special production application to ABA’s representatives, with full understanding and feedback of our project.  During the setup the equipment was easy to install with sufficient information to understand the procedures, maintenance schedules and troubleshooting guide. For full testimonial, please visit our  testimonials page . Eduardo Ochoa - Production Engineer, Tuboscope “Fortunately I found Anthony Barber Associates on the internet while doing a search for filling equipment.  Right away Anthony provided fantastic customer service in regard to understanding our process and what solutions they offer.  Their promise on delivery is exceptional compared to other equipment vendors I have used!" For full testimonial, please visit our testimonials page . Bob Guss - Facilities Manager, Quest Automotive "We purchased a lid dropper for our operation a few years back.  Although we use the lid dropper to manufacture oil filters and not paint cans the system works very well.  Little or no maintenance is required and any problems that did arise during the installation was quickly addressed by the caring folks at Anthony Barber and Associates.  We ran over 40 million parts on this machine since it was installed in March of 2014.  We were so happy with this unit that we purchased a second unit for another line.  The second unit was just installed a few weeks ago and I look forward to years of service from both machines." Jason Gluck - Electrical Engineer, Mann+Hummel Our Clients Follow Us Join us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Join us on Google Plus Watch us on YouTube Pinterest Subscribe to RSS feed ABA filling machines are offered as either volumetric or net weight and can be designed to be top or bottom (diving lance) fill. We manufacture our own conveyors, rotary feed tables, lid placers, lid droppers and lid crimpers. ABA equipment is designed to fill a variety of liquids ranging from water thin to high viscosity. Many of our machines are designed to be intrinsically safe for explosion proof areas and can be made to meet C1D1 or C1D2 standards. For a look at some examples of products our machines have filled, check out our  industries page. Twitter   © 2017 Anthony Barber Associates. All Rights Reserved. Start of StatCounter End of StatCounter Code for Default Guide 