Bonas Skip to main content Bonas en Service Home About us Events Vandewiele.com LinkedIn Facebook en it ru tr cn Search Menu Search Search Highlight Contact Main navigation Activities Applications Floor Home Fashion Technical textiles Downloads News Service Home About us Events Vandewiele.com LinkedIn Facebook Secondary service Careers Log in Main navigation Activities Applications Floor Home Fashion Technical textiles Downloads News Highlight Contact Inspired by expertise We imagine, build and integrate innovative textile systems for flooring qualities, home linen, fashion fabrics and technical textiles. Sharing inspiration and expertise with our customers worldwide, we shape the textile industry of the future. Creating success for them all, from yarn to finished product. Activities Applications NEWS Bonas Textile Machinery NV is trendsetter in design and manufacture of electronic jacquards for weaving machines Principally located in Belgium, Bonas Textile Machinery is a brand of VANDEWIELE  consisting of several textile machine companies all synonymous within their field of textile machinery expertise Activities Si The Si jacquard has been developed to meet the demand for high hook capacity at high speed. The Si is available from 2304 to 31104 hooks in a single jacquard. Read more Ji The Ji jacquard is based on the successful micro-selector, supplemented with a revolutionary drive mechanism. The Ji is available from 1920 to 5760 hooks in a single jacquard, ranging from only 10 to 20 knives deep. Read more BONAS harnesses After many years of experience in producing harnesses for velvet and carpet weaving machines of Van de Wiele, BONAS now offers harnesses for the jacquard weaving industry. Read more Applications Fashion One certainty in fashion is change, and to face this in a competitive way you need flexibility from your jacquard. Read more Technical textiles Major tier 1 suppliers for the car industry choose BONAS technology for the fabrication of the OPW (one-piece woven) airbags because of the high fabric qualities and efficiencies at high weaving speed. Read more Floor BONAS - VAN DE WIELE, leaders in woven and tufted carpet machinery also specialises in flat woven carpets. Read more News 11/30/2017 The Launch of the Ji Jacquard Truck To promote his latest generation of J i Jacquards , Bonas designed a truck for a Roadshow of 1 year through China. Read more Applications Activities Downloads Careers About us Information Bonas uses social media to share the latest global industry trends, encourage you to share your views and connect with like-minded  Contact us BONAS TEXTILE MACHINERY NV Michel Vandewielestraat 7 8510 Marke Belgium Tel: +32 56 24 32 11 Email: info@bonas.be © 2019 Bonas Footer Disclaimer Terms and conditions Contact [if lte IE 9]> <script src="/sites/default/files/js/js_VhqXmo4azheUjYC30rijnR_Dddo0WjWkF27k5gTL8S4.js"></script> <![endif] 