Custom Deburring Solutions | Richwood Industries Skip to Content Custom Deburring Solutions, Deburring Equipment and Service, Tumbling Media and Supplies Let our decades of experience find a custom solution to your deburring and wastewater dilemmas. 714.892.8100 310.532.1313 525 W. 172nd Street Gardena, CA 90248 Fax 310.532.1331 Sales@RichwoodIndustries.com .webcom-container .webcom-header Menu Home About Us Videos Testimonials Contact Us .webcom-container .webcom-navigation Menu items controlled in theme options Services Deburring Finishing & Tumbling Machinery Centrifugal Barrel Machines Rubber lined barrels Polyurethane lined barrels Centrifugal Disc Machines Linear Flow-Through Machines Vibratory Bowl Machines Vibratory Tub Machines Spin Dryer Machines Wheel Finishing Machines Custom Machinery Parts Washers Wastewater Recycling Systems Deburring Finishing & Tumbling Media Ceramic Media Plastic, Polyester and Synthetic Media Porcelain, Corn Cob and Walnut Shell Media Steel and Stainless Steel Media XM / XA Tumbling Nuggets Deburring Finishing & Tumbling Compounds Abrasive Compounds Abrasives for Fine Finishing Burnishing or Coloring Compounds Cleaning and Neutralizing Compounds Rust Inhibitor Services Resolving Deburring Problems Custom Processes Developed Deburring / Surface Finishing Services Repair and Rebuild of Machinery Used and Remanufactured Equipment E-Mail Us 714.892.8100 310.532.1313 Richwood Industries specializes in solving difficult deburring, finishing, and wastewater problems. On staff, we have experts who work with the customer to find economical solutions that give the highest quality results. If standard equipment needs modification, Richwood can manufacture customized machinery and custom media. With Richwood, you are not just buying a machine, you are acquiring the means to a perfectly manufactured product. Richwood also provides deburring services for jobs small and large. Please contact us for further information. Deburring and Finishing Machines Media, Compounds and Wastewater Supplies Wastewater Recycling Systems Services No More Failures! Richwood has always stated that by using our Controlled Velocity Finishing Machine and our customized deburring processes, the overall compressive residual stress of the part will be significantly improved. To back up our claim, Richwood sent sample parts to an outside Laboratory, Lambda, for testing. The testing method used was x-ray diffraction. Richwood is excited to share the results of the Lambda report, which prove our claims. Results show that using our methods, the compressive residual stress of the part is significantly improved in comparison to other traditional methods of surface finishing. Please refer to the charts below for results. Please contact us for a copy of the full report. .webcom-container .webcom-content ---------- VIDEO BLOCKS ---------------------------- Centrifugal Barrel Machine CV-600 Centrifugal Barrel Machine CV-6000 Wastewater Treatment System WW-200 All-Wheel Finishing Machine #1 All-Wheel Finishing Machine #2 Unloading an All-Wheel Finishing Machine ------------------------------------------------------ .webcom-wrapper Media & Compounds Parts Washers About Us Wastewater Recycle Systems Services Home Testimonials Contact Us .webcom-container .webcom-footer-navigation © 2019 Richwood Industries, Inc. . All Rights Reserved. Web Design and Domain names by author copyright .webcom-container .webcom-footer .webcom-footer-wrapper WSP_SC /WSP_SC .scorecard 