Vibration Analysis and Services - Vibration Specialty Corporation Vibration Specialty Corporation - VSC - Since 1918 Client Login (877) 698-0800 Services Vibrational Analysis Rotor and Dynamic Balancing Engineering Predictive Maintenance Monitoring Training Products Rotor Balancing Tools Protect Wireless SpectraDec SV3X Data Collector Vibration Meter VibScout WinProtect Software Industries Resources Blog White Papers Case Studies Testimonials About About VSC Our History Contact Client Login Forgot Username/Password Login start page START REVOLUTION SLIDER 4.6.5 fullwidth mode SLIDE MAIN IMAGE LAYERS LAYER NR. 1 Predict the Future With SV3X ™ Data Collector Vibration Tester At every step of the way, the SV3X™ vibration tester makes it easy for you. The data you collect are complete, accurate and consistent. Collect data from any transducer system that generates a voltage or uses ICP. Learn More SLIDE MAIN IMAGE LAYERS LAYER NR. 1 Extend Your Investment With Rotor Balancing Services Low Speed and On-Site Balancing Over time, a rotor imbalance deteriorates other mechanical elements, such as bearings or other static parts, magnifying the problem. Rotor Balancing reduces energy costs, extends bearing and equipment life, and improves efficiency. Learn More SLIDE MAIN IMAGE LAYERS LAYER NR. 1 Increase Operational Uptime With Predictive Maintenance Accurately Predict Mechanical Problems on Rotating Machines VSC uses the latest technology, computer analysis, and trending to identify specific faults before a breakdown, enabling the convenience of scheduled repairs. The program’s efficiencies streamline customer maintenance, offering up to a 10 to 1 return on investment. Learn More END REVOLUTION SLIDER To get started, contact VSC today! Contact us How can we help you perform even better? Our history Our Story What We Do Protect Wireless A History of Innovation Vibration Specialty Corporation has been the industrial partner for preventing machinery failures and unnecessary repairs since 1918. In fact, Our history includes helping to pave the way for the Industrial Revolution with such customers as Thomas Edison and Henry Ford. Our service center balanced Mr. Edison’s turbines and generators and Mr. Ford’s Model T crank shafts. Since then, Vibration Specialty Corporation has remained the trusted leader in predictive maintenance by developing and using the most modern technologies for advanced problem detection and resolution. Vibration Specialty Corporation provides 24-hour service in machinery diagnostics, balancing and alignment. Using state-of-the-art instrumentation (now developed-in house), skilled and experienced field engineers, accurately evaluate machine conditions in many industries including power generation, industrial gases, pulp and paper and the marine industry. Read more VSC is in the business of predictive maintenance and machinery condition monitoring to maximize our client’s machinery reliability and uptime. Since 1918, we have developed and used the latest technologies to efficiently identify machinery faults for early maintenance resolution. We guide our clients with specific machinery maintenance recommendations for quick repair resolutions. There is no reason to accept machinery failures or adhere to reactive maintenance practices when a new fire breaks out every day. Vibration Specialty Corporation will help you be proactive with your maintenance so you see problems well before they run off the rails. Smart maintenance is the only type we know, so let us show you the difference. Protect Wireless is VSC’s affordable, online, wireless machine vibration analysis monitoring system. This system allows us to provide you with 24/7 remote expert vibration data analysis support whenever and wherever you need it, to immediately resolve your equipment problems. The Protect Wireless monitoring system not only tracks vibration data but also data from other types of voltage or 4-20 mA sensors. We have monitored the vibration on critical machinery, solar panel output, chiller motor current, weather conditions and any other sensor input you can imagine. Protect Wireless is the ideal system for following any vital sign of your facility for immediate identification via email and text of changing conditions. Facility and machine reliability are paramount to profitability. Protect Wireless will keep your finger on the pulse of your organization for proactively identifying, tracking, and resolving every issue before it has a chance to become an obstruction. Powerful performance requires unmatched precision. Industries We Serve Get the VSC Advantage. Case studies Vibration Analysis Explore all services Vibration Specialty Coproration has remained the trusted leader in vibration analysis since our inception in 1918. Our staff members have between 20 and 30 years of experience conducting vibration analysis and troubleshooting on every type of machinery. The industry experts turn to us when they cannot solve their machinery problems. Conducting vibration analysis takes tremendous skill. Experience is the difference between VSC and all the rest. Vibration Analysis Advantages Diagnose machinery problems Reduce downtime Heighten productivity Improve safety Improve energy efficiency Increase product quality Learn more about Vibration Analysis When performance matters, precision counts. View our products Resources that add value Downloads Technical Papers Click to download Instructions about the files to download Machine vibration severity chart Machine diagnostics case history player Introducing PROTECT Wireless Fact Sheet: Balance – When and Why Fact Sheet: The Need for Precision Alignment Vibration Analysis Detects Elusive Problems Converging Technologies: Continuous and Periodic Vibration Monitoring Vibration Severity Chart: To Determine Machinery Operating Condition From Rigid Mounted Bearing Cap Measurements Predictive Maintenance – Forecasting Upcoming Downtime end page Vibration Specialty Corporation Services Resources Products About Industries Contact VSC has been the industrial partner for preventing machinery failures and unnecessary repairs since 1918. In fact, VSC's history includes helping to pave the way for the Industrial Revolution with such customers as Thomas Edison and Henry Ford. Copyright © 2019. Vibration Specialty Corporation. All Rights Reserved. VSC on Facebook VSC on YouTube VSC on Twitter VSC on LinkedIn Site Map Terms of Use GDPR Privacy Policy Home Services ▼ Analysis Rotor and Dynamic Balancing Engineering Maintenance Monitoring Training Products ▼ Alignment Vibration Analysis Balancing Industries Resources ▼ Blog White Papers Case Studies Testimonials About Contact Client Login (877) 698-0800 