Lloydsandco.com - Manufactures of High Quality Mowing Equipment HOME | MOWERS | TURFCARE SYSTEMS | TOP DRESSERS | TURF MAINTENANCE EQUIPMENT | ABOUT US | CONTACT US WELCOME TO THE LLOYDS & CO OF LETCHWORTH WEBSITE We aim to give you the best value for money over the life of the equipment you plan to purchase. So please take a look at what we have to offer before committing your hard earned budget.   Lloyds have always worked closely with turf professionals responsible for the maintenance and general upkeep of a whole range of sports surfaces, including those used for golf, rugby, football, cricket, tennis and bowls.We manufacture and supply quality robust products some well established, some new, all engineered to give outstanding performance and trouble free service.   Browse the site for information on a range of Paladin pedestrian mowers, Leda Gang Mowers, Top Dressers, Maredo Turfcare Systems, Greenline Flail Collectors and Buffalo Turbine Blowers.   Hunters Precision Grinders has recently become a Division of Lloyds and information on the full range of relief and spin grinders can be accessed via the link www.huntergrinders.com Grinding is not only an essential part it is arguably the most important part of the turf maintenance programme and will now be available with the full support of Lloyds & Co of Letchworth. PRODUCTS GANG MOWERS Standard Lloyds Leda Standard units have 190mm (7.5”) diameter cyclinders 760mm (30”) wide. They can be fitted with cast wheels of 430mm (17”) diameter or 460mm (18”) diameter pneumatic wheels. Cutting cylinders are supplied with 4,5,6,or 9 blades. Giant Lloyds Leda Giant units have 254mm (10”) diameter cylinders 760mm long. They can be fitted with cast wheels of 480mm (19”) diameter or 508mm (20”) diameter pneumatic wheels and is fitted with a 6 bladed cutting cylinder. TOP DRESSERS PALADIN PRODUCTS MENU Mowers Cylinders Gangs Rotaries Hover Turfcare Systems Maredo Range Topdressers Pedestrian Trailed / Mounted Turf Maintenance Equipment Scarifiers Pedestrian Aerators Aerators Vertiflex Blowers Home | Mowers | Turfcare Systems | Top Dressers | Turf Maintenance Equipment | About Us | Contact Us © 2010 lloydsandco.com 