Packaging Machinery Solutions | Hamrick Mfg & Service Hamrick Manufacturing & Service, Inc. Phone:(330)628-4877 Menu Skip to content HOME MACHINERY Case Packers Pick & Place Machinery Tray Packers Case Sealers Uncasers Lane Dividers Specialty & Optional Equipment Tab Lock Breakers Tri-Pak Optional Equipment Robotic Palletizers Hamrick Remanufactured PARTS Parts Request Service Request Service Policy MEDIA Videos In the News BROCHURES CONTACT US Request For Quote Become a Hamrick Sales Representative Finance Application ABOUT HAMRICK Customer Testimonials Guarantee FAQ Search for: #site-navigation #masthead End-of-Line Packaging Machinery Solutions .entry-header Pick & Place Drop Packing Machines Case Sealers Case Erector / Bottom Taper Storage Rack & Transport Cart Uncasers Las Vegas Convention Center | September 23–25, 2019 Visit us at booth 3210 Hamrick Manufacturing is a leading manufacturer in end-of-line packaging equipment – specializing in case packers & tray packers . Hamrick also builds a line of case erectors , case sealers , & uncasers to help our customers find solutions for almost any application. Since 1975, it’s been our mission to provide quality Made in USA packaging machinery at an affordable price, and stand behind it with the best service & support team in the industry. Contact us today and see why so many companies have chosen Hamrick to assist their packaging needs! This is a video of our NEW Unlimited Series CP20 Pick & Place case packer. Models range from 20-30 cycles per minute, based on the application. This is a great option for fragile product to pack at higher speeds. For more information Contact Us , Request a Quote or Call Us Today at (330)-628-4877 . Case/Tray Packers Top-load drop packers for speeds up to 50 cycles per minute Pick & Place Case Packers Servo and robotic options for gentle packaging at speeds up to 30 cycles per minute Tri-Pak Affordable erector/packer/sealer for low-to-medium speed lines Case Erectors Erect and bottom seal cases using glue or tape at speeds up to 35 cycles per minute Case Slitters/Sealers Close and seal top case flaps using glue or tape at speeds up to 50 cycles per minute Uncasers Automated removal of bottles from boxes at speeds up to 60 cycles per minute Lane Dividers Free-standing unit to divide non-round products at speeds up to 350 bottles per minute Robotic Palletizers Fully integrated end-of-line robotic palletizing cells Optional Equipment Machinery add-ons and spare parts After 40 years, Hamrick Manufacturing continues to be a respected leader in the packaging industry. Our experience in design, innovation, and integration of customized machinery has enabled us to place over 3,000 pieces of equipment throughout the world. While most of our business has come from the United States, we’ve also built equipment for companies in Central and South America, Canada, and many locations internationally. Customers and competitors alike have referred to our machinery as being built like “a tank.” We pride ourselves in building robust equipment that withstands the test of time. Your packaging line is an investment, and we make sure to stand beside you each step of the way. Thinking of automating? Here are some of the industries we’ve assisted: Beverage Dairy Brewery Distillery Craft Brewing Chemical Household Cleaning Cosmetic Personal Care – Food Processing Plastics Glass Automotive Oils Pharmaceuticals .entry-content .entry-meta #post #comments #content #primary #main End-of-Line Packaging Machinery Solutions About Hamrick Contact Us Machinery Copyright © 2019 Hamrick Manufacturing & Service, Inc. .site-info #colophon #page ngg_resource_manager_marker CallRail WordPress Integraton DO NOT COPY THIS SNIPPET! &mdash; HubSpot Identification Code End of HubSpot Identification Code &mdash; DO NOT COPY THIS SNIPPET! Start of Async HubSpot Analytics Code for WordPress v1.2.1 End of Async HubSpot Analytics Code Manufacturing Website Design & SEO by Cazbah 