Nixon Industrial Diamonds Ltd - Industrial Diamond Tools Manufactured in Coventry UK Nixon Industrial Diamonds Ltd Manufacturers and suppliers of high quality diamond tooling in standard and customised forms. Established in 1968. HOME | SITE MAP | FAQ | FEEDBACK | CONTACT US | Dressing Inserts Special Categories Single Point Dressers Consumable Dressers Monocrystal Dressers CVD Dressers Cone & Chisel Dressers Wear Parts & Sizing PCD Tools PCBN Tools Training Jobs/Business Opportunities Contact Us Company Profile Business Philosophy Founded in 1968 and based in Great Britain, in the heart of the industrial West Midlands, we are specialist manufacturers and suppliers of high quality diamond tooling. Our company's policy continues to be one of progressive, carefully controlled investment in product development, advanced equipment and skills training. All this is aimed at providing high quality diamond tools commensurate with the needs of modern industry, backed up by dependable deliveries and reliable technical support. Our Customers Coming from widely diversified industries and using a multitude of different work materials, our customers and their needs are always of paramount importance to us. The range and design of our natural and synthetic diamond tools cover virtually all imaginable industrial applications. Prime movers in the aerospace, automotive, ceramic, component sub-contracting, machine tool, nuclear, plastics and woodworking industries are included amongst our discerning customers. An important aspect of our cohesive management structure and teamwork is our ability to respond quickly to customer demands, giving the kind of products and services which always win us repeat business. Quality From the very start, we have always maintained the highest standards in the quality and consistency of our products. Our qualification in the UK Quality Management Standard BS5750 Part 2 was awarded on first application in 1992, followed by the updated Quality Standards ISO9002 in 1994, ISO9001 in 2000 and ISO9001:2008 in 2008 at our first reviews.    Copyright © 2009. Nixon Industrial Diamonds Ltd. all rights reserved 