Tru-line Wheel Alignment | The BEST portable, affordable wheel alignment system on the market today. USA Made. PHONE: 800-496-3777 (US) / 360-371-0552 (Local) <span style="margin-right: 20px;">FAX: <b>360-371-0553</b></span> TAWA EMAIL: INFO@TRU-LINE.NET Toggle navigation Home Alignment Systems Car & Light Truck — TL12 Car & Light Truck — TL12 - Deluxe Race & Stock Car — TR12 Heavy Truck & Trailer — TLT12 Bus, Rv (No Trailer) — TLT12 Trailer Tracking — TT14 Alignment Accessories News Contact About About Us Testimonials Support Body What We Offer Car/Light Truck Alignment Complete Alignment Package Heavy Duty Truck Trailer Portable Racing Set-up RV / Bus Alignment (No Trailer) Trailer Wheel Alignment Tracking Alignment Accessories MADE IN AMERICA Our wheel alignment products are 100% USA Made and will stay that way! Product Information Where to Buy Product Support Alignment Accessories About Us Testimonials Contact Us Car/Light Truck Alignment Accurate, simple, reliable. No rack required. Calibrates in the field. and much more! The cost of ownership on the TL-12 can not be matched by any system in the market. Our units will do everything a system of $40K will do and more. We have no maintenance contracts. The TL-12 is completely portable and can handle any vehicle that rolls up to your shop from small to huge. Get More Information Heavy Duty Truck Trailer Developed by the leading supplier of lasers to the collision repair and wheel alignment industry, the TLT-12 is unsurpassed in simplicity and reliability, and is accurate to 1/64th in. Accurate, simple, reliable. Single system aligns both trucks and trailers. Can align as many axles as you can fit under a chassis, almost any configuration.* *The standard TLT-12 package can be configured to be used on: Busses, RV class, A & C, Multi-Steer Axle, and independent Tractors or Trailers. Get More Information Portable Racing Set-up Full 4 wheel set up. Accurate to 1/64ths in. Completely mechanical. Cuts set-up time in half! The TR-12 is completely portable weighing less than 100 lbs. You can take the TR-12 to every event and make the changes you need, when you need them, within 1/64th of an inch. Get More Information Complete Alignment Package With the new TL-12 Deluxe package you have everything you need to do an alignment in your shop. The system works with 2 post, in ground and drive-on lifts. If your lifts are tied no worries, just move the TL-12 to where you need it. If the vehicle is too large to fit in your shop, do the alignment in the parking lot. Includes: A Complete Laser TL-12 System Front & Rear Stands Slip Plates Turn Tables Get More Information Additional Products Tru-Line offers a number of additional products that go hand-in-hand with our Wheel Alignment Systems. Made right here in the USA, these high quality items are ready to help you get the job done! Head Extension, Slip Plates, Turntables, and much more! Get More Information Car/Light Truck Alignment Heavy Duty Truck Trailer Portable Racing Set-up Complete Alignment Package Additional Products Wheel Alignment that Works! Align anything, anywhere. One machine, one price, no fuss, no muss. Do the job, do it well and do it for decades. That is what a Tru-Line Laser Wheel Alignment System will bring to your shop. Never turn away any alignment - be it a small car, RV, heavy truck or whatever rolls in. You'll be able to align it with one machine, inside or outside. We give it to you straight!!! Portable, compact, onsite calibration in mere seconds, battery operated. 100% USA Made Alignment System. Two year warranty. Priced right. Wheel alignment that works! Tru-Line Systems are Accurate, Affordable, Reliable and Virtually Indestructible. Learn More... Advantages of the Tru-Line Laser Wheel Alignment System Handles a wide variety of vehicle types, anything from passenger cars to trucks, trailers, buses, RVs and racing set-up. Accuracy (up to 1/64") and durability needed to withstand the rigors of today’s service bay. Portable & Compact - weights less than 100 pounds and can easily be store in a corner or hung on a wall until needed. Reliable results, simple operation and manual calibration in seconds. Runs on two D-cell batteries, without the use of cables or computers. No dedicated lift, bay, rack required. Does not require a level surface. Measure toe, camber, caster, SAI, 2-wheel, thrust line and steering-axis inclination. No software upgrades or long term maintenance contracts and no technician to come and calibrate the system. Training video and instruction manual. Covered with a 2-year warranty. Footer Tru-Line News Toyota Partners with Tru-Line Toyota Research and Development has chosen to partner with Tru-Line Laser Alignment to take care of their at-port wheel alignment. Tru-Line’s portability, flexibility, and ability to handle a wide variety of vehicle types caught Toyota’s attention. Zach Zwillinger of Toyota Research and Development calls Tru-Line’s wheel alignment system, “a straight-forward process that makes vehicle suspension alignment simple and effective.” For 30 years Tru-Line has been producing the most portable, reliable, and easy-to-use laser wheel alignment system on the market. Tru-Line believes in quality and in filling the customer needs regardless of vehicle type or working environment. Tru-Line included RaceRamp’s lightweight portable ramps as part of its solution for Toyota Research and Development, with winning results for all parties. READ MORE » Car and Driver – Track Day Accessories Track Home: These items bring the comfort of your crib—and garage—to the circuit From the October Issue of Car and Driver: Car and Driver Gearbox October 2011 A good track day will take you out of your comfort zone, but that can also mean going without certain conveniences. Spend a little money, and the products featured here can ease track days’ discomforts—if not, alas, their humiliations. Tru-Line TL-12 Portable Laser-Alignment System Lasers! The Tru-Line alignment system makes possible those last-minute chassis adjustments. It’s portable and works on uneven surfaces, allowing you to measure and then mess with toe, camber, caster, and steering-axis inclination. The measurements are easy to read, but make sure you have a shop manual on hand in order to properly affect adjustments. Problem: It’s harder to blame the car when you can adjust it on-site. Did we mention the lasers? ($5995) Race & Stock Car Laser Wheel Alignment READ MORE » Testimonial I love the Tru-Line. It's easy to use, and I can use it in any bay of the shop with confidence. Learn the machine, and you will not be disappointed. Alan Kirkes Alan's Auto Repair Talihina, OK About Us Claude Cooke, Laser Engineer was contracted by Rotary lift in the very early 1980s to create a 4 wheel laser alignment machine... READ MORE » Contact Us Tru-Line Wheel Alignment Toll Free: 800-496-3777 Local: 360-371-0552 Fax: 360-371-0553 INFO@TRU-LINE.NET 8231 Blaine Road Blaine, WA 98230 © 2019 Tru-Line Wheel Alignment | All rights reserved. *** SCRIPT *** 