Prime Machine Inc. World Class Shop - Prime Machine, Inc. Search for: Home Machine Shop Services Large Machining multi axis milling and turning Five Axis Machining Large, Precision, Complex Machining Capacities Industrial Engine Machining Industrial Engine Machining and Repair Engine Block Repairs Laser Tracker Measuring Services Fabrication & Welding Welding Titanium mixer shaft Reverse Engineering Metal Spray & Specialty Coatings Mechanical Industrial services Onsite Industrial Services Field Machining On Site at Plant In place machining tooling Primes Reliability Centered Maintenance Dynamic Balancing rotors with precision Metrology Precision Inspection & Laser Measurements Millwrights skilled and experienced Laser Alignments Grouting & Foundation Projects by Industries Power Generation Industrial Fan Repair Turbine Maintenance Pump Repair the best Prime Mining Repair and Services Industrial Crusher maintenance and rebuilds Kiln Maintenance Gearboxes and Drives Jaw Crushers Ball mill maintenance Prime Machine Inc. Aerospace Oil & Gas equipment repairs and manufacturing Compressors & Blowers Pump Repairs Hydro-Electric turbine work Large Jet Valves from design to manufacture to installation Transportation Food & Agriculture Specialties Code Welding ASME and AWS Babbitt Bearings EQUIPMENT DESIGN Machine Tool Repair and Calibration Metal Spray & Specialty Coatings Grouting & Foundation Company Contact Safety Manual Quality Systems Manual Quality Terms and Conditions Employee Manual Certificates Employment Opportunities Calendar videos Prime Replicator lets us make your obsolete or hard to find parts and provide you with a form fit and functional part rapidly and reliably Prime Machine Inc. as a world class performer has the ability to take an obsolete part and manufacture a new part rapidly.  We are able to measure parts with billions […] Read more » James Webb Telescope Prime Laser crews assisted ATK with the precision assembly for James Webb Prime Machine weld fabricated and machined the test stand for the James Webb Space Telescope a LARGE BRIDGE SIZED STRUCTURE BUILT TO WATCHMAKER TOLERANCES.  Additionally we assembled the actual structure […] Read more » World class field machining- On site machining of Screening Drum Canadian Oil Fields Prime Machine Inc. field machining capabilities are unmatched building a portable lathe to turn a monster part twenty two feet in diameter, over sixty feet in length weighing three hundred […] Read more » Mars Rover our machining work is on Mars and our name Prime Machine Inc. is there also WE ARE ON MARS. Prime Machine was part of the MSP 98 Orbiter project launched successfully December 11, 1998.  Prime Machine machined the composite structures of the heat shields for […] Read more » Prime Replicator lets us make your obsolete or hard to find parts and provide you with a form fit and functional part rapidly and reliably November 11, 2015 Leave a comment Prime Machine Inc. as a world class performer has the ability to take an obsolete part and manufacture a new part rapidly.  We are able […] James Webb Telescope Prime Laser crews assisted ATK with the precision assembly for James Webb October 25, 2015 Leave a comment Prime Machine weld fabricated and machined the test stand for the James Webb Space Telescope a LARGE BRIDGE SIZED STRUCTURE BUILT TO WATCHMAKER TOLERANCES.  Additionally […] World class field machining- On site machining of Screening Drum Canadian Oil Fields October 25, 2015 Leave a comment Prime Machine Inc. field machining capabilities are unmatched building a portable lathe to turn a monster part twenty two feet in diameter, over sixty feet […] Mars Rover our machining work is on Mars and our name Prime Machine Inc. is there also October 25, 2015 Leave a comment WE ARE ON MARS. Prime Machine was part of the MSP 98 Orbiter project launched successfully December 11, 1998.  Prime Machine machined the composite structures […] Search for: Recent Posts Prime Replicator lets us make your obsolete or hard to find parts and provide you with a form fit and functional part rapidly and reliably James Webb Telescope Prime Laser crews assisted ATK with the precision assembly for James Webb World class field machining- On site machining of Screening Drum Canadian Oil Fields Mars Rover our machining work is on Mars and our name Prime Machine Inc. is there also 575 West 800 South | Salt Lake City, Utah 84101 (801) 575-8430 Copyright © 1997 - 2019 Prime Machine Inc. * All trademarks and registered names remain property of their respective owners. Unless otherwise specified, no association between Prime Mahine, Inc. and any trademark holder is expressed or implied. end #wrapper 