Active Harmonic Filters | Induction Heating Power Inverters | Mesta Electronics begin container begin header begin header left   end header left begin header right Mesta Electronics   11020 Parker Drive | N. Huntingdon, PA 15642 Phone:(412) 754-3000 Email: sales@mesta.com end header right begin navigation Home Products Engineering Capabilities About Us Newsroom Literature Contact Us end navigation end header begin content begin slider Active Harmonic Filters Actively reduces harmonic distortion to less than 5% Helps meet ANSI/IEEE-519 requirements Instantly reacts to and corrects for varying loads Reduces utility costs and corrects power factor to near unity. Induction Heating Inverters Provides optimal precision and control with output power control resolution of .00625%. Provides greater control stability by varying output voltage instead of frequency. Increased productivity and decreased maintenance costs compared to water cooled systems. Offers efficiency of over 97% helping to reduce production costs. Mesta Active Harmonic Filters The active harmonic filter is extremely effective in applications to ensure IEEE-519 compliance, like food processing facilities. Made in U.S.A Mesta equipment is proudly manufactured in the U.S.A. end slider begin infobox Contact Us Mesta Electronics, Inc. specializes in the design, development, and manufacture of advanced power quality and power conversion equipment. Mesta's products offer innovative design, superior efficiency, and exceptional reliability, ranging from highly advanced harmonic filters to extremely precise induction heating power supplies. Mesta is involved in several different industries; its induction heating power supplies are prominent in the crystal and material growth market, while its active harmonic filters can be found in a variety of different manufacturing, water, and power facilities. Since 1977, Mesta has proudly been a family run company and has continued to grow throughout its second generation of leadership.   Mesta News   Overview Mesta Launches New 3rd Gen Active Harmonic Filter , Including Full Color HMI Display and Updated Controls, North Huntingdon, PA March 6, 2019   Mesta Electronics Inc. has officially launched its new 3rd Generation Mesta DPM Active Harmonic Filter. The new active harmonic filter boasts many new features including a full color HMI Display. In addition the much easier to use front display, its updated controls allows for the user to easily evalute comprehensive historical information. This can be done via the HMI display or downloaded straight to a USB for easy computer viewing.   The active filter provides customers with a comprehensive plant wide solution to mitigate harmonics and improve power quality when using non-linear loads. Read more about this new unit by following this link! (Click for More News)   Mesta Electronics, Inc. designs and manufactures advanced power quality and power conversion equipment including:   - DPM™ Active Harmonic Filters -Induction Heating Power Supplies -Uninterruptible Power Supplies -Engineering   Affiliations       Contact Us end infobox end content begin footer begin footer top end footer top begin footer bottom     Â© 2015 Mesta Electronics, Inc. | All rights reserved. end footer bottom end footer end container 