Rototest | Contact Contact Rethinking Powertrain Testing Rototest has established a new benchmark for Powertrain Dynamometers. Time optimizing and cost reducing solutions that will advance your R&D into the next decade, providing an unprecedented versatility to meet the demands of tomorrow. Contact us Our products Rethinking Powertrain Testing Rototest has established a new benchmark for Powertrain Dynamometers. Time optimizing and cost reducing solutions that will advance your R&D into the next decade, providing an unprecedented versatility to meet the demands of tomorrow. Contact us Our products Our Solutions Will Help You To Propel your automotive projects faster and with higher precision or simply – do more in less time and with less expense. Optimize Your Time Time is a precious resource in any R&D project. With Rototest’s accessible test systems your valuable time can be focused on critical development tasks instead of time consuming tedious ones. This thanks to built-in, time optimizing features such as integrated vehicle model and quick vehicle set-ups. Reduce Your Costs New buildings, upgrade of existing or a move to new locations are occasions that traditionally required serious considerations from a facility decision standpoint. The facility managers of our customers have found our flexible test systems to be the natural choice to overcome such challenges. Advance Your Technology Skilled engineers need the right tools to excel in their profession. Our focus is to give you the best possible solution to utilize the inner strength of your team and give your know-how new ways to exceed the expectations on tomorrow’s vehicles. Engineering trends By adopting new ways of thinking we assist our customers to overcome the challenges of today as well as of tomorrow. Corporate Road-to-Lab policies Rototest’s solutions support the global trend of moving road tests to controlled indoor environments. Thru our ROAD to ROTOTEST initiative we provide our customers with controlled testing environments that validates to road tests. EV-range/CO2 reduction With increasing consumer demands for longer EV range and more stringent emission legislation for CO2 powertrain efficiency has become an important area of research and development. Rototest’s solutions with direct-coupled, high accuracy systems enable its customers to reach their goals faster. Powertrain complexity Through electrification, hybridization and multiple propulsion units, the control complexity of powertrains is expected to continue for many years to come. But the complexity also brings new ways of controlling a vehicle’s road interaction that has not before been possible. Building infrastructure With the expanding globalization of the automotive industry, relocation, regional peak demands etc puts additional pressure on utilization of existing buildings as well as new building infrastructure. The trend towards more flexible solutions assist future changes in requirements and demands. About us Founded in January 1988, Rototest was established by a group of engineers with solid experience in product development in the vehicle industry. After a few years, devoted to intense development and testing, Rototest pioneered the market by introducing the world’s first hub-coupled dynamometer. Since then, Rototest has evolved into a test system supplier with a reputation and quality recognized by its eminent customers. With an ongoing dedication to improve the technology and a wholehearted belief in the value of long-term R&D investments, Rototest’s experienced team, knowledgeable in both product development and testing techniques, constantly works to improve designs. Detailed and active participation by the owners provides the customer with a contact point and a management overview of development and production programs. Rototest’s management is always available and participates in key program milestones when appropriate. As it was in the beginning, Rototest’s company culture is one in which full employee participation is encouraged. The company pursues a policy of recruiting the best thinkers, building a deep pool of talent in the process. Once part of the team, Rototest’s employees are encouraged to innovate, share ideas, and work together to propel the company into the future. Rototest test solutions has won great approval over the years and is today used by many of the world’s renowned industrial companies in more than 25 countries across North America, Europe, Asia and Africa. Our flexible solutions General power train Thanks to our flexible test system solution we can tailor a configuration that is right for you now but also in the future. NVH Our flexible NVH solutions enables you to experience noise measurements at an unparalleled level, and this without tires. Climatic Whether arctic or subtropical, our flexible climatic test systems offer testing with the same ease and cost-effectiveness as any other ROTOTEST system Our applications Thanks to the innovative design concept, Rototest’s test systems are a natural fit in numerous test applications. And thanks to their flexibility our customers are continuously exploring and expanding into new applications areas. Events 21st – 23rd of May 2019 Testing Expo – Stuttgart Messe – Germany Meet Rototest and experience the dynamometer system running live at Stand 1234, Hall 10. www.testing-expo.com/europe/en Smarter Engineers  run ROTOTEST Links Produkter Applikationer Om oss Contact us Copyright © Rototest Produced by The Generation Rototest uses cookies on this website to optimize your experience. If you do not accept our usage of cookies, you cannot use this service. Ok Read more 