Siromer Compact Tractors and Equipment Your browser does not support inline frames or is currently configured not to display inline frames. Click here for Siromer Reviews About Siromer Welcome to Siromer Tractors..... Your one stop shop for compact tractors & equipment. We are a family owned business that began in 1999 when we were the 1st company to introduce flatpack tractors to the UK, since then we have sold over 4000 compact tractors & built a solid reputation for providing high spec, top quality manufactured, robust & affordable compact tractors along with our 1st rate customer support & nationwide network of Siromer Dealers. The Siromer line up consists of 3 ranges that span from 16hp - 75hp. Our smaller models are available to purchase as a flatpack, giving you the option to build your own, whilst our largest models come pre-assembled. The 50hp - 75hp tractors are also fitted with a cab giving you protection from the weather. If you choose to build your own your tractor it will arrive boxed & complete with a comprehensive instruction manual...all you need to add is some basic mechanical knowledge. Our tractors are extremely popular with smallholders, farmers, landscapers, orchards, golf courses & many more who are looking for a robust yet compact machine.... read our reviews Call today to speak to one of our team & for an unbiased opinion we’ll happily put you in touch with a local Siromer Tractor owner, on average there’ll be one within 10 miles of you - but if not then you will be entitled to a discount! (mainland UK only) Social Media Tweets by @siromertractors compact tractor / small tractor Equipment Siromer Equipment launched in 2011 and offers the same incredible value as the compact tractor / small tractor range. Our equipment range is the highest grade compact tractor / small tractor equipment produced in China. Offering an equipment range allows you to put together a package suitable for the task(s) in hand, ask Siromer or your local dealer about package prices. Watch our current most popular compact tractor / small tractor equipment video, which features a 204E and 5ft Topper, suitable for CAT 1 compact tractor / small tractor 3 point linkage. SIROMER TRACTORS TAYLORS LANE INDUSTRIAL TAYLORS LANE PILLING PR3 6AB Phone Siromer on 01253 799 029 for more information and a FREE brochure 