 New & Refurbished Welding,Cutting, Positional Equipment search our catalogue GO View Equipment For Sale VIEW back Equipment For Sale Plasma Cutters Orbital Welding Equipment Tube and Pipe Tooling Seam Welding Machines Welding Positioners Pipe Rotators Column & Booms Submerged Arc Welders Specialised & Automated Welding Tractors TIG Welders MIG Welders Diesel Welders Welding Power Sources Spot Welders Stud Welders Fume Extraction Units Machine Tools Spares and Parts Profile Cutting New Welding Machines Sell Your Equipment To Us VIEW About Us About Westermans Why Choose Us? Customer Reviews International Trade Meet the Staff Visit Us Get In Touch For Hire Current Hire Fleet Equipment for Hire Orbital Welding for Hire Pipe Rotators for Hire Welding Positioners for Hire Our Services Search by Manufacturers Which Machine? Types of Equipment Repairs and Servicing Refurbishing Equipment Knowledge Base Help & Info Get In Touch News Frequently Asked Questions International Support Worldwide Delivery Careers and Training Welding Links Community News Case Studies News & Resources phone call our sales team now +44 (0)116 269 6941 follow us on language Select Language English Deutsch phone +44 (0)116 269 6941 mail_outline welding@westermans.com chat_bubble_outline live chat Sell to Us phone_in_talk email shopping_basket GO shopping_basket Quote Basket Manufacturers For Sale Plasma Cutters Profile Cutting Systems Orbital Welding Equipment Tube and Pipe Tooling Seam Welding Machines Welding Positioners Pipe Rotators Column & Booms Submerged Arc Welders Specialised & Automated Welding Tractors TIG Welders MIG Welders Diesel Welders Welding Power Sources Spot Welders Stud Welders Fume Extraction Units Machine Tools New Welding Machines For Hire Current Hire Fleet Equipment for Hire Orbital Welding for Hire Pipe Rotators for Hire Welding Positioners for Hire Our Services Search by Manufacturers Which Machine? Types of Equipment Repairs and Servicing Refurbishing Equipment Knowledge Base Sell Your Machine To Us We buy ANY used medium to heavy duty welding or cutting equipment. About Us About Us Why Choose Us? Customer Reviews International Trade Meet the Staff Visit Us Get In Touch Help Live Chat Have a Question? Our staff have many, many years of experience! Chat Now Get In Touch News Frequently Asked Questions International Support Worldwide Delivery Careers and Training Welding Links Community News Case Studies Global Dealers of Used Industrial Welding & Cutting Solutions Do you want to buy a reliable and efficient welding machine that will enhance your process and products, benefit the operator and improve productivity? With our range of modern used and refurbished machinery we guarantee it to be possible. Find Out More Sell surplus or redundant equipment to us! If you’re thinking about disposing of any used welding or CNC plasma cutting equipment we’d love to talk to you. We’re interested in buying various machines ranging from orbital welding systems, subarc welders, positioners and rotators, mechanised plasma cutters and the latest models of industrial TIG and MIG welding plants. Find Out More Over 400 quality used machines in stock in Leicester, UK We buy and sell all the leading brands and with one of the largest stock of used machines in the welding and cutting industry you are sure to find something to suit your budget. Find Out More A family run business with over 50 years in the industry As Dealers with a wealth of experience specialising in used and refurbished welding, cutting and positioning equipment, we can offer impartial and trusted advise to help you find an affordable solution for your welding and fabrication project. Find Out More Search our wide range of products What are you looking for? tip: keep it short and use a keyword or brand search Why buy from Westermans International? Over 400 Used Machines in Stock in Leicester Fast Worldwide Delivery Despatch in 2-14 Days Minimum 4 Months Warranty Included Qualified Engineers for Support & Training Welding Solutions Affordable to Everyone With over 50 years buying and selling Welding & Cutting Equipment all around the world we definitely know the importance of investing in the best technology and solutions at a price you can afford. For 2019 we will also support many organisations promoting WELDING, addressing the skills shortage of worldwide welders, we are committed to invest into the UK Welding and Fabrication industry alongside the AWD and Welding World. We are also delighted to sponsor for the 3rd year running the British Women's Motocross 2019 Championship Do you want to buy a reliable and efficient welding machine that will enhance your process and products, benefit the operator and improve productivity? With our range of modern used and refurbished machinery we guarantee it to be possible. Purchase with Confidence - Invest in high quality machinery without spending a fortune. Don’t take our word for it, read the Reviews . Choose from a large selection of refurbished welding plant and associated CNC plasma cutting machinery all at a fraction of the new list price. The majority of our 500 products stocked could be delivered to your door within a few days. This year we are excited to be the official UK and Ireland Agent for ProArc. Adding new ProArc welding and cutting equipment will simply semi-automate your current welding projects. Westermans are proud to be the largest Specialist supplier and buyer in Europe. We are also very helpful, so give us a call for some up to date advice with old fashioned prices. Read More Search by system type view all products Profile Cutters Plasma Cutters Orbital Welding Equipment Tube and Pipe Tooling Seam Welding Machines Welding Positioners Pipe Rotators Column & Boom Submerged Arc Welders Specialised & Automated Welding Tractors TIG Welders MIG Welders Diesel Welders Welding Power Sources Spot Welders Stud Welders Fume Extraction Units Latest Stock Oerlikon CB-Matic LF tandem head subarc ... AMI 307 Orbital Tube Welding Power Source ... AMI 8-6625 Closed Fusion Weld Head View All Equipment We are rated on email Register Today! Subscribe for our latest stock updates and exclusive offers! register Latest News Does refurbished mean used? Wednesday 17th July 2019 President of the Welding World Tuesday 16th July 2019 Wind Tower and Turbine Manufacturing are changing Friday 5th July 2019 View all News Search for new and used equipment by manufacturer Our Awards and accreditations Worldwide Shipping taken care of with every Westermans order Find Out More email Register Now! to receive our latest Stock Updates & Exclusive Offers Register By submitting your details you consent to their use in accordance with our Privacy Policy phone Get in touch, call our team on +44 (0)116 269 6941 follow us on add About Us About Us Why Choose Us? Customer Reviews International Trade Meet the Staff Visit Us Get In Touch add For Sale Plasma Cutters CNC Profile Cutting Systems Orbital Welding Equipment Seam Welding Machines Welding Positioners Pipe Rotators Column & Boom Submerged Arc Welders Specialised & Automated Welding Tractors TIG Welders MIG Welders Diesel Welders Welding Power Sources Spot Welders Stud Welders Fume Extraction Units Machine Tools Spares and Parts New Welding Machines Tube and Pipe Tooling add For Hire Current Hire Fleet Equipment for Hire Orbital Welding for Hire Pipe Rotators for Hire Welding Positioners for Hire add Our Services Search by Manufacturers Which Machine? Types of Equipment Repairs and Servicing Refurbishing Equipment Knowledge Base add Help & Info News Frequently Asked Questions International Support Worldwide Delivery Careers and Training Welding Links Community News Case Studies About Us About Us Why Choose Us? Customer Reviews International Trade Meet the Staff Visit Us Get In Touch For Sale Plasma Cutters CNC Profile Cutting Systems Orbital Welding Equipment Seam Welding Machines Welding Positioners Pipe Rotators Column & Boom Submerged Arc Welders Specialised & Automated Welding Tractors TIG Welders MIG Welders Diesel Welders Welding Power Sources Spot Welders Stud Welders Fume Extraction Units Machine Tools New Welding Machines Tube and Pipe Tooling For Hire Equipment for Hire Orbital Welding for Hire Pipe Rotators for Hire Welding Positioners for Hire Our Services Search by Manufacturers Which Machine? Types of Equipment Repairs and Servicing Refurbishing Equipment Knowledge Base Help & Info News Frequently Asked Questions International Support Worldwide Delivery Careers and Training Welding Links Community News Case Studies Contact Details Get in touch or call our team on +44 (0)116 269 6941 language Select Language English Deutsch © Copyright 2006-2019 | Company Registration Number 4945851 | VAT Number GB 399 6230 06 Site Developed by Tony Hearn Ltd & OneLine Designs . Designed by OneLine Designs Privacy Policy | Cookie Policy | Terms & Conditions 