Machine Manufacturing Shop Minneapolis, St Paul & Bloomington | Custom Machinery, Automated Systems & Specialty Equipment | Welding, Jigs & Fixtur.. Start content section                                                ROTHER MACHINE 700 10th St. E., Hastings, MN 55033 651-437-2423 Complete Design and Engineering Services, Fabrication, Assembly  & Industrial Controls. Home About Us Contact Us Custom Equipment Machine Design Photo Gallery Home About Us Contact Us Custom Equipment Machine Design Photo Gallery   Since 1970, Rother Machine has designed and built specialty equipment and machines to fill our customers specific and unique needs. We pride ourselves in making our customers job easier by taking their project from concept to completion. Rother Machine specializes in the manufacturing  of specialty equipment and automated systems  including dies, weldments, jigs & fixtures. We Design and Build Custom Machinery For 45 years, Rother Machine has been providing design and engineering services, fabrication, assembly, and industrial controls to Minneapolis-area manufacturing clients in the food, packaging, computer and technology, automotive, medical, electrical, plastics and paper industries. From Concept to Completion At Rother Machine, we develop and build specialized or prototype machines from concept. Our extensive experience as custom machine builders, beginning at the design stage, enables us to build partnerships that focus on long-term value for our clients. Machine Manufacturing Many manufacturing operations are challenged at some point with slow production rates, quality control issues, and operator fatigue. We can help with custom machinery , an automated machine or other automated systems , a specialty machine or new machine design . Our extrusion tooling capabilities help ensure that no matter how unique your situation is, we can help produce the right machine equipment for your business. Jigs and Fixtures Improve consistency during assembly with custom Rother Machine-designed and manufactured jigs and fixtures . In our Minneapolis machine shop, we put our specialty equipment together with our engineering, welding and fabrication expertise to work on your particular challenge, so that in the end you can increase the quality of your product. Our custom fixtures help precisely position parts used in bolting, pinning or fitting, and our custom welding fixtures pave the way for precision, quality welds. Contact Rother Machine Today Whether you need a small, second operation machine, a complete new system, or a machine repair, call us today at 651-437-2423 and let us help you get started. Whether you need a small, second operation machine or a complete system, Rother Machine has the expertise and ability to fill all of your requirements.   .. Tweet Copyright © Rother Machine, 700 10th St. E., Hastings, MN 55033 651-437-2423 • Fax: 651-437-5383 | Sitemap  | Blog. Web Hosting powered by Network Solutions® End content section Start nsWebstats code. Copyright 2010 networksolutions.com More info available at http://networksolutions.com End nsWebStats tracking code. 