 Engineering & Industrial Services | Extrusion Services   Engineering & Industrial Services, LLC. Custom Machinery To Fit Your Needs (574) 722-3714   Home About Us Products Accumulators Adhesive & Coating Applications Belts Control Systems Conveyors Cooling & Calibration Tanks Custom Machine & Tooling Cutting Equipment Dancers Drilling Equipment Drying Systems Dust Collection Flocking Hot Water Wash Tanks Liquid Media Curing Ovens / Heating Payoff / Winders Pullers Robot Integration Roll Formers Industrial Parts Washing Systems Services Brochures Quote Contact Us Skip Navigation Links Welcome to Engineering & Industrial Services, LLC. EIS has been providing our customers with reliable and cost-effective solutions for over 30 years. Whether you make automotive, medical, industrial or other products parts, Engineering & Industrial Services, LLC. can DESIGN, FABRICATE and INSTALL complete systems to meet your needs. But that’s not all we do. We offer industrial equipment used in a variety of manufacturing. Explore our website to learn about our wide array of services and equipment. Custom Machinery & Automation for Over 35 Years Automated Assembly Machines Material Handling Systems Packaging Equipment Vision Systems Electrical Panels Robot Integration Material Payoff Systems Conveyors Adhesive Application & Coating Systems Accumulation Systems Heaters & Ovens Automated Drill Machines Cut To Size Equipment Commitment. Quality Services. It’s Who We Are. Our Products Are Backed By Excellence in Service   At Engineering & Industrial Services, LLC. (EIS) we are, and always have been, committed to providing our customers with Excellence In Service. From the day a request for a quote is made, to the day that the equipment is commissioned, we strive to provide you with the best possible experience. We opened our doors in 1977 and ever since then we have been our providing customers with reliable and cost-effective solutions. Our design team has many years of experience in the extrusion industry; making it possible for us to state that we not only have the ability, but also the experience needed to meet the demands of the ever changing manufacturing industry. Engineering & Industrial Services, LLC. 2095 S County Road 150 E Logansport, Indiana 46947 (USA) Phone: (574) 722-3714 Fax: (574) 753-8635 E-Mail: sales@eislogan.com 2095 S. C.R. 150 E. Logansport, IN 46947 Copyright 2019 Engineering & Industrial Services, LLC.   Site by Pro Websites LLC 