Idesa :: Ingeniería y Diseño Europeo S.A IDESA, Ingeniería y Diseño Europeo, S.A. fin zona logo fin 4 fin2 fin row ESP ENG aqui empieza el menú el botón del colapso Menu Toggle navigation fin nvbar header botón del colapso Index About IDESA Letter from Jesús Alonso Villarón, IDESA Chairman The Company Mission, Vision, Values Policy Code of Conduct Staff Certificates Management Committee Business lines Manufacturing of Capital Goods Industrial Plants Marine Energy Capabilities Facilities Engineering Welding Fabrication Other Facilities Logistics and Transport R+D+i References Contact Contact Suggestions Box Work with us Suppliers Work Offers Send your CV fin navbarjcollapse fin navbar fin bloque del menu fin row menu fin container Engineering and Manufacturing of Static Equipment for Onshore & Offshore, Modular Constructions and Field Services Providing Services in Refineries and Industrial Plants Since 1993 Leading Supplier of Large Manufactured Equipment Engineering and Execution of Turnarounds Your Reliable Supplier of Static Equipment for the Offshore Energy Sector Skids Fabrication and Modular Construction Worlwide Leader on Design and Fabrication of Coke Drums /.carousel Industrial plants IDIP provides multidisciplinary solutions to its Clients by means of four business lines: turnarounds , modular solutions , Tanks & Construction . More information Manufacturing of capital goods IDESA owns 2 production facilities  located in the north of Spain from which more than 5.000 items  have been manufactured and in which 95% of the production is  exported abroad . More information Marine energy IDESA is a highly active Company in the Offshore Oil & Gas sector, for which we supply structural components for highly demanding projects and pressure vessels for process units. More information fin row fin container Most relevant references These are ones of our most important references See all fin row FCC TAR Galp 2018 fin caja ref COKE DRUMS FOR CHEVRON fin caja ref FCK FOR PETROPERÚ fin caja ref Coke Drums TAR Repsol Puertollano 2018 fin caja ref fin row fin bloque ref fin col-flex fin row fin container About Idesa Founded in 1993, IDESA has grown to be one of the most important companies in the design and manufacturing of capital goods worldwide. IDESA is one of the leading suppliers in the manufacturing of large equipment, such as Coke Drums, Vacuum Columns, Fractionators, Reactors, equipment for FCC and FCK units ... etc. and is also a reference in the manufacturing of foundations and equipment for the Offshore Oil & Gas sector as well as a committed and reliable company for work and services in the field. More information Download brochure fin datos fin row fin container This year we will visit Gas Indonesia Summit & Exhibition ... see you in Jakarta!!!!! More information fin row fin container fin fondo amarillo Certificates The quality system of IDESA is ISO 9001 certified and IDESA also has the  "U" & "U2" ASME  Stamp and is certified for  CE Mark  for pressure vessels and welded structures  (EN1090) ,  ISO 3834-2  Quality requirements for fusion welding of metallic materials and  CTR-GOST Passport  for pressure vessels destined for Russia. fin row fin row fin container Social Media Office C/ Profesor Potter nº 105. C.P. 33203 - Gijón (Asturias), España Contact details Phone: (+34) 985 175 705 idesa@idesa.net fin row fin container fin zona footer Legal advice | Privacy policy | Cookies policy Web design: ticmedia.es fin container 