Plasma Cutter | CNC Plasma Cutter & Cutting Sytem | Profile Cutting System CALL (AUST) +61 (3) 9305 2555 | (USA) +1-800 656 1903 | info@profilecuttingsystems.com Call for a FREE Onsite Consultation Home PCS Machine Models PCS BHB Series PCS MHB Series PCS EHD Series PCS HD Series PCS FL PCS SRII Series PCS 1500 Portable Oxy Fuel Cutting Machines Machine Options Plasma Bevel Head Oxy Bevel Head BT-40 Drill Head Spot Drill Mechanized Plasma Cutters KALIBURN Plasma Power Source’s Spirit II 400 Plasma Cutters Spirit II 275 Plasma Cutters Spirit II 150 Plasma Cutters HYPERTHERM Plasma Power Source’s Powermax 45 Powermax 65 Powermax 85 Powermax 105 Powermax 125 MaxPro 200 HPR130XD HPR260XD HPR400XD HPR800XD Plate Marking Heads PCS Paintjet Marker PCS Pin Marker CNC Controls Burny Phantom II Burny Phantom ST Burny 10 LCD Plus Hypertherm Edge Pro PCS Cutting Tables Software CAM Software PCS Software Applications Services Gas and Plasma Consumables Gallery Contact Home Mason 2019-07-03T13:48:59+10:00 With cutting edge technology, PCS is the The Ultimate in CNC Machines Manufacturer’s of CNC Plasma Cutter and Drilling Machines! PCS BHB – The Ultimate Combination Cutting and Drilling Machine With strong emphasis on making the most ridged, durable and powerful CNC Plasma cutting and drilling machine on the market, the PCS BHB Series machine is the most productive cutting and drilling machine available.  Boasting a 60HP BT-50 main spindle, 24 station Automatic Tool Changer, fully fabricated and engineered main beam – The BHB makes light work of even the most demanding and complicated jobs. PCS EHD – High Performance Cutting and Drilling Machine The PCS Heavy Duty (EHD) CNC cutting machine was first introduced in 1989 and was designed to suit extreme environments often encountered in large steel processing centers. The EHD machine soon gained the reputation of a ‘workhorse’ thanks to its reliability and longevity. It has since evolved into a state-of-the-art cutting machine with options ranging from Plasma Beveling, Oxy/Fuel Beveling, Drilling, Tapping, Machining, Pipe Cutting, Pin Marking, Paint-Jet Marking and much more. PCS SRII – Affordable High Quality CNC Plasma Oxy Fuel Cutting Machine The all new PCS-SRII machine was designed by PCS to be an efficient, high quality and cost effective CNC Plasma Cutting Machine. But don’t be mistaken, the PCS-SR cutting machine will make light work of even the heaviest steel plate, with options of up to 6 Oxy Fuel torches and a Plasma Cutter up to 400 amps! PCS MHB – Heavy Duty Drilling Machine The PCS MHB is designed for multi-process, high productivity plate processing with a large focus on machine rigidity and capability. The MHB comes standard with a state-of-the-art 3 DIGITAL axis CNC drill capable of High Speed Drilling, Tapping, Boring and Countersinking. Optional configuration of Flame cutting, Plasma cutting, Plasma & Flame Bevelling, Pipe Cutting, Ink Jet Printing, Pin Marking or any combination, all with precision motion control – you’re possibilities are endless! PCS HD – CNC Plasma and Oxy Fuel Cutting Machine The PCS HD – Heavy Duty CNC plasma and oxy fuel cutting machine was first introduced in 1989 and was designed to suit extreme environments often encountered in large steel processing centers. The HD plasma and oxy fuel cutting machine soon gained the reputation of a ‘workhorse’ thanks to its reliability and longevity. It has since evolved into a state-of-the-art cutting machine with options ranging from Plasma Bevelling, Oxy/Fuel Bevelling, Drilling (8HP), Tapping, Machining, Pipe Cutting, Pin Marking, Paint-Jet Marking and much more. PCS FL – High Definition CNC Plasma Cutter The PCS FL    plasma cutter is designed for high speed, high accuracy cutting of material up to 50mm thick. The superior construction of the integrated cutting bed, frame and fume extraction system allows for a clean and ultra-precise cut. The drive motors are at almost the same level as the cutting torch thereby minimising flexing and twisting forces and ensuring that the highest quality cut is produced. For more PCS Models Find More Manufacturer of latest technology Computer Numerically Controlled (CNC) Gas and Plasma Cutting Machines PCS is at the forefront of design, manufacturing, installation and servicing of CNC plasma cutting machines, Oxy Fuel cutting machines and CNC Plasma cutting and drilling machines with over 500 CNC plasma cutters and Oxy Fuel cutting machines worldwide and international sales and support spanning Australia, Europe, Asia, South East Asia and America.   Enquire Now! PCS have a strong belief of keeping up with Technology and Innovation. CNC Plasma Cutter When it comes to your next CNC plasma cutter, the team at Profile Cutting Systems has got you covered. With a knowledge and passion for crafting superior, accurate, and safe plasma cutters, we can elevate the quality of your work. At PCS, we have a strong belief in keeping up with technology and innovation. The PCS research and development team are continually designing, developing and patenting new and innovative products such as: The new PCS Plasma Bevel Head The PCS TurboGas Oxy cutting system The BT-40 retrofittable Drilling Head The PCS automated Steel Grate plasma cutting system; and The PCS BHB with a 60HP Single Spindle Drill and a 24-tool Automatic Tool Changer. To ensure that our clients receive the highest level of quality, we have designed our CNC plasma cutting machines to exceed industry safety standards as well as operational parameters and regulations. At Profile Cutting Systems, our expert team of designers and fabricators are always looking to improve the quality and accuracy of our plasma cutting machines. We constantly develop and incorporate new technologies across our range of cutting machines. Our specially-designed CNC plasma cutters ensure that operators get a better cut, which exceeds specifications and design requirements. To learn more about the benefits of our unique CNC cutters, feel free to contact us today. In addition to cutting-edge and innovative CNC cutter products, Profile Cutting Systems also manufactures and supplies exceptional and durable plasma burn tables Our products support market leading plasma systems such as the Hypertherm Powermax® and precision plasma systems from Hypertherm and Lincoln Electric. To learn more about how you can benefit from our plasma cutting machines and industry knowledge, please call us today. Get More information on Profile Cutting Systems Enquire Now! Profile Cutting Systems (PCS) was established in 1989 by three highly experienced electronic and mechanical technicians, with a combined total of 60 years expertise in manufacture, service and use of flame cutting/burning and plasma cutting machines. The company has since grown into a leading manufacturer of profile cutting machines. Quick Menu Home Services Brochures About Us Contact Search Contact United States of America Address: Burlington, Iowa, 52601 USA Phone: (USA) 800 656 1903 Mobile: (319) 750-1458 Email: info@profilecuttingsystems.com Web: www.profilecuttingsystems.com Australia Address: 19 Foden Avenue Campbellfield, Victoria Australia 3061 Phone: (AUST) +61 (3) 9305 2555 Fax: +61 (3) 9305 2121 Email: info@profilecuttingsystems.com Web: www.profilecuttingsystems.com Copyright 2015 Profile Cutting Systems | All Rights Reserved [if lte IE 8]> <script type="text/javascript" src="http://www.profilecuttingsystems.com/wp-content/themes/Avada/assets/js/respond.js"></script> <![endif] 