Sunset Tool of Southwest Michigan – Tooling and Engineering Services Skip to content Skip to footer Sunset Tool Tooling and Engineering Services Home Services Prototyping Contract CNC Machining Fixtures & Gauges Research & Development Tooling Engineering Request Quote Employment Videos Partner Links STI Team Contact Main Content "Providing what our customers want, when they want it." Our Services Engineering Services Our engineering and services department is dedicated to taking your product from an idea to the marketplace. Read More Tooling From project to production, Sunset Tool has the expertise and experience to fabricate your tools to your specifications. Read More Research and Development Research and Development is the answer to being prepared in an ever changing business environment. Read More Fixtures and Gauges Major manufacturers of high quality parts and components have been relying on Sunset Tool gauges and fixtures for years. Read More Contract CNC Machining We take great pride in delivering 100% quality finished products that meet our customer’s exact specifications. Read More Prototyping Our Rapid Prototype Development and Short-run Injection Molding capabilities can reduce lead time and get your product to market faster. Read More Look to Sunset to improve your bottom line. It just makes good business sense to work with the highly skilled staff at Sunset Total on your next project. Our four enduring principles will have a positive impact on your bottom line. The Strength of Partnership The true challenge for any business is juggling limited resources, constantly changing technologies, and narrowing timelines while maintaining a commitment to innovation and product optimization. The solution is Sunset Tool, an engineering partner who offers a single source solution to accelerate projects and exceed goals. The Value of Personal Involvement The most valuable resource we offer is personal involvement. With a pool of qualified engineers and technicians committed to your project’s vision, Sunset Tool can provide a fresh perspective. To spark innovation and support your success, we combine creative thinking with our experience and education. The Importance of Control Maintaining project control is paramount to a successful project. That’s why we take the time to discuss your project’s objectives, priorities, timelines and budgets. Determining how to move forward becomes a joint endeavor. We work hard to earn your trust and to make sure that we meet or exceed your expectations. Peace of Mind A competitive marketplace requires confidentiality. As your partner in business, our success depends on your success. With each proposal, we assure the protection of all information relating to a project considered proprietary. It’s just one more way we prove our commitment to you. View Our Brochure Footer Contact Sunset Tool, Inc. 9890 Red Arrow Highway Bridgman, MI 49106 PH   269-465-4555 800-695-3349 FX    269-465-9191 Facebook LinkedIn About Sunset Tool is a well-established company specializing in custom machine work, serving our customers with an unmatched attention to detail and quality workmanship.   Since 1993, Sunset Tool has been providing world class tooling and engineering services to die casters, manufacturers, iron and aluminum foundries and the plastics industry. We pride ourselves on our excellent customer service that includes prompt communication, timely quotes and on-time delivery. Read More Our Location © 2016 Sunset Tool · Website Design by Net Designs Home Services Request Quote Employment Videos Partner Links STI Team Contact 