Home: G.N.R. srl - Analytical Instruments Group Login Register   Language  English Italiano Contact us for more information Follow us on:  Toggle navigation Applications Products Service News About Us × Applications Metals Advanced analytical solutions for metal industries. Material Science Analytical solutions to ensure the highest quality in production processes and in chemical and mineralogical tests. Chemical & Petrochemical Products and solutions for a complete and accurate analysis in the chemical and petrochemical sectors. Clinical XRF, XRD and TXRF solutions for clinical and forensic domain. Pharmaceutical Products and Solutions to grant health and quality in pharmaceutical domain. Environment Solutions to meet the increasingly stringent standards in the environmental field. × Products Optical Emission Spectrometry Optical Emission Spectrometer (OES) is a well-known tecnique for the elemental analysis of the ferrous and not ferrous alloys. Verify GNR products, distributed worldwide. X-Ray Diffraction Non-destructive technique for the qualitative and quantitative analysis of the crystalline materials. X-Ray Diffraction Applications Check GNR Applications Notes and References in the XRD domain. X-Ray Fluorescence Non destructive tecnique for analysis of solids, liquids, powders and alloys. Rotrode Emission Spectrometer Spectrometers designed to determine trace concentration of wear metals, polluting materials and additives in lubricating oils, transmission and refrigerating liquids. Sample Preparation Machines Machines for samples preparation × Service Register Login × About Us History Quality First GNR Head Office GNR Representatives Metals Advanced Solutions to perform different and wide analytical tasks in the Metal Industry  Solaris CCD Plus Cost effective CCD based Spectrometer  with outstanding technology and highly reliable results S1 MiniLab 150 Ultra Compact Optical Emission Spectrometer argon flushed with outstanding performance Clinical GNR XRF, XRD and TXRF Solutions to support medical and forensic analysis Material Science Discover how GNR Instruments could offer robust and reliable solutions for Material Testing and Research StressX A flexible solution to residual stress determination. Fast and reliable equipment for Quality Assurance and Quality Control  Pharmaceuticals GNR Solutions to improve quality and reduce costs in pharmaceutical domain Europe Benchtop Diffraction System with outstanding performance  Environment How GNR Solutions could help for environmental investigations and research Chemical & Petrochemical Products and Solutions for accurate analysis in the chemical domain AreX GNR proposal for measuring Retained Austenite in the industrial domain. Look at AreX page for additional information. Welcome to GNR! GNR, founded in 1984, is an italian producer of advanced analytical instruments. We develop, manufacture and distribute world-wide optical emission spectrometers, x-ray diffractometers and x-ray fluorescence instruments.  Have a look into our website to identify if any of your requirements can be covered by GNR solutions and products. Top news New Explorer Brochure Available Have a look to the new advanced functionalities of GNR Multi Purpose Diffractometer      Read more AreX: an innovative solution for Retained Austenite Measurement If you are interested in the Residual Austenite measurement and you operates in a laboratory or in a industry line, have a look at AreX features. You... Read more GNR Application Notes and Scientific Publications Available in our website, the GNR Application Notes and Scientific Publications section related to XRD solutions provided by GNR company during these... Read more Automatic Grinder Machine  LP 200, the new automatic grinder machine by GNR  Read more GNR Brochure for OES and X-Ray Instruments New version of OES and X-Ray product catalogue Read more Benchtop Theta/Theta Diffractometer released GNR is proud to announce the new GNR benchtop diffractometer with Theta/Theta goniometer.  Europe 600 offers unique analytical capabilities that... Read more Benchtop TXRF Spectrometer Released Horizon  is the new Benchtop Total Reflection X-Ray Fluorescence Spectrometer (TXRF) for multi elemental qualitative and quantitative analyses for... Read more Verichek, new Distributor in USA and Canada GNR is very glad to introduce Verichek as new distributor in USA and Canada.  Read more CONTROL 2019 GNR will be exhibiting in Control 2019, Stuttgart Germany Read more ECHT 2019 Conference GNR will be present as sponsor at the European Conference on Heat Treatment held in Bardolino, Italy. Read more GIFA 2019 GNR will be exhibiting in 14th International Foundry Trade Fair GIFA 2019, Dusseldorf Germany Read more Product Lines Optical Emission Spectrometer Optical Emission Spectrometry (OES) is an analytical technique, universally considered and used to determine the chemical composition of metal alloys. GNR analytical instruments, thanks to its 30 years experience in the field, has tuned-up a huge range of analysers in order to offer the most suitable instrument for any customer requirements. View products > X-Ray Diffraction X-Ray Diffraction (XRD) is a non-destructive technique for the qualitative and quantitative analysis of the crystalline materials, in form of powder or solid. GNR has developed, in cooperation with academic and industrial users, a set of technically advanced and flexible diffractometers able to satisfy several level of requirements and different operating budget. View products > X-Ray Fluorescence X-Ray Fluorescence is a non destructive tecnique suitable for solids, liquids, powders and alloys.  GNR is proud to present TX 2000 (TXRF) and Prospector, handheld EDXRF elemental analysis system. View products > 2019 © - All rights reserved - G.N.R. s.r.l. - Analytical Instruments Group - P.IVA 01572250031 This site uses technical and analytical cookies. For more information please see our cookie policy or contact us. You have made no selection about cookies. Website privacy policy . 