Downdraft Equipment | Industrial Dust Collection Systems | DualDraw Facebook Linkedin Purchase Filters & Accessories mobile logo sticky header logo Home Products Downdraft Tables Downdraft Booths Wet Dust Collectors Walk-In Clean Air Stations Stand-Alone Filter Systems Self-Cleaning Cartridge Collectors Mail Screening Equipment Used Equipment Custom Engineered Products Purchase Filters & Accessories Applications Dust Collection Combustible Dust Collection Smoke Extraction Fume Control Unique Applications Services Preventative Maintenance Plans Replacement Filter Program Equipment Start-Up and Training Mail Screening About Dualdraw Patented Technology Why Choose Dualdraw? Team Background Customer List Dualdraw Blog Communications Help Center Request a Quote Photo Gallery Service Request Frequently Asked Questions Product Brochures and Videos Equipment Color Options Case Studies Videos Distributor Resource Portal Contact DualDraw Our Warranty Request a Quote 800-977-2125 START REVOLUTION SLIDER 5.2.5 fullwidth mode SLIDE MAIN IMAGE LAYERS LAYER NR. 1 LAYER NR. 2 Dust & Fume Collection Equipment Designed to Fit Your Application LAYER NR. 3 DualDraw helps customers protect operators, control cross-contamination of facilities, and comply with complex indoor air quality regulatory codes with its patented, US manufactured air filtration equipment. LAYER NR. 4 REQUEST A QUOTE LAYER NR. 5 WATCH VIDEO SLIDE MAIN IMAGE LAYERS LAYER NR. 1 Dust & Fume Collection Equipment Designed to Fit Your Application LAYER NR. 2 DualDraw helps customers protect operators, control cross-contamination of facilities, and comply with complex indoor air quality regulatory codes with its patented, US manufactured air filtration equipment. LAYER NR. 3 REQUEST A QUOTE LAYER NR. 4 WATCH VIDEO LAYER NR. 5 SLIDE MAIN IMAGE LAYERS LAYER NR. 1 Dust & Fume Collection Equipment Designed to Fit Your Application LAYER NR. 2 DualDraw helps customers protect operators, control cross-contamination of facilities, and comply with complex indoor air quality regulatory codes with its patented, US manufactured air filtration equipment. LAYER NR. 3 REQUEST A QUOTE LAYER NR. 4 WATCH VIDEO LAYER NR. 5 SLIDE MAIN IMAGE LAYERS LAYER NR. 1 Dust & Fume Collection Equipment Designed to Fit Your Application LAYER NR. 2 DualDraw helps customers protect operators, control cross-contamination of facilities, and comply with complex indoor air quality regulatory codes with its patented, US manufactured air filtration equipment. LAYER NR. 3 REQUEST A QUOTE LAYER NR. 4 WATCH VIDEO LAYER NR. 5 SLIDE MAIN IMAGE LAYERS LAYER NR. 1 Dust & Fume Collection Equipment Designed to Fit Your Application LAYER NR. 2 DualDraw helps customers protect operators, control cross-contamination of facilities, and comply with complex indoor air quality regulatory codes with its patented, US manufactured air filtration equipment. LAYER NR. 3 REQUEST A QUOTE LAYER NR. 4 WATCH VIDEO LAYER NR. 5 SLIDE MAIN IMAGE LAYERS LAYER NR. 1 Dust & Fume Collection Equipment Designed to Fit Your Application LAYER NR. 2 DualDraw helps customers protect operators, control cross-contamination of facilities, and comply with complex indoor air quality regulatory codes with its patented, US manufactured air filtration equipment. LAYER NR. 3 REQUEST A QUOTE LAYER NR. 4 WATCH VIDEO LAYER NR. 5 SLIDE MAIN IMAGE LAYERS LAYER NR. 1 Dust & Fume Collection Equipment Designed to Fit Your Application LAYER NR. 2 DualDraw helps customers protect operators, control cross-contamination of facilities, and comply with complex indoor air quality regulatory codes with its patented, US manufactured air filtration equipment. LAYER NR. 3 REQUEST A QUOTE LAYER NR. 4 WATCH VIDEO LAYER NR. 5 SLIDE MAIN IMAGE LAYERS LAYER NR. 1 Dust & Fume Collection Equipment Designed to Fit Your Application LAYER NR. 2 DualDraw helps customers protect operators, control cross-contamination of facilities, and comply with complex indoor air quality regulatory codes with its patented, US manufactured air filtration equipment. LAYER NR. 3 REQUEST A QUOTE LAYER NR. 4 WATCH VIDEO LAYER NR. 5 END REVOLUTION SLIDER Home admin 2019-05-19T20:21:15+00:00 Why DualDraw? We will help you breathe easier. In 1995, DualDraw was founded with the goal to help people breathe easier. Running a busy job shop, we came to realize our technicians were experiencing serious health issues due to the inhalation of welding fume and grinding dust.  This caused concern about our employees’ well-being. We felt the negative business impact of employee absenteeism from this hazard and also were experiencing significant facility cross contamination. The airborne dust was contaminating sensitive processes and causing expensive equipment to breakdown.  Something had to be done. This prompted the design and build of our first downdraft table and a business was born.  The solution worked so well we patented the technology and began marketing our equipment.  Today, we continue to accomplish our founding objective of helping people breathe easier. Not only through the improvement of employee health but also through helping owners and management of organizations navigate the complexities of complying with indoor air quality regulations from agencies such as OSHA and NFPA. Our patented air filtration designs, DualDraw downdraft tables, downdraft booths, walk-in clean air stations, stand alone filter systems, and other air filtration solutions help numerous organizations both domestically and internationally. We hope we have the opportunity to help you as well. We worked with the knowledgeable DualDraw technical sales staff to help us select the proper equipment to address our combustible aluminum dust hazard from a sanding operation. We appreciated the time they took to thoroughly explain the various NFPA standards and how their equipment follows these guidelines. The downdraft tables are used daily and have performed excellent! Tama-Lisa Johnson, Buyer , Pioneer Industries Manufacturing We have ordered multiple DualDraw downdraft tables to help us address our air quality challenges from various applications. Including the capture of combustible aluminum dust – a hazard we take very seriously due to the explosion concerns. The company and their distributors have always been willing and able to work with me on any slight modifications that were needed for my particular applications. The equipment works great and DualDraw’s professionalism and follow-through has been top notch for all of my projects Eric Pierstorff, Continuous Integration Process Engineer , Crown Equipment Corporation The four downdraft tables we purchased are great. Our employees really like them – a lot cleaner and healthier. They are working really well! Thank you DualDraw for your help addressing our air quality issue. Preston Kemp, President , Norbrook Plating Inc Manufactures of Dust & Fume Collection Equipment since 1995 Our patented, high-quality downdraft tables, downdraft booths, and other air filtration equipment provide thousands of domestic and international customers with safety relief. Downdraft Tables The DualDraw Downdraft Table with the proprietary vented back wall is an air filtration solution designed to balance containment with application versatility. This unique solution (our BG Series) incorporates the patented DualDraw symmetrical airflow of a perforated downdraft work surface and vented backdraft wall. VIEW PRODUCTS Downdraft Booths DualDraw Downdraft Booths include the signature DualDraw patented perforated work surface and vented back stop to capture dust or fumes. The downdraft booth style (TB series) allows for maximum containment of dust and fumes through its three sided enclosure that surrounds the downdraft work surface and vented back. VIEW PRODUCTS Wet Dust Collectors The DualDraw Wet Collectors (WC Series) are filtration systems designed to capture combustible dust from processes such as grinding, deburring, cutting, polishing, mixing, and many others. These are available as stand-alone scrubbers, walk-in clean air stations, or as downdraft work tables. VIEW PRODUCTS Walk-In Clean Air Stations DualDraw Walk-In Clean Air Stations (WI Series) are self-contained filtration rooms that can enclose a wide variety of applications generating harmful dust, smoke, or fumes.  They are designed to address some of the most challenging indoor air quality problems. VIEW PRODUCTS Stand-Alone Filter Systems The DualDraw Stand-Alone Filter systems (SAF Series) are highly versatile filtration units designed to collect hazardous dust and fumes – they come standard with an enclosed fan system, filtration, and a connection flange for accommodating tables, hoods, saws, grinding wheels, extraction arms, or other equipment enclosures. VIEW PRODUCTS Custom Engineered Products DualDraw is approached by customers from a wide variety of industries – if your application is producing a dust or fume that is creating a hazard then chances are that we can help. Our process starts with DualDraw staff working directly with you to gain a deep level of understanding and the unique challenges you may have. VIEW PRODUCTS Custom Requirements? Partner with our engineering team to develop an optimal and cost-effective solution. CONTACT US Popular DualDraw FAQ’s: Why are DualDraw downdraft tables unique in the marketplace? We hold certain patents that are specific to the design of our air filtration equipment including our downdraft tables and booths (US Patent 5,807,414. 6,290,740, and US Patents Pending Application Numbers 15345259 and 15345287). The symmetrical airflow that is created as a result of the perforated design of the table surface and vented back set us apart in the marketplace.  We also are the only manufacturer that has tested our wet collector scrubber design independently tested for efficiency.  This design is used in our wet downdraft tables.  Please ask us for the report today! Can I speak with a customer who is currently using your product? Absolutely. We have many satisfied customers across the country and internationally that use our downdraft equipment. Call us and we will put you in touch with a few that can speak to you about our product and their experience with our company. Can someone come visit my facility to view the problem I want to address? Typically we can easily arrange for this to happen through our experienced network of nationwide distributors or direct with a representative from our factory. More often, the application is something we have addressed multiple times and through some questioning we will be able to quickly determine if there is a good fit between our product and your situation. If the application is complex or there are other reasons that necessitate a visit, we are more than happy to work with you to make this happen. Can you customize solutions? We specialize in customization. Call us today to begin working with our design team. See All FAQs fusion-row #main Contact Us Request A Quote © Copyright 2012 - 2017 | All Rights Reserved fusion-fusion-copyright-content fusion-row #footer fusion-footer wrapper W3TC-include-js-head [if IE 9]> <script type='text/javascript' src='https://www.dualdraw.com/wp-content/themes/Avada/assets/js/avada-ie9.js?ver=5.0.6'></script> <![endif] [if lt IE 9]> <script type='text/javascript' src='https://www.dualdraw.com/wp-content/themes/Avada/assets/js/respond.js?ver=5.0.6'></script> <![endif] [if lte IE 8]> <script type="text/javascript" src="https://www.dualdraw.com/wp-content/themes/Avada/assets/js/respond.js"></script> <![endif] 