Hawkes Technical - Cutting Presses, Beam Presses, Die Cutting, Clicker Presses fwtable fwsrc="new-top.png" fwbase="top.gif" fwstyle="Dreamweaver" fwdocid = "1797697097" fwnested="0" For over 30 years Hawkes have supplied cutting presses and cutting systems. Offering a wide range of cutting solutions to convert soft or semi-rigid materials to suit your production volume and budget requirements. Hawkes offer you the benefit of many years experience in cutting solutions and aim to exceed your expectations by working to high quality standards and offering you value for money. We are always conscious of the drive down on cost whilst improving innovation in cutting techniques, endeavoring to always give our customers what they want. Now introducing the next generation latest technology in cutting systems focusing on large area kiss-cutting, automation and fully tailored systems to reduce ongoing conversion costs in manufacturing. Hawkes offer you both new and used cutting systems: from the smallest manual Swing Beam Press, Travelling Head Press, manual and fully automatic Beam Press systems, CNC Controlled Travelling Head Press Systems, High Speed  Kiss-Cutting Systems and Tailor Made Cutting Systems to meet all your production requirements. Systems to suit a wide range of applications: Cutting, kiss-cutting, laminating, scratch free laminating, slitting, sheet feeding, cutting to register, creasing, perforating, automatic part/slug knock-out, waste collection and much more. We also supply cutting belts, cutting boards, spare parts and have our own service engineers to install & back-up our equipment. We are centrally located, near 4 major airports in England and offer showroom facilities with many cutting systems on show. We are always pleased to welcome you to our facility and arrange a demonstration of our products first hand.  fwtable fwsrc="foot.png" fwbase="foot.jpg" fwstyle="Dreamweaver" fwdocid = "40282177" fwnested="0"     Products & Services - Applications - About Hawkes - Showroom - Location - Contact - Site Map - Useful Links - Terms & Conditions HAWKES TECHNICAL LTD, SPENCER PARADE, STANWICK, NORTHAMPTONSHIRE, NN9 6QL, ENGLAND Telephone: +44(0)1933 622492 Fax: 01933 624092 Website design by in.house.media nike dunk low tory burch boots Nike SB Dunk Air Force 1 Classic Mid Lacoste Shoes Men Lacoste Shoes Online Nike Dunk Shoes christian louboutin shoes christian louboutin boots Nike Air Max christian louboutin pumps 