Cheese Making Equipment Google Tag Manager (noscript) End Google Tag Manager (noscript) Welcome to GEA Change language Other languages Loading We use cookies on this website. By using this site, you agree that we may store and access cookies on your device. View our  cookie policy . Ok Company Investors Press Careers Contact Language (EN) Products Applications Services TechnologyTalks News Events Search Search Back Products Automation & Control Systems Brewing Systems Centrifuges & Separation Equipment Chillers & Heat Pumps Cleaners & Sterilizers Compressors Distillation & Fermentation Systems Dryers & Particle Processing Plants Emission Control Systems Evaporators & Crystallizers Farm Equipment Filling & Packaging Systems Food Processing Systems Freezers Granulators Homogenizers Liquid Processing Systems Membrane Filtration Systems Milking Systems Mixers & Blenders Product Handling Systems Pumps & Valves Tablet Presses Vacuum Systems Looking for a specific product? Product & Solution Finder Applications queries Back Applications Beverage Chemical Dairy Farming Dairy Processing Food Home & Personal Care Leisure & Sport Marine Pharma Transportation Utilities Back Services Installation Commissioning Training Spare Parts Corrective Maintenance Preventive Maintenance Upgrades / Modernization / Optimization Predictive Maintenance Factory-rebuilt Performance Contracts On-site Project Support Service Software Products GEA Service Improve the life cycle cost of your plant and equipment. Learn more Have an emergency on your hands? Service Hotline Service Hotline Cheese Making Equipment Overview Overview Services Installation Commissioning Training Spare Parts Corrective Maintenance Preventive Maintenance Upgrades / Modernization / Optimization Predictive Maintenance Factory-rebuilt Performance Contracts On-site Project Support Service Software Products X A full supply of cheese making technology - from milk processing through to packaging - makes GEA a competent provider of cheese plants. GEA is your partner in design, engineering and manufacturing of complete production systems for soft/fresh-, semi-hard and hard cheeses. Cheese Making Vats GEA portfolio of cylindrical coagulators and hydraulic setting vats has been developed to offer flexible processing for a range of pasta filata cheeses, from the small scale right up to industrial scale manufacturing. We have used our in depth understanding of the industry and engineering expertise to design solutions for processing top quality pasta filata cheese from established and new recipes. Cylindrical coagulators for curd processing Hydraulic setting vats Curd Drainage, Maturation & Feeding GEA has worked alongside industry to develop complete systems for curd feeding, drainage and maturation, which give our customers versatile options for processing a wide range of pasta filata cheeses. Our batch and continuous solutions will let you produce the highest quality curd cheeses, whatever your process. Drainage and maturation systems with auger Feeding units Hardening and Brining Vats Brining and hardening are the final, critical processes in the production of high quality semi-hard cheeses. GEA has worked with the industry to develop a modular, configurable series of brining vats and hardening vats that can be configured to fit any plant layout and capacity. Brining vats Hardening vats Molding and Pressing Machines GEA offers drum molding equipment, curd draining, molding and pre-hardening units, together with lid and mold handling, pressing machines and all-in-one combination systems. Cheese Presses Draining and Molding Drum molding machines Mold and Lid Handling Molding and pre-hardening units Molding machines for provolone and caciocavallo Salt Dosage System & Hot Water Heaters Salt dosing is a key stage in producing many types of curd cheeses. GEA offers a comprehensive range of equipment for the precise dosing and homogeneous mixing of either liquid or dry salt. We also offer a portfolio of direct and indirect steam water heaters for cheese processing, which can be configured to heat up to 2,000 liters of water to 90°C, every hour. Dry Salt Dosage Systems Hot water heaters for cheese Liquid salt dosage systems Steam Stretching machines – Continuous Type Using this technique the steam is incorporated into the product, so no stretching water or whey are generated as by-products. This minimizes the need for liquid recovery, skimming or cooling, and can enable energy savings of 30%. Steam stretching can also increase production yields by up to 1% when compared with hot water stretching. Stretching Machines - Steam Steam stretching can offer a number of advantages over traditional hot water stretching, for producing a wide range of curd cheeses. GEA offers a versatile portfolio of batch and continuous steam stretching units and combination steam and hot water stretching systems, which can enable energy savings of up to 30%, result in significant increases in yield, and reduce water usage and waste. Steam Stretching Machines – Batch type Steam Stretching machines – Continuous Type Stretching Machines - Water GEA offers an extensive range of hot water stretching machines with augers, dipping arms and rotary paddles, together with curd cutting equipment for highly versatile batch or continuous processing of curd cheeses. For pilot and small-scale producers we offer a compact, all-in-one stretching machine and molding unit with a small footprint, but without compromising on GEA renowned high-quality processing. Curd Cutters Hot water stretching & Molding unit with dipping arms Stretching machines with dipping arms Stretching machines with rotary paddle LinkedIn Facebook Twitter WeChat Scan QR to share on WeChat GEA is one of the largest technology suppliers for food processing and a wide range of other industries. The global group specializes in machinery, plants, as well as process technology and components.  GEA provides sustainable solutions for sophisticated production processes in diverse end-user markets and offers a comprehensive service portfolio.  Contact us Jobs 33 Available jobs worldwide. Find your next job in the GEA family. Search jobs Share price Investor Relations GEA Group GEA Craft Brewing GEA Food GEA Pharma GEA Farming GEA Group GEA Food GEA Pharma GEA Farming GEA Events Scan QR to open our WeChat profile Follow us on Quick Links Dairy Farming Dealer Login Document Search GEA Merchandise Shop GEA Videos Website Support Founding Partner of MassChallenge Switzerland Imprint & Terms of Use Privacy policy Cookie policy Sitemap © GEA Group Aktiengesellschaft 2019 