sortimat Technology - Home Our company History 1959 The sixties The seventies The eighties The nineties 2000 2010 Our philosophy Facts and figures Our people Assembly technology Our products sortimat Spaceline sortimat Jetwing sortimat Discovery sortimat assembly systems for cleanrooms sortimat end-to-end production systems Technology Assembly technologies Paper banding Marking and printing Vision systems Dosing and filling Labeling Hot sealing Testing and inspection Tube coiling Cutting, punching and pressing Screwing Welding PLC's Tip forming Packaging sortimat innovations Markets and customers Industries Countries Customers Key considerations Infusion set Catheter In-vitro diagnostic cartridge Powder inhaler Reference projects Infusion products Injection products Pen systems Diagnostic products Inhalation products Healthcare products Project management Services Qualification and validation Projekt plan Risk analysis Qualification stages Pre-sales service After-sales support After-sales support Spare-parts service Training Services Services Handling technology Our products sortimat tray handlers Clearliner sortimat tray handlers Clearliner for Euro/ISO pallets sortimat tray-lifting device Add-on technologies Parts handling Testing and inspection Labeling and printing PLCs Markets & customers Industries Countries Customers Services Tray design Expert advice After-sales support Search German Career opportunities Full-time positions Apprenticeships Internships Speculative applications Information center Trade shows Downloads Glossary Data privacy policy Site notice Locations & Contact Cambridge, Canada (Head Office) Winnenden, Germany St. Georgen, Germany Rolling Meadows, IL USA You are here: Home   start content                         Welcome to sortimat - an ATS affiliate: Assembly systems and handling systems For more than 50 years, sortimat Technology has provided the equipment and services to keep manufacturing companies at the cutting edge of innovation. We are a leading provider of assembly systems for the medical, pharmaceutical and cosmetics industries , and a key player in the production handling systems for engineering companies. In June 2010, the sortimat Group joined Canadian based ATS Automation , a world leader in industrial automation.  Serving the life sciences, transportation, energy, and consumer markets, ATS has experience integrating over 15,000 high performance automation systems ranging from prototype machines to precision multi-station assembly systems to factory-wide automation solutions. With 23 facilities and a highly skilled workforce of 3,500 employees worldwide, ATS has the experience, innovation, scale, and global presence to support you in achieving your manufacturing goals.   MediaObjekt Picture Assembly technology We offer a wide variety of assembly technology: everything from semi-automatic assembly machines, to sophisticated end-to-end and fully-automatic assembly lines. Companies in over 40 countries use sortimat systems, mainly in cleanrooms, to manufacture their products. In fact, more than 2,500 of our machines are in action all over the world.     MediaObjekt Picture Feeder technology sortimat also offers ground-breaking feeder technology in the shape of sorting, transporting, and separating systems. These range from bowl feeders, step feeders and linear vibratory conveyors, to tray handlers Clearliner, drum feeders, and the Birkman turnkey feeder system, complete with separator and pick-and-place units.     MediaObjekt Picture Handling technology At our handling systems subsidiary in St. Georgen, Baden-Württemberg, we develop, design and build industrial handling solutions. The first products in our portfolio are standardized tray-handlers - sortimat Clearliner - with made-to-measure components and trays.         MediaObjekt Picture     Top   end content 