Heat treatment equipment from Globe Heat Treatment Services Ltd Our time (GMT): Click here to download our catalogue Your time: Header +44 (0) 151 548 5281 enq@globeheat.com Navigation MENU MENU Home About us Testimonials Account details check Services Calibration In- House Furnace Facility Repair Products Heat Treatment Units Recorders Programmers Thermocouple Attachment Units Mains Units Inverter Power Source Ceramic Heating Elements Insulation & Mesh Cables & Splitters High Velocity Gas Plugs & Sockets Ceramic Beads Spares Recorder Spares Transformer Spares Wires & Cable Spares Miscellaneous Spares International News Contact us My quote Search <input type="submit" class="button" value="Go!"> Mobile navigation MENU MENU Home About Globe Heat Treatment Services Ltd Testimonials Services Calibration In- House Furnace Facility Repair Products Heat Treatment Units Recorders Programmers Thermocouple Attachment Units Mains Units Inverter Power Source Ceramic Heating Elements Cables & Splitters High Velocity Gas Plugs & Sockets Transformer Spares Ceramic Beads Spares Wires & Cable Spares Miscellaneous Spares International News Contact us My quote Slider Page title area Welcome to Globe Heat Treatment Services Ltd Leading Heat Treatment Equipment Manufacturers   Click on this link to use our request a quote section for a fast and stress free response to your heat treatment equipment needs. Intro content Globe Heat Treatment Services Ltd are a globally recognised manufacturer of high quality heat treatment equipment and high velocity gas equipment. We have a team of highly skilled technicians who design and manufacture our equipment in house. They have a broad knowledge of the industry and its requirements and we can offer advice and guidance on your heat treatment requirements. We manufacture all our products in the UK and export all over the world directly form our workshop in Merseyside. Our location gives us great access to local sea and airports which enables us to ship your goods quickly and efficiently. Our products are built to the highest standards with top quality parts. The modern designs of our transformers and heat treatment centres ensure that the equipment we manufacture is  reliable, easy to use and durable. Our friendly and professional sales team will assist with any queries you may have about our products and ensure that you will find our prices competitive.   Product area Globe Heat Treatment Products You can take a look at our heat treatment products here, view the technical specifications and create your own quote . With one click you can send the quote to our team and we’ll get back to you with a price in 24 hours. Start of deqw 50kVA, 6 Way Mobile Power Source Transformer Product code : GHT1001 View product Start of deqw Chino Recorder, 12 Point, EH3127-001 : GHT 2001 Product code : GHT2001 View product Start of deqw 10 bead wide 60V ceramic pad heater : GHT 5126 Product code : GHT5126 View product Start of deqw GTW Thermocouple Attachment Unit : GHT 4001 Product code : GHT4001 View product View all products Services area Our services A selection of our range of  heat treatment related services. Start of deqw Calibration In order to keep your heat treatment equipment running effectively it is recommended that static equipment is calibrated on an… Read more Start of deqw In- House Furnace Facility We have an in-house furnace measuring 2.2m x 2.2m x 1.5m which can hold fabrications weighing up to two tonnes. … Read more Start of deqw Repair As with most machinery, problems seem to arise when you least want them to, which can cause your process to… Read more View all services Latest news area Latest news   Start of deqw Merry Christmas Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays from Globe Heat Treatment to all our friends and customers around the world who are… Read more Start of deqw Introducing our new P159TDA mini controller/programmer We are pleased to introduce our new single channel mini controller/programmer, the P159TDA. The P159TDA (product Code GHT3043) is an upgraded… Read more Start of deqw Introducing Proweact, our new distributor in Egypt Globe Heat Treatment Services Ltd are pleased to announce that we have formally established a distributor agreement with Proweact based… Read more Read all news articles Accreditations Accreditations end #content Units 3-5 & 7 Venture Works Charleywood Road, Knowsley Industrial Park North Merseyside, L33 7SG, UK T. +44 (0) 151 548 5281 E. enq@globeheat.com Privacy Policy Terms of Business Cookie Policy ©2019 Globe Heat Treatment Services Ltd Website design & development by Ident Creative Ltd end #inner-footer end .footer 