Machines and Instruments to Test and Measure the Physical Properties of Materials | Testing Machines, Inc. Home 0 In Cart Products By Test Application Adhesive and Label Testing Coating Testing Corrugated Testing Film and Foil Testers Food Testing Ink and Printability Testing Medical Product Testing Package Testing Paper and Tissue Testing Plastic Testing Pulp and Sheet Making Testing Rubber and Foam Testing Sample Preparation Surface Property Testing Textile and Non-Wovens Testing Universal Material Properties Testing Other Applications Testing By Test Property Adhesion Testers Bending / Folding / Stiffness Testers Burst Strength Testers Coefficient of Friction (CoF) and Slip Tester Compressive Strength Testers Contact Angle Testers Density and Specific Gravity Testers Freeness & Beating Testers Hardness Testers Heat Sealing Testers Hot Tack Seal Testers Impact Strength Testers Ink Rub Testers Internal Bond Testers Melt Flow Indexers Optical Properties Testers Peel and Release Strength Testers Permeability Testers Porosity Testers Printability Testers Probe Tack Testers Roughness Testers Smoothness Testers Softness Testers Tear Testers Tensile Strength / Stress / Strain Testers Thickness - Bulking Testers Other Property Testers By Standard Online Store Product Index | Calibration & Service | News & Events | About TMI | Customer Support | Contact Us English Chinese English German Spanish Language Login Please click one of the links below to find TMI instruments and related products sorted by test application, test property, or test standard. Products by Application Products by Test Property Products by Standard Introducing a NEW Modern Ink Rub Tester Continuous NEW product developments at TMI announce the introduction of the model 10-20 Ink Rub Tester. The new unit features 5 fixed speeds and variable speed selection between 20 and 110 cycles per second. A new robust mechanical design and enhanced electronics provide unmatched capabilities and precision. Read More . Visit the TMI booth to see the latest test equipment for Packaging and Plastics testing! PACK EXPO 2019 Sept. 23 - 25, 2019 Las Vegas, NV USA Booth #US-7888 TMI Proudly introduces our NEW 32-76e COF tester with Peel Capabilities Our NEW 32-76e coefficient of friction/peel tester uses advanced digital force signaling and high-speed data acquisition software to provide unmatched precision and repeatability in COF and peel testing. Improved features include a color touchscreen display, GraphMasterPro PC-software package and intuitive software user interface for easy navigation and test method storage. New peel testing capabilities include 180° peel and T-peel measurements. View product page /   Request a quote Messmer Buchel Introduces New S-Test for measuring CMT-Corrugated Medium Test The 17-38 S-Test is a new test method developed as an alternative to the CMT test. The new method was developed to measure the compressive strength of the flute/medium. A 15 mm wide specimen of uncorrugated medium is placed between two clamps. The span between the clamps is 4mm and the clamps have an offset of 1mm. The offset of 1mm compresses the flute to form an “S” shape during the test. The test result is the maximum compressive force. The S-Test can be correlated to the first plateau of the CMT. View product page NEW! Elmendorf Tear with Spencer Impact Attachment The model 83-76 is an automated tear tester equipped with an optical encoder for measuring the angular position of the pendulum and converting this measurement to Elmendorf tear units. The Spencer Impact attachment measures puncture resistance of plastic films. The Spencer Impact test is based on ASTM D 3420 (part B). View product page / Request a quote Other Recent New Product Launches NEW: S-Tester for Corrugated Medium Sheffield Bendtsen Roughness, 58-29: View Product Page Auto Density Measurement System, 21-25: View Product Page New Manual Melt Flow Index Testers: View Basic Tester , View Advanced Tester Thickness Tester, 49-86: View Product Page See Contact Angle Goniometer, 68-76 Wood Chip Classifier, 71-01, renewed and improved: View Product Page Help us help you! Take a moment and check off which industry(ies) you're in.   Industries: Adhesives and Labels Consumer Products Corrugated and Board Flexible Packaging and Films Inks and Coatings Nonwoven and Textiles Packaging Paper and Pulp Plastics and Resins Testing Services and Government Tissue Paper Other Thanks! Enjoy your visit, and let us know if we can help you find something.   © 2019 Testing Machines, Inc., All rights reserved. Privacy Statement | Terms of Use 