Krones – we do more. Google Tag Manager (noscript) End Google Tag Manager (noscript) Close Cookies on Krones websites We use cookies to offer you the best experience with the website. Additional information Permit cookies Close Deutsch English Español 中文 Krones worldwide Close Search Searching... No results Advanced Search Krones Products Products Product homepage Product upgrades Product overhauls Academy Innovations Complete solutions Machines References Service Products Components, lines and plants for beverages and liquid food Company Company Company homepage Quarterly statement Q1 2019 Krones Group Annual Report 2018 Sustainability programme enviro About us Investor Relations Responsibility Press Suppliers Company We do more. Career Career Career homepage Job advertisements Newsboard Career Be part of our team search search Home Products Back to Home Start screen Products Innovations Complete solutions Back to Products Start screen Complete solutions Complete factories Back to Complete solutions Start screen Complete factories Plant engineering Products Components, lines and plants for beverages and liquid food Contact Lines for process technology Expertise for dairy products Filling and packaging lines Intralogistics IT solutions Back to Complete solutions Start screen IT solutions SitePilot Back to IT solutions Start screen SitePilot SitePilot Processing SitePilot Filling and Packaging SitePilot Logistics Execution SitePilot Maintenance SitePilot Quality SitePilot Connectivity IT Services Products Components, lines and plants for beverages and liquid food Contact Products Components, lines and plants for beverages and liquid food Contact PET recycling systems Products Components, lines and plants for beverages and liquid food Contact Machines Back to Products Start screen Machines Process technology Back to Machines Start screen Process technology Beer Soft drinks Water Milk Spirits VarioFlash J flash pasteuriser DosaFlex aseptic container station Heat exchangers Low-temperature brewery Product filtration system Krones UniPure Steinecker Poseidon Process technology Beverage production from one source Contact Bottle design Stretch blow moulders Bottle washing machines Filling technology Inspection technology Labellers Conveyors Product treatment Packaging technology Palletising technology Block technology Products Components, lines and plants for beverages and liquid food Contact References Back to Products Start screen References Beer Craft Beer Soft drinks Water Milk Wine and Sparkling Wines Spirits Coffee, Tea Food Recycling Digital print Intralogistics Products Components, lines and plants for beverages and liquid food Contact Service Back to Products Start screen Service Partner for Performance Lifecycle Service Products Back to Service Start screen Lifecycle Service Products Line Analysis Line Relocation On-site Manager Container and Packaging development Moulds eCAT ecomac Embedded Staff Energy and Media Analysis Spare Parts Handling Parts In-house Overhaul Inspection Inspection Contract Maintenance Project Manager Maintenance Concept Maintenance Contract IT Solutions KIC Krones Stock-keeping Package Repair Service Contracts Material Management Coach Support Back to Lifecycle Service Products Start screen Support GRS: Global Remote Service Products Components, lines and plants for beverages and liquid food Contact Support Contract Training Overhaul Conversion Upgrades Products Components, lines and plants for beverages and liquid food Contact Product Upgrades Back to Service Start screen Product Upgrades Process technology Back to Product Upgrades Start screen Process technology Product treatment Products Components, lines and plants for beverages and liquid food Contact ECO hygienic sleep mode (EHS mode) Save function for the vacuum pump sealing water Modernisation of the mixer control system Replacement pumps for Steinecker wort pumps and mash pumps Internal or external finished-product connection Additional operator panel/observation area for processing units Conductivity measurement for media separation Rework tank Emptying station Bearing sealing conversion kit for Steinecker Variomill V 5.2 VarioSpin product deaerator Energy recovery concept for flash pasteurisers Express pasteurisation with VarioFlash B Improved hotmelt gluing units Sensor fine adjustment for label film guider Spring-loaded feed roller for the Contiroll Contiroll HS cutting unit DB1 Increase in output from APS 3 to APS 4 Peeled label carrier film disposal unit for the Autocol Automatic reel splicing unit for the Autocol Detection of the absolute end of reel using a contrast sensor Detection of absolute reel end with ultrasonic sensor Additional reel holder Splicing point detection unit for Contiroll Self-adhesive tape dispenser Starwheel disk for the reel holder on the Contiroll Brake for reel holder Turnstile table cam in aluminium design including oil spraying system KRONES – camera alignment Ceramic-coated cutter drum Register mark detection by UV scanner Register mark detection by KRTM 20 contrast sensor Register mark detector with reflector Conversion of the Contiroll labelling station type 745 from PIV gears to a servo drive Disposal unit for peeled label carrier film - Autocol Automatic reel splicing unit - Contiroll Conversion of the bottle table to belt-driven version with servo drive Position indicator for the machine head Glue roller with 8 mm grooves Lightweight vacuum-grip cylinder Contiroll HS – Vacuum manifold Contiroll HS – Vacuum blower Automatic magazine loading system (AMB) Central lubrication system Detection of the absolute end-of-reel Thinliner – handling pressure-sensitive labels on a thin carrier web HS hotmelt unit with improved gluing technology Insulation of the HS hotmelt unit in compliance with the enviro standard Optimised through passage station New belts for the through passage station New stroboscope lamp Optimisation of the linear rejection unit Modification to frequency converters of the FC series Reinforced VA bottle table Controller replacement by current Siemens S7 series Handling parts trolley Foreign container detection with a colour camera 360° inspection of closure and breakaway band at the conveyor NeckCheck - Closure and fill level inspection with camera for container inspection Stepless control of the lift cylinder pressure SMC pilot valves Automatic central lubrication system High-pressure injection system Automatic central lubrication system, front table Conversion of diaphragm valve pin to seal Valve rod with plug-in connection Conversion to sawtooth starwheel at the infeed Closed design of control levers New Vario-gripper Manifold with quad-ring seals Short-circuit probes and short probe tubes Optimised lift cylinder Mechanic height adjustment system for can fillers Neck-handling with magnetic clamps in the filler’s carousel Neck-handling with magnetic clamps in the transfer starwheel Two-step control of the lift cylinder pressure Rinsable bottle plates for crowners Rinsable crowning elements New locking feature for neck handling fastening Quick-change mounting for the rinser clamps Gas sleeves made of PEEK Crowning throats in ceramic construction Height adjustment with pneumatic locking Probe control system in the ring bowl Rinsing jet detection unit for electronic rinsers Rinsing jet detection unit for mechanical single-channel rinsers Protection concept whitelisting Dew-point controller for air dryers Air manifold instead of CIP manifold Base Quick Change (BQC) Pressure curve recording Quick-change transfer clamps Quick-change gripper with five jaws Newly positioned stretching rod monitoring Air Wizard 2 Dead space reduction Quick-change protective plate Stretching rod fixing Ball bearing heating chain Indication of the lubrication cycle Manual mandrel height adjustment Preform handling without a support starwheel Carbon belt with reinforced pinion shaft Reinforced control shaft with locking assembly Mould hanger locking system with friction liner, snap-in locking system Air Wizard 3 Central thread cooling for the heating module Air Wizard 4 Air Wizard 5 Quick-change outer shell moulds Energy optimisation of the heater MouldStar mould trolley MouldXpress Basic Central lubrication system, blowing station Capacity increase to a maximum of 2,000 bottles per hour Infeed and discharge starwheel with controlled clamps Locking/releasing cam for the Contiform stretch blow moulder Energy consumption measurement for the Contiform stretch blow moulder Blowing air consumption measurement for the Contiform stretch blow moulder Adjustable pair of radiator holders for heaters for the Contiform stretch blow moulder Extended blowing nozzle cam for the Contiform stretch blow moulder Plug-in stretching stoppers Additional main cam lubrication Standard mould carriage Blower pre-filter unit Control head roller unit at the heater module CHESS heating system and buffer system Marathon belt Monitoring system DMS Ironman belt Insulation Cold buffer tank Machine consulting Virtual pasteuriser Product file editor PU logger Spraying system Dew point control Wing tanks - water collecting system Automatic speed control system Chiller system Cooling tower Pre-buffer cooling PUC3-multi control Reduction of fresh water consumption Discharge finger traverse PSL package for self-adhesive labels Machine consulting Permanent caustic filtration Output-regulated fresh water jetting Post-caustic disk filter Frequency inverter for pump control system Recuperation Simplified bottle discharge Modified bottle infeed Additional label removal system Corner Pipe Filter System Carrier monitoring unit Drive shafts with divided sprocket Chain link detection unit Setting up a VPN link for bottle washers Hydraulic label press Sand arrestance using centrifugal filtration Unit-type cogeneration plant interfacing Automatic chain adjustment Sedimentation system for washers Steam extraction system / infeed or discharge for washers Automatic dirt removal (post-caustic) for bottle washers Line Documentation System (LDS) for bottle washers H2 extraction unit Insulation Space-clear monitoring for returnables palletisers Ladder safety feature for personnel protection for swivelling layer pad inserters Ladder safety feature for personnel protection Ceramic inlay for film spreading device Optimum utilisation of the film reel Divisible rollers for the shutter-type head’s bed Servo-flush-grid grouping station CFC rollers for the universal gripper head Toothed belt for pack prefolding Rectangular pusher rods in container transport Automatic adhesive supply system Glue nozzles underneath the pusher chain Shaft walls in a V-shape Overheight pack detection in front of the pack discharge Overheight pack detection after pack spacer Long-life gripper cups with maximised functional dependability Handling-parts trolley for gripper head storage Handling-parts magazine for storing gripper heads Energy-saving kit (automatic airlock) Ergonomic adjustment of the pack spacing chain Central lubrication system with automatic lubricant pump for packers Optimised lifting unit drive for the Blitzpac returnables packers New rod holders Active conveyor control system for film wrapping module and compensating conveyor Ergonomic blank magazine Cleaning brush for wire mesh belt Upgrade to winding drive (row pusher) Infeed container guide unit - “Pro” version Optimised remaining film detection with prepared film Quick-lock system for infeed adjustment Quick-change system for spacer bars Automatic film welding Flush grid belt at shrinking tunnel discharge LED lighting unit in clean room housings of aseptic systems Use of bellows valves instead of diaphragm valves for rinsing, filling and aseptic systems Air Wizard Plus Control system update to S7 for packers Update of the control system to S7 for palletisers Self-sustaining recirculating vacuum pump system Lifting unit for film reels (Manipulator) Line Documentation System (LDS) for pasteurisers Modification of cable routing Air-cooled cooling shields Optimised drive system Servo-controlled film cutting unit Neckring guide wetting system for reducing the friction coefficient Improved press-on bars for the pack forming unit Adjustable film mandrel Manifold in Variseal design instead of quad-ring design Central lubrication system with automatic lubricant pump Mould trolley Products Components, lines and plants for beverages and liquid food Contact In-house overhaul Academy Back to Service Start screen Academy Courses - Bespoke Automation Concept Locations Digital Krones Academy Products Components, lines and plants for beverages and liquid food Contact Lifecycle Service Centers Products Components, lines and plants for beverages and liquid food Contact Products Components, lines and plants for beverages and liquid food Contact Company Back to Home Start screen Company About us Back to Company Start screen About us Mission Statement Employees Executive Board Supervisory Board Production Facilities Sales and Service Network Company We do more. Contact Investor Relations Back to Company Start screen Investor Relations Releases Reports Back to Investor Relations Start screen Reports Quarterly statement Q1 2019 Krones Group Annual Report 2018 Back to Reports Start screen Krones Group Annual Report 2018 Investment in the future 2018 Highlights Letter from the Executive Board Strategy and management system Report on expected developments Company We do more. Contact Krones AG Annual Report 2018 Archive Order the Group Annual Report Company We do more. Contact Factsheet Presentations Equity Story Share Financial Calendar Key Figures Corporate Governance Back to Investor Relations Start screen Corporate Governance Declaration of Compliance Code The Executive Board The Supervisory Board Corporate Governance Statement Company We do more. Contact Annual General Meeting FAQ Contact Investor Relations Company We do more. Contact Responsibility Back to Company Start screen Responsibility Sustainability Back to Responsibility Start screen Sustainability Values and management Back to Sustainability Start screen Values and management UK Modern Slavery Act Company We do more. Contact Documents / Downloads CSR News Back to Sustainability Start screen CSR News Krones hits emission target Krones Integrity reporting system Non-financial Report 2018 Company We do more. Contact enviro Back to Sustainability Start screen enviro enviro Products Company We do more. Contact Sustainability Creating value and living up to our values – together Contact Compliance Back to Responsibility Start screen Compliance Krones Integrity Compliance Compliance at Krones Contact Company We do more. Contact Press Back to Company Start screen Press Press releases Newsletter Back to Press Start screen Newsletter Registration Form Company We do more. Contact Krones magazine Back to Press Start screen Krones magazine Subscription service for printed edition Revision service for printed edition Company We do more. Contact Company We do more. Contact Suppliers Back to Company Start screen Suppliers Suppliers' portal Delivery Addresses and Times Application to Become a Supplier Downloads Company We do more. Contact Company We do more. Contact Career Back to Home Start screen Career Job advertisements Newsboard Career Be part of our team Contact Contact Products Components, lines and plants for beverages and liquid food Our products index Krones offers lines for the beverage industry and food producers: process technology, filling technology, packaging machines, all the way through to IT solutions. /index 50 / 50 index Every day, millions of glass bottles, cans and PET containers run through a Krones line. As a supplier for complete systems, Krones provides breweries, beverage bottlers and food producers all over the world with individual machines and with complete production lines. /index index Krones designs and implements complete lines for beverages and food, which cover each individual production process step – starting from product and container production, filling and packaging all the way up to material flow and container recycling. No matter which task you have approached us with: you call the tune and we will provide solutions customised to your needs. /index Company We do more. All around the company index 100 / 0 Please activate JavaScript to play this video. /index Press releases and news All messages Financial news Ad hoc disclosures Company news Products and solutions Career CSR 11. July 2019 Based on the actual available figures Krones, the world’s leading manufacturer of filling and packaging technology, adjusts its earnings outlook for the fiscal year 2019. 11. July 2019 Ad-hoc disclosure – Based on the actual available figures Krones, the world’s leading manufacturer of filling and packaging technology, adjusts its earnings outlook for the fiscal year 2019. 03. July 2019 Within the Krones Group, the planning and implementation of intralogistical solutions had hitherto been handled both in System Logistics S.p.A. in Fiorano (Italy), and in Syskron GmbH in Germany (Wackersdorf). 05. June 2019 Krones AG held its 39th annual general meeting today in Neutraubling. Attendance – the proportion of the company’s share capital represented at the meeting – was 81%. Shareholders adopted all agenda items submitted for voting with a large majority. Learn more Career Be part of our team Your career at Krones Globally positioned: Krones at international trade fairs BrauBeviale 13. - 15. November 2018 Following a year’s break, on 13th to 15th November 2018 it is that time of the year again: the BrauBeviale is just around the corner. upakovka 29. January - 1. February 2019 Unified Wine & Grape Symposium 29. - 31. January 2019 The Packaging Conference 4. - 6. February 2019 PUMPS & VALVES 13. - 14. February 2019 Gulfood 17. - 21. February 2019 LogiMAT 19. - 21. February 2019 DJAZAGRO 25. - 28. February 2019 ENOMAQ 26. February - 1. March 2019 PLASTICS RECYCLING CONFERENCE 11. - 13. March 2019 In Washington D.C., Krones will present line concepts for innovative recycling solutions, reduced use of plastic materials and sustainable packaging designs. CFIA 12. - 14. March 2019 In Rennes, France, the CFIA will be taking place from March 12 to 14. It is one of the most important exhibitions for suppliers for the food and dairy processing industry. PROPAK AFRICA 12. - 15. March 2019 At the PROPAK Africa everything revolves around food packaging. This exhibition is the top address for the international beverage, food and pharmaceutical industry. AUSPACK 26. - 29. March 2019 The AUSPACK in Melbourne is THE place to meet for the international packaging industry. Krones will be demonstrating its expertise in all things regarding PET recycling and digitalisation there. agrofood Nigeria 26. - 28. March 2019 At agrofood Nigeria, everything revolves around agriculture and food technology. Krones will be presenting its complete solutions there for the very first time. Craft Brewers Conference® 8. - 11. April 2019 The CBC is THE prime opportunity for suppliers, brewers and beer lovers to meet. Krones will be presenting its solutions for all of the stages along the brewing process in Denver, Colorado. ProMat 8. - 11. April 2019 Since product diversity in the beverage industry is becoming more and more complex, Krones will present their intralogistics solutions at the ProMat in Chicago. Plastics Recycling Show Europe (prs EUROPE) 10. - 11. April 2019 The conference for the European plastics recycling industry, PRS Europe presents the latest innovations and challenges in the recycling sector. iraq food + bev tec 15. - 17. April 2019 For the very first time, iraq food + bev tec opens its doors in Baghdad. The latest trends from the food and beverage industry will be on display. CANADIAN BREWING AWARDS & CONFERENCE 2. - 4. May 2019 Craft breweries and brewing equipment manufacturers from all over the world will be meeting in Toronto to celebrate their passion for beer and get up to speed on recent developments. agrofood Ethiopia 9. - 11. May 2019 More than 100 companies from 13 countries will be presenting technologies for the processing of food and beverages at agrofood Ethiopia. Craft Beer China Conference & Exhibition (CBCE) 15. - 17. May 2019 Beer is booming, all over the world. That’s why Chinese brewers are meeting in Shanghai to find out about the latest trends and system solutions. BEER Sochi 21. - 24. May 2019 Every year, the Russian brewing industry meets in Sochi to exchange information on raw materials and their processing as well as solutions for bottling and packaging beer. Chinaplas 21. - 24. May 2019 Chinaplas puts the focus firmly on rubber and plastics. More than 3,500 exhibitors from 40 countries will be presenting their solutions there. BRASIL BRAU 28. - 30. May 2019 Now in its 15th year, Brasil Brau is all about the very latest technologies, products and services to do with brewing. Expo Wine+Beer 01. June - 30. May 2019 Beer and wine will be the focus in Santiago, Chile for three entire days. Krones will also be presenting its comprehensive solutions to winegrowers and brewers with regard to beverage manufacturing, filling and packing, as well as the related logistics. PACKEX 6. - 4. June 2019 If you are searching for the latest packaging innovations, then the Packex in Toronto is just what you need. Krones will also be there demonstrating its expertise with labelling, packing and intralogistics solutions. ProPak Asia 12. - 15. June 2019 ProPak Asia is Asia's largest process and packaging technology trade fair. Do not miss the latest trends and visit us at our stand BR01 at the entrance 103. Craft Drinks India 3. - 4. July 2019 Craft Drinks India in Bangalore is being held for only the second time ever this year – and it is the first year that Krones will also be in attendance. FILDA 9. - 13. July 2019 The FILDA is a symbol of Angola's economic development. Krones will present itself as an all-round partner for the beverage and liquid food industry. BrewCon 5. - 3. September 2019 In the Australian city of Melbourne everything will revolve around the subject of beer brewing for four whole days – and this is of course something that Krones and its brand Steinecker just cannot miss. SEA Brew 26. - 27. September 2019 Krones will present its technical solutions for brewing the finest beers at SEA Brew in Bangkok as a bronze sponsor. Expo Mongolia 9. - 11. October 2019 Exhibitors from the widest range of industries will be presenting their products in Ulaanbaatar – Krones will also be introducing its systems and service solutions to visitors from the beverage and liquid food industry. Expo-ABINAM 9. - 11. October 2019 Representatives from the mineral water industry will be meeting up for what is already the 28th time in the Brazilian city of Bento Gonçalves. With numerous references under their belt, Krones will be presenting its comprehensive range of systems and components. K 2019 16. - 23. October 2019 In Düsseldorf Krones shows all suitable solutions for the complete plastics circuit – from manufacturing of a PET bottle to its recycling. CIBUS TEC 22. - 25. October 2019 More than 1,000 suppliers – Krones included – will be presenting their solutions on the theme of the processing of food and beverages in Parma, from raw materials and their processing methods right through to the dispatch of the finished product. Gulfood Manufacturing 29. - 31. October 2019 The House of Krones is the ideal answer for anyone looking for machines, lines and services for beverage and liquid food production at Gulfood in Dubai. ALLPACK INDONESIA 30. October - 2. November 2019 From beverage production to packaging and distribution Krones presents itself for four days on the Allpack in Indonesia. BrauBeviale 12. - 14. November 2019 The brewing industry traditionally meets in Nuremberg in November – and of course, Krones is represented as well. CBST 18. - 20. November 2019 In autumn, Shanghai becomes the meeting point of the Chinese brewing scene for which Krones, with its broad portfolio, provides a customised solution for each brewer. EUROPACK EUROMANUT CFIA 19. - 21. November 2019 In the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region of France, the focus will be on the entire value-creation cycle of food and beverage producers. So there is no question that the solutions offered by the House of Krones should also be included. head alt_socialmedia_links END House of Krones Digitalisation Krones Syskron Process and Data Automation Triacos Process technology Krones Evoguard HST Milkron Krones Izumi Javlyn Process Systems Trans-Market Sprinkman Bottling and packaging equipment Krones Kosme Konplan Gernep Dekron Intralogistics Krones Syskron System Logistics Lifecycle Service Krones KIC Krones ecomac Maintec IPS Maintec MHT Menu Home Products Company Career Krones blogs Krones blog Craft beer blog Krones Specials Craft brewing Krones.shop Language DE Deutsch EN English ES Español 中文 中文 © Krones AG 2019 Site notice Data Protection Terms of Use UK Modern Slavery Act Security Advisories Integrity System kronesEN kronesEN 0 10 1 Webtrekk v4, (c) www.webtrekk.de &ov=&cr=&oi=&ba=&co=&qn=&ca=&st=&cd=&is=&mca=&mc=&mcd=&lp=&cp1=&cs1=&ck1=&cb1=&cg1=" height="1" width="1" alt=""> 