Cylindrical Grinding, Centerless Grinding, Surface Grinding & Honing: H.H. Arnold Co: Rockland, MA header end topnav start Cylindrical, Centerless and Surface Grinding Call: 781.878.0346 E-Mail: info@hharnold.com Home | Equipment List | About Us | RFQ | Contact Us topnav end leftnav start Grinding Services Cylindrical, Centerless, Surface Grinding and Honing CNC and Conventional Turning CNC Vertical & Conventional Milling Custom Machine Assembly leftnav end main content start PAGE START H.H. Arnold is the Leader in the Field of Precision Grinding Specializing in CNC and Multi Spindles Turning, CNC Vertical Milling, Cylindrical, Centerless and Surface Grinding, and Machine Assembly. Cylindrical, Centerless, Surface Grinding and Honing CNC and Conventional Turning CNC Vertical & Conventional Milling Custom Machine Assembly Over 60 Years of Grinding Experience Arnold's employees take pride in their ability to develop a customer's product from an idea to a quality finished part or machine assembly. We also have a trained staff of drafting personnel equipped with state-of-the-art CAD systems who willingly work with our customers to fulfill their developmental needs. To ensure the conformance of production of these parts and assemblies, our inspection department has been continually updated with the most current inspection equipment available. Using electronic gauging equipment capable of charting roundness and recording diameter sizes, Arnold provides upon request documentation of tested samples. Additional equipment enables Arnold employees to measure diameters to within .00002 inch. Materials Steel Aluminum M2 Ceramic Plastics Brass Bronze Ceramics Chrome Columbium Copper Copper Tungsten Hastelloy Zirconium Stainless Steel Carbide Silicon Nitride NiTi Teflon Inconel Manganese Steel Molybdenum Monel Nickel Alloys Titanium Tungstun Tungsten Carbide PAGE END main content end footer start H.H. Arnold Co., Inc.   529 Liberty St.   Rockland, MA 02370   Phone: 781.878.0346   Fax: 781.878.7944   E-mail: info@hharnold.com   Website: www.hharnold.com footer end footer start Privacy Policy   Site Map FOOTER end Site created by ThomasNet Web Solutions header image map start header image map end 