Zetor and Landini Dealers | Plant Hire Aberdeenshire | Marrs of Methlick HEADER Menu Home About us News & Events Products New Tractors New Machinery Used Tractors Used Machinery Plant Sales Plant Hire Spare Parts Special Offers Links Contact Privacy Statement 0 No products in the basket. end #header Marrs of Methlick – Agricultural Engineers – Premier Dealers for Zetor and Landini Tractors Importers of Galfre Grass Machinery – Plant Hire and Sales throughout Aberdeenshire Welcome to our updated, user friendly website.  All of our products and the facilities that we offer are detailed in the relevant sections. Wealth of Experience We are proud to have been involved in Tractors and Agricultural Machinery since 1972 and this has provided us with a diverse knowledge of many different franchises.  Our expertise and enthusiasm ensures that our customers receive excellent service. Building the business In May 2017 due to the retirement of a local plant hirer, we decided to diversify into plant sales and the hire of machinery for the construction industry, building on the existing fleet of machines that we took over. We now are offering a range of large excavators, dumpers, telehandlers, vibrating rollers and mini diggers for sale or hire in the local area. We hope you like our website and thank you for your visit!       Follow @marrsofmethlick Franchise Dealers for…   end main content holder (#content/#full-width) end #content-container Latest News & Events Zetor Crystal 160 Zetor Forterra HD Royal Highland Show 2015 Landini Special Offer RNAS Spring Show 2015 Contact us To get in touch with us please either call us on 01651 806910, fill out our contact form on right or send an email to info@marrsofmethlick.com Marrs of Methlick Ltd Schoolbrae Garage, Methlick, Ellon AB41 7DS Registered in Scotland No. SC273050 Registered Address: The Coach House, Blairgowrie, Perthshire PH10 6EZ website by Poppy Design © Copyright Marrs of Methlick end #footer end #main-container FOOTER ENDS 