Wagner Moisture Meters - The World Leader In Moisture Measurement Contact My Account 0 items 800-634-9961 Menu Rapid RH ® To Purchase Shop Now Find a Rapid RH ® Distributor Why the Rapid RH ® ? Why RH Is THE Accurate Slab Moisture Test Why You Should Use Relative Humidity (RH) Testing Using the Rapid RH ® Rapid RH ® Installation Rapid RH ® Manual (pdf) RH Testing Time Adjusting for Service Temp Dangers of MVER DataMaster™ L6 Apps for Mobile Devices Learn More Free Webinar RH Testing Training Videos Concrete Moisture Knowledge Concrete Flooring Newsletter Concrete Moisture Forum Downloads & Support Rapid RH ® Test Results Form (pdf) ASTM F2170 Checklist (pdf) ASTM F2170 Checklist – Español (pdf) Rapid RH ® Spec (pdf) Concrete Flooring FAQ Rapid RH ® Manuals Submit a Support Ticket Close Moisture Meters Orion Meters Shop Now Why Buy a Wagner Meter? Learn More Compare Meters Support Learn More Wood Articles Training/Courses Apps Species Settings & Manuals Free Guide to Avoiding Flooring Failures Easy On-Site Calibration Process Video Choose Your Industry Wood Flooring Contractors and Installers Flooring, Millwork, Furniture and Cabinet Manufacturers Small Sawmill Operations Woodworking Professionals Musical Instrument Manufacturer and Luthiers Building Restoration and Inspection Professionals Close Forest Products Products/Systems In-Line Moisture Measurement In-Kiln Moisture Measurement Handheld Moisture Meters All Products Resources Forest Products Articles Forest Products Newsletter Kiln Drying Forum Support & Training Download Catalog Close Buy Rapid RH ® and Concrete Products Wood Moisture Meters Building Inspection Tools Forest Products Shop Close About Us Associations Testimonials Wagner Meters Newsroom Close Support Wagner Moisture Meters and Measurement Solutions | Call 800-634-9961 RAPID RH ® Fast, accurate moisture test for concrete floors. MOISTURE METERS Orion pinless non-damaging moisture meters for advanced, accurate, and versatile moisture measurement for wood and building materials. FOREST PRODUCTS Moisture measurement solutions for sawmills, kiln drying operations, and wood products manufacturers. Record and Store Job Site Ambient Conditions Readings with Our New Smart Logger™ Put an End to Moisture-Related Disasters Whether you work with milled lumber, high-quality wood, or concrete flooring, you know the importance of accurately measuring its moisture condition. But if you get inaccurate moisture readings or don’t check for moisture at all, lumber can degrade, furniture can crack, floors can buckle and warp, adhesives and coatings can de-bond. Wagner Meters understands your frustrations when moisture problems sabotage your work and profits. It’s why we’ve developed a family of innovative and highly accurate moisture meters for wood and lumber, and award-winning moisture measurement systems for concrete. All are designed to help you unleash your expertise and prevent moisture-related disasters, giving you complete peace of mind. Wagner Meters is the respected world leader in moisture measurement solutions for wood, concrete, and even more building materials. For more than 50 years, Wagner’s field-proven moisture meter technology has helped thousands of valued customers improve profits and eliminate moisture-related problems. Connect with Us Follow Us on Social Media Get in Touch Wagner Meters 326 Pine Grove Road Rogue River, Oregon 97537 USA Phone 800-634-9961 info@wagnermeters.com Directory Rapid RH® Moisture Meters Forest Products Shop Download Literature Contact About Copyright © 2019 Wagner Meters | Warranty | Return Policy | Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy Green is the new orange. Learn about the benefits of Rapid RH® L6 now. + Pin It on Pinterest This website uses cookies. We use cookies for shopping cart functionality, to personalize content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyze our traffic. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners who may combine it with other information that you’ve provided to them or that they’ve collected from your use of their services. You consent to our cookies if you continue to use our website. Find out more. Okay, thanks 