Pick Direct Steam Injection Industrial Liquid Heaters End Google Tag Manager (noscript) BeginNoIndex Contact Us EndNoIndex BeginNoIndex Open Close EndNoIndex BeginNoIndex   EndNoIndex Menu BeginNoIndex   Products Constant Demand DSI Liquid Heater Variable Demand DSI Water Heater Sanitary DSI Jet Cookers Packaged System Slurry Heaters Specialty DSI Heaters Condensate Mixers Nitrogen Injector Desuperheaters   Industries Food Processing Chemical Pharmaceutical Pulp & Paper Energy and Power Other Industries   How It Works Design and Technology Advantages Energy Efficiency   Resources Articles Literature Videos   About Community Service   Request Info Manual Request Replacement Parts Request EndNoIndex BeginNoIndex Contact Us EndNoIndex Pick Direct Steam Injection Industrial & Sanitary Liquid Heaters Direct Steam Injection Heaters can be used wherever medium to high-pressure steam is available and an unlimited supply of industrial hot water is needed, or to heat liquids or slurries in-line. Worldwide industries served include food, chemical, pharmaceutical, pulp and paper, and general industrial applications that benefit from efficiently produced unlimited hot water supply. Why Choose Pick?   The heating chamber and internal injection tube of the Pick System is the performance difference between Pick and any other system.  Pick’s design prevents pressure equilibrium and automatically stabilizes steam injection pressure.  It eliminates shock, hammer, noise, vibration, with very minimal pressure drop and low sound level.   When you install a Pick DSI Heating System you’ll consistently have the liquid capacity and temperature you need. You’re always assured of a dependable heating system under a variety of operation conditions with a Pick Heater.     Energy Efficient - Save Up to 28% in Fuel Costs  Exceptional Temperature Control -  +/- 1°C Wide Operating Range No Steam Hammer Low Noise Level - Typically Below 85dBA Low Liquid Pressure Drop - Less Than 2 PSI (0.14 BAR) Complete Mixing in Heater Body Instantaneous Compact Design Low Maintenance Cost No Minimum Straight Piping Before or After the Pick Heater   Featured Industries   Pick Direct Steam Injection Liquid Heaters provide solutions to an array of special applications.  Pick Heaters are used in a wide variety of industries.  Wherever there is a need to heat water or any type of water miscible liquid or slurry, you are likely to find a Pick Heater.  Whatever your liquid heating need, Pick is sure to have the answer.   Please wait while we gather your results. content spacer Food Processing The Food Industry's special challenges are perfect for Pick Direct Steam Injection. Throughout the food plant, from process heating to plant sanitation, CIP and hot water sets, Pick provides instant, unlimited hot water at a precise temperature. Learn More content spacer Chemical Pick's precise and accurate temperature control is the ideal solution for demanding process heating requirements across the Chemical Industry like jacketed vessel heating and hot batch filling. Learn More content spacer Pharmaceutical Pick's precise and accurate temperature control is the ideal solution for demanding process heating requirements across the Pharmaceutical Industry. Learn More content spacer Pulp & Paper The Paper Industry finds that Pick Direct Steam Injection Heating Systems consistently provide creative solutions to process heating requirements. The Pick Heater provides low velocity, low noise level and low maintenance design for various machine showers, green liquor heating and starch slurry cooking. Learn More content spacer Energy and Power Pick Direct Steam Injection Heaters are a proven solution for many water heating applications in the Power Industry. Pick Heaters exceptional temperature control (within 1°C) as compared to other direct or indirect heating methods can play a critical role in improving plant performance for boiler feed water, reverse osmosis water and similar applications. Learn More content spacer Other Industries Pick Direct Steam Injection Systems are ideally suited for instantly heating water or water miscible liquids wherever precise temperature control, energy savings and ease of installation and operation is desired. Learn More Recent Blog Posts and News   Stay up to date with the latest information from Pick Heaters.   Please wait while we gather your results. content spacer Why Direct Steam Injection Liquid Heating is the Preferred Choice for Many Industrial Applications Customers have many choices for heating water, liquids or slurries, but Direct Steam Injection (DSI) Heaters should be at the top of the list of options for these challenging applications. Read More... content spacer Improve Your Waste Grease Recycling Process with DSI Most brown grease from waste traps has historically ended up as landfill, but recognition of its value for production of fertilizer, biodiesel and other products, as well as more stringent EPA regulations, are driving a trend of brown grease recycling. Read More... content spacer How to Calculate Your Steam Needs Steam is capable of transferring a large amount of heat to materials used in food and beverage processing, and it can be precisely controlled to within narrow temperature ranges. It can be applied directly to the materials being heated (through direct steam injection or DSI), or it can be applied indirectly through the use of heat exchangers that incorporate plates or tubes to segregate steam and process fluid. Read More... content spacer Benefits of Industrial Wastewater Treatment Using Direct Steam Injection A Direct Steam Injection System can rapidly and accurately maintain temperatures for processing difficult materials, such as wastewater, and thereby increase the efficiency and reliability of the anaerobic digestion system. Read More... 730 S Indiana Ave West Bend, WI 53095 Phone:  262-338-1191 Facebook Twitter LinkedIn BeginNoIndex Resources About News Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Contact Us Authorized Rep Log-In EndNoIndex Copyright © 2019 Pick Heaters, Inc. This site is powered by the Northwoods Titan Content Management System. top 