Pellet mill plant and briquetting machine from Gemco Machinery are ready to make pellets and briquettes for you! [if lte IE 6]> <script type="text/javascript" src="http://www.biofuelmachines.com/static/js/PNG.js"></script> <script> PNG.fix('.logo,.usinfo,#tel,#email,.w265shadow,.w725shadow,.video span'); </script> <![endif] Learn how to build your own pellet plant in 1 day! Click Here TEL : +86 372 5965148 FAX : +86 372 5951936 E-MAIL : sales@biofuelmachines.com facebook youtube linkedin google+ twitter Small Pellet Mill Pellet Plant Small Pellet Plant Mobile Pellet Plant Complete Pellet Plant Briquetting Machine Hydraulic Briquette Machine Stamping Type Briquette Maker Screw Press Briquetting Machine Other Products Pellet Packing Machine Pellet Dryer Pellet Stoves Hammer mill Pellet Mill Parts Applications Project FAQ Blog Contact & About /header GEMCO PELLET MILL Various types & ranges for your choice! Small Pellet Mill Capacity from 50-450kg/h. Best choice for home use or small farm. Pellets made from wood, saw dust, etc. Electric engine, diesel engine, gasoline engine and PTO are optional. Small Pellet Plant Capacity from 50kg/h to 1100kg/h Best choice for ones who has small pellet production demand. Both apply for wood and agricultural waste. It is flexible to customize. Low investment and high benefits. Mobile Pellet Plant Capacity from 250-500 kg/h. Best choice for customer with higher requirement for automation. It is convenient to move. Apply for wood pellet and animal feed pellet. All-in-one unit being efficient. Complete Pellet Plant Capacity from 1-20ton/h. Best choice for farm and commercial pelletizing factories. Specialize in large scale wood or feed pellet making. Long service life of ring die. Apply for various materials like wood, straw, grass. Briquetting Machine Briquetting machine applies for wood, sawdust, crop straw, grass, civil waste and animal waste briquette making. The production range is from 125-1000kg/h. Hydraulic Briquetting Machine Stamping Type Briquetting Machine Screw Press Briquetting Machine Related Products There are some auxiliary equipment of complete pellet plant, such as dryer, hammer mill, packing machine and pellet mill parts. Dryer Packing Machine Hammer Mill Pellet Mill Parts pellet mill application Typically, wood pellets can be made from various biomass materials, including risk husk, bamboo, peanuts shell, straw, sugarcane, miacanthus, alfalfa and grass, etc. More Applications Risk husk pellet making Bamboo pellet making Peanuts shell pellet making Straw pellet making Sugarcane pellet making Miscanthus pellet making Alfalfa pellet making Grass pellet making corporate video GEMCO specializes in pellet machine, pellet plant and briquetting machine manufacture. As a Chinese pellet mill manufacturer, GEMCO has been in a leading position of small pellet mill supply and large pellet turnkey project contract. Unlike other competitors in China, with more than 10 years know-how in wood pellet mill and other biomass pellet mill industry, we never cease pursuing the better technology, design and craft. To make the best pellet mills is our only mission. GEMCO most watched pellet mill video on YouTube Pellet Machine Installation Homemade Wood Pellet Machine Feed Pellet Mill Diesel Pellet Mill More Videos Pellet Plant Project 2 t/h Feed Pellet Mill Plant In Philippines Read more 32 t/h Wood Pellet Production Line In Vietnam Read more 8 t/h Wood Pellet Mill Plant In China Read more 500kg/h Complete Wood Pellet Plant for Italian Client Read more 500kg-600kg/h Wood Pellet Mill Production Line In UK Read more 5 t/h Complete Feed Mill Line in Indonesia Read more 2 t/h Wood Pellet Plant In Slovakia Read more 2 t/h Wood Pellet Mill Plant In Australia Read more More Projects The Frequent Asked Questions of Pellet Mill Q What are differences of flat die pellet mill and ring die pellet mill? Pellet mills come in wide range in terms of capacity and power. Basically, you will see small pellet mill (flat die pellet mill) and ring die pellet mill. Small pellet mill are used typically in very small scales, the capacity is never higher than 1 ton/h. Together with pellet stove, you can pellet your own wood pellets and build your own in-housing heating system all by yourself. The kind of pellet mill is attractive to small pellet mill dealers. Ring die pellet mill is used for large scales, by connecting more than 1 ring die pellets mills, a pellet plant with capacity more than 10t/h is feasible to set up. But you will never use ring die pellet mill alone. When it comes to large scale pellet fuel production, you have to combine the following equipment together typically covering: resizing equipment (debarker, wood chipper, and hammer mill), dryer, cooler system, packing and weighting machine. Q Which factors shall be considered before starting a pellet plant? Energy requirement: in large scale fuel pellets production, energy requirement lies largely in drying wet material. Practically in most cases, large pellet plant will burn some of the feedstock as heating resource. Operation cost: cost for feedstock management, labor, transportation, and other elements shall be considered. Availability of raw material: Unlike equipment in other renewable energy industry, such as wind turbine tower system, the obtain of material like saw dust, wood chips are not always easy, this should be your top concern when starting a pellet making business. Q How much is the decibels while the whole set of plant is on running? The decibels of each machine on running are as follow: hammer mill is about 100 decibels, pellet mill 90 decibels, vibrating screen 90 decibels, fan 80 decibels, and elevator 80 decibels. All the statistics are estimated based on experiences but not on practical test, which can be recollected and verified on the trial running. Q What is a pellet mill? Pellet mill, also called pellet machine, pellet press or pelletizer, it's function is to form pellets from different material, such as biomass waste and other organic waste, for example, saw dust, wood shaving, wood chips, corn straw, peanut shell, etc. The pellet mill rolled out to initially fight against continually rising fossil fuel price and other burning issues like global warming, and requirement of national renewable energy contribution in 2020 to European countries asked by EU. Since then, pellet fuel, especially wood pellet fuel has been seen playing an increasingly important role internationally year by year. And furthermore, in the foreseeing decades, pellet mills, along with other biomass fuel densification equipment business (say briquetting machine) will still be in high expectation for industry investor because that they do benefits for both customers and environment. This means chances to all pellet mill manufacturer in the world. Q How does a pellet mill work? Typically, before making pellets, any raw material will require some processes for a better compatibility to pellet mills. These processes including primarily reducing size as well as decreasing water content. Only raw material with proper size and moisture before feeding are eligible for the best pelletizing result. For example, if your want to make pellets from round wood, you might need to debark, then resize them further by a hammer mill and reducing the water inside to 10%-12% by a dryer. The pelletizing process is easy to understand. The “die” I mentioned is actually a metal plate with drilled holes all spreading in an organized way. After the raw material are fed into the pellet chamber, rollers will press against the die, producing huge pressure and high temperature, under the right condition, the material is melts and extruded out by passing through the holes and cut by a knife. So wood material is the ideal material for making quality biomass pellets as there are lignin inside the wood, the lignin, whose function is to support the cell wall, will melt in high temperature and performance as a natural glue to stick the woody material together. When the wood pellets are discharged and cooled down, they are solid and sturdy. Q What's the total power of the plant? The practical total power of the plant is 41.25 kW. But this number does not include dryer and packing machine. Read More Blog How Much Do You Know About Small Pellet Plant 04 Apr, 2018 Small pellet plant is a complete set of equipment for feed pellets making. Usually, there are two types of small pellet plant, including mobile pellet plant and small complete pellet plant. What's the difference between them? ... Read more Home Use Pellet Mill 24 Feb, 2018 What is home use pellet mill? The home use pellet mill is small pellet mill that can satisfy your need to make your own pellets at home. According to different designs, there are two types of home use pellet mill: the D-TYPE, the rotating d... Read more How to Make Grass Pellets at Home? 01 Feb, 2018 Grass pellets are a popular fuel and feedstuff. How can we make the grass pellets at home? GEMCO helps you make grass pellets at home and provides the feasible projects.... Read more How does a wood pellet machine work? 30 Jan, 2018 How does a wood pellet machine work? GEMCO will introduce how does the homemade pellet mill work. There are many types of machine to be chosen. ... Read more What Are Pellets Made Out Of? 30 Jan, 2018 Raw materials of pellet include wood chip, sawdust, peanut shell, crop straw, etc. What are differences between wood pellet and feed pellet?... Read more Wood Pellet Mill: Turn Biomass Material into Energy 02 Jan, 2018 Wood pellet mill makes biomass materials into pellets, briquette. Pellets or briquette apply for heating, power generation, feed and etc.... Read more A Guide of Feed Pellet Mill 02 Jan, 2018 What‘s small feed pellet mill? What are difference between feed pellet mill and wood pellet mill? Find more.... Read more How to Choose Homemade Pellet Mill 02 Jan, 2018 Do you want to buy a homemade pellet mill but lose yourself in varieties products? Do you want to save money in dairy life? GEMCO provides a way for you.... Read more The Effect of Grass Pellet on Livestock Husbandry Industry 04 May, 2017 What benefit dose grass pellet can take to livestock husbandry industry? What you should be attention when you feed your livestock? Read off this article,you will know that.... Read more How to Select Your Pellet Mill? 25 Apr, 2017 do you know how to select your pellet mill? what should you notice when you choose the pellet mills? read the article maybe you will get the answer.... Read more Request a Quote We receive enquiries in English, Español (Spanish), Русский язык (Russian), Français (French) and العربية (Arabic).Our professional team will reply to you within one business day. Please feel free to contact us! Chaoyue Machinery and Electronic Industrial Park, New High-Tech Industry Clustering Area, Anyang, Henan, China. TEL : +86 372 5965148 FAX : +86 372 5951936 E-MAIL : sales@biofuelmachines.com Products Small Pellet Mill Hammer Mill Small Pellet Plant Dryer Mobile Pellet Mill Packing Machine Complete Pellet Plant Pellet Mill Parts Briquetting Machine Pellet Stove Applications Risk husk pellet making Miscanthus pellet making Bamboo pellet making Alfalfa pellet making Peanuts shell pellet making Grass pellet making Straw pellet making Sugarcane pellet making © Anyang Gemco Energy Machinery Co.,Ltd. All Rights Reserved     Privacy Policy Project | FAQ | Blog Facebook Pixel Code End Facebook Pixel Code 