ZIMMER AUSTRIA Skip to main content English Go Sign-In Toggle navigation Company News Trade Fairs & Events Downloads Contact /#page-header Machine Manufacturer for Screen & Digital Printing, Coating, Drying, Steaming and Digital Functionalization   End Zimmer Maschinenbau GmbH, 6330 Kufstein (Austria) ● Zimmer Maschinenbau GmbH, 9020 Klagenfurt (Austria) ● ZIMMER AUSTRIA Inc., SC 29304 Spartanburg (USA) Screen printing machines for the most cost-effective high-quality mass production durable prints on any fabric material finest printing quality in vibrant and bold colors        Applications      Machines Digital printing machines for high resolution full-color printing and maximum detail in design high customization and flexibility fast and optimum processing of small & big batch sizes        Applications      Machines ZIMMER AUSTRIA | Zimmer Maschinenbau GmbH Driven by perfection and committed to the credo – First in Quality & First in Service – the machine manufacturer ZIMMER AUSTRIA has become the benchmark for dependable high-class machines in the textile printing industry. With production sites in Kufstein and Klagenfurt and with a product portfolio that includes screen printing, digital printing, digital functionalization, coating, drying and steaming systems as well as a broad range of sample, lab and washing machines, ZIMMER AUSTRIA offers the total solution out of one hand . With the knowledge of over 140 years they are constantly endeavouring to enhance their customers' competitive advantage by providing the most efficient machines in order to ensure highest possible results for application areas such as home textiles, wall covering, fashion, upholstery, towels, blankets, technical textiles, nonwoven, paper and even glass fibre. ZIMMER AUSTRIA has shaped the market with pioneering innovations and revolutionary technologies. In our century of digitisation and industry 4.0, ZIMMER AUSTRIA has the required know-how, the global business partner network and the profound technologies to cope with the market needs of cost-effectiveness, quality and flexibility . Therefore, ZIMMER AUSTRIA is the ideal and most competent partner for the total printing process, with: The perfect solution for your individual needs!   Textile World 2019 | Dr. Lisa Parillo Chapman 2019: A Year of Growth For Digital Printing Austria-based Zimmer Austria Inc. is a producer of machines for textile and carpet finishing. For special applications, ... Read more From 1 to 500 ZIMMER AUSTRIA is celebrating the benchmark of delivering its 500th MAGNOROLL coating machine. The sky is the limit. Another milestone has been achieved in the company's history .... Read more BTH Heimtex 11/2018 | guest article Digital printing makes floor carpeting attractive again With their carpet companies Infloor and Girloon, Stefanie Ritterbach und Ulrich Dresing have successfully established digital carpet printing. They expect that the many advantages of digital technology will boost the sales of textile floor coverings. Read more ZIMMER AUSTRIA: Officially certified „Excellent Tyrolean Apprenticeship Employer“ since 2001 Successful apprenticeship training at ZIMMER AUSTRIA For more than 60 years, ZIMMER AUSTRIA , has been offering apprenticeships in Mechanical Engineering and in Mechatronics , and by now also in Textile Chemistry – and ..... Read more   upcoming events Heimtextil 2020 (Germany) 07. - 10. January 2020 Frankfurt am Main Read more Domotex 2020 (Germany) 10. - 13. January 2020 Hannover Exhibition Center Read more Domotex 2020 (USA) 05. - 07. February 2020 Atlanta - Georgia World Congress Center Read more ITME Africa 2020 (Africa) 14 - 16. February 2020 Addis Ababa Read more ZIMMER AUSTRIA © 2016 - 2019 - J. Zimmer Maschinenbau GmbH                    |  Contact   |  Imprint   | Terms of use   | YouTube   