China Easten Tape Measure and Hand Tool Factory for Importer, Distributor, Supplier and Wholesaler header Manufacturer and exporter of tape measure and tool Made in China steel measuring tape, fiberglass tape, aluminum spirit level, ultrasonic distance meter, laser level, oil tape and water indicating paste header end menu Home About Us Products What's New Download Contact Us English | Chinese menu end content/container main China Eastern Tape Measure Manufacturer With many years experience of  tape measure industry, China Eastern is one of the multiple-producing manufacturer of tapes and hand tools for the development, producing and marketing. Our mainly products is all kinds of tape measures including steel measuring tapes, fiber glass tapes (other name is fibreglass tape), aluminium spirit levels, oil tapes (oil tank gauging tape), gift tapes, ultrasonic distance meter and so on. Our tape measures are used in the following industries: mining, construction, engineering, surveying, industrial, factories, DIY. More Info   Measuring Wasit with BMI Tape Eastern Tape Mesure & Hand Tool Popular New Products ASL-01 Aluminum Spirit Level LOMT-OIP Oil Indicating Paste (Oil Finding Paste) LOMT-WIP Water Indicating Paste (Water Finding Paste) LOMT-GJ07 5-50M Oil Tank Measuring Gauging Tape with Brass Plumb Bob EN1001 Ultrasonic Tape Measure HMT-001 Height Measuring Measurement Tape P-217 American type combination pliers TT-SR27 SDT-814-1 PT-01 14X28CM Plastic Plastering Tools PU Float Trowel LOMT-X01 15m-50m Long Steel Tank Sounding Oil Tape Measure with Ground Wire LOMT-X02 15m - 50m Long Oil Steel Dipping Measuring Tape with Ground Wire Popular Categories Short Steel Measuring Tape It is the most popular tape measure (measure tape), the steel measuring tape range is designed and engineered for reliability, accuracy, and dur... View All Items Height Measuring Tape This height measuring tape is easy to use for measuring your height and your baby's height. the custom design in the shape of height measuring tape... View All Items Long Steel Measuring Tape The long tape measure  (long steel measuring tape) with yellow or white polymer resin paint blade is durable and accuracy. They are applica... View All Items Long Oil Gauging Tape Oil gauging tape (oil tape measure) with black oxide blade and stainless blade are oil and acid resistant, oil gauging tape is widely used for o... View All Items Fiberglass Measuring Tape Fiber glass tape (fibreglass tape) of tape measure  is the natural choice of the professional in the construction, surveying and building i... View All Items Aluminum Spirit Level Here you find a wide variety of levels  for nearly all kind of measuring use. ... View All Items Distance Measuring Wheel Distance measuring wheel as one of tape measure from China Eastern is used for real estate empolder, land measuring, road construction, laying the ... View All Items BMI Tape / Waist Tape Measure Track your body measurements and progress as your muscles grow and your unwanted fat goes away, Knowing your body parts  measurement is use... View All Items BIGGLUGG Power Tool Holder When people work on the job site, they use many heavy tools, it is very dangerous when working on ladders, climbing up and down and droping them... View All Items Hex Key Wrench This finished short hex key wrench allows you to handle a variety of hex fasteners in assembly, industrial or automotive jobs. ... View All Items Factory Tour The Eastern is strictly comply with the TUV, ECC, CE standard to design and manufacture the tape measure. Furthermore, the company have passed the Quality System of ISO9001 ... OEM and ODM Available From the initial operation of the company, we will accept the OEM and ODM orders for foreign customers ... More Info     Tips of  Tape Measure A measuring tape is a flexible form of ruler. It consists of a ribbon of cloth, plastic, fiber glass, or metal strip with linear-measurement markings with metric units and sometimes additionally imperial units. It is a common measuring tool. Its flexibility allows for a measure of great length to be easily carried in pocket or toolkit and permits one to measure around curves or corners. - How to Read a Steel Measuring Tape - A Full Size of Long Steel Measuring Tape - List of Long Oil Tape, Water & Oil Finding Paste - Small and Gift Tape - Buying Guide to Fibre Glass Tape - Quality Tailor Tape - Overview of Aluminum Spirit Level - Introduction of Laser Level - Ultrasonic Distance Meter (Ultrasonic Tape Measure) - Gift Series - Quality Distance Measuring Wheel - Tape Measure Graduation - Tape Accuracy - Features of Steel Measuring Tape - Innage Oil Gauging Tapes and Outage Oil Gauge Tapes - Blade Types Available for Eastern Oil Gauging Tapes - The History of the Steel Tape Measure Download a PDF File for Tape Measure You can print it off and measure your waist circumference conveniently: Tape measure for men (PDF 285 KB) Tape measure for women (PDF 250 KB)   More products of waist measuring tape   left begin Quick Search for Products Eastern laser level tape Eastern Steel strip for blade Products Short Steel Measuring Tape Height Measuring Tape Long Steel Measuring Tape Long Oil Gauging Tape Fiberglass Measuring Tape Aluminum Spirit Level Laser Level Ultrasonic Distance Meter Distance Measuring Wheel BMI Tape / Waist Tape Measure Tailor Tape Small & Gift Tape BIGGLUGG Power Tool Holder Carpenter Tool Utility Knife Plier, Stripper & Cutter Screw Driver Hardware Tool kits Material / Part for Products Gift Series Pliers PU Trowel Hex Key Wrench Other Tool <div id="leftnew"><a href="new.htm">New Products</a></div> Recommended Products left end content end footer China Eastern Best Manufacturer, Exporter, Supplier, Wholesaler, Distributor Factory of Tape Measures and Hand Tools Made in China Copyright © Ningbo Eastern Tape Measure, 2019-2025. Home | Products | About Us | OEM & ODM | Tips of Tape Measure | Contact Us No. 91, Xingzhen Street, Cixi, Ningbo, Zhejiang, China footer end 