Dimensional, Surface Roughness and Optical Measurement Systems: Spectrum Metrology :: Spectrum Metrology   Call us today: +44 (0)116 276 6262 Call us Email us Email us with any questions Search: end #top Home Contact Us Electro-Optical Metrology Applications Service & Repair Laser Tracker Accessories Workshop Roughness, Roundness & Form Applications Dimensional Measurement Applications Gauging & Transducers Applications Flooring Safety   Electro-Optical Metrology   Dimensional Measurement Products (contact and non contact)   Workshop Surface Roughness What do you want to measure? Flatness Angle Level Alignment Squareness Parallelism Straightness Surface roughness Ra / Rz / Rv Twist Contour Concentricity Eccentricity Waviness Diameters Heights Lengths Radii Angles Chamfers Centres Planes Holes Cones Roll Roundness Precision Measurement Systems from Spectrum Metrology Spectrum Metrology are specialists in the field of Optical Metrology, Surface Roughness, Contact and Non-Contact Metrology instruments. From detailed measurements of intricate components to rapid scanning of large assemblies, we offer a range of measurement solutions. Talk to us With many years metrology experience Spectrum Metrology is not just a distributor: we take the time to understand your application – study your drawings – measure your components – and offer you the best solution to your measurement problems. Call us on 0116 276 6262 or email us to discuss your requirements. end home News A Metrology Open Day hosted by Spectrum Metrology, 26th June 2019 Explore New Dimensions at the National Space Centre: Spectrum Metrology will be hosting an Open Day this June in conjunction with Taylor Hobson and FARO. Register now ... •  Read article » 4D Inspec XL micro-defect measurement system wins 2019 Prism award We are pleased to announce that the 4D InSpec XL surface defect gauge has won the 2019 Prism award in Test and Measurement. The award was presented to 4D Technology during the Photonics West 2019 expo by SPIE, the International Society for Optics and Photonics. •  Read article » Autocollimator used to test innovative Scanner System to monitor pollution Autocollimators were used to align the optical components when the University of Leicester built the pioneering CompAQS scanner in collaboration with Surrey Satellite Technology and DL Optics Ltd •  Read article » Want more information? Get in touch: +44 (0)116 276 6262 Email Us LinkedIn About: Home Contact Us News Site Map Cookie Usage Privacy Policy Products: Electro-Optical Metrology Laser Tracker Accessories Workshop Surface Roughness, Roundness & Form Dimensional Measurement Products Gauging and Transducers Flooring and Slip Resistance Market Sectors: Precision Engineering Aerospace Automotive Calibration Medical Shipbuilding & Repair © 2003-19 Spectrum Metrology Ltd. 