CHENG-HUA MACHINERY CO., LTD.-aluminum, aluminum alloy, copper, copper alloy, extrusion perss, type extrusion press, silver, cadmium, aluminum door, scrap baling machine, hydraulic machinery, heavy machine [[POLICY START]] ⨯ Note about cookies This site uses cookies to provide you with a better user experience. Our website uses cookies, which could include also third party cookies. For more information please visit our Privacy and Cookie Policy page. By continuing to use the site or closing this banner, you are agreeing to our terms of use. Close [[POLICY END]] 手機選單開始 Home Company Profile History & Outline Business Scope Quality Assurance & Research Future View Main Product Horizontal Rod Extrusion Press Horizontal Rod & Tube Extrusion Press Horizontal Indirect Type Extrusion Press Short Stroke Single Action Aluminum Alloy Extrusion Press Extrusion Plant Upgrade Plan News Contact Us DOs map Inquiry Cart 手機選單結束 頁面上方開始 --Language-- --繁體中文-- --English-- --简体中文-- --日本語-- --Español-- --Português-- 搜尋 Home Inquiry Cart 公司LOGO和名稱開始 LOGO圖 公司名稱 主選單導航開始 Company Profile Main Product Extrusion Plant Upgrade Plan News Contact Us DOs map submenu start div tabs_2 start History & Outline Business Scope Quality Assurance & Research Future View div tabs_2 end div tabs_2 start Horizontal Rod Extrusion Press Horizontal Rod & Tube Extrusion Press Horizontal Indirect Type Extrusion Press Short Stroke Single Action Aluminum Alloy Extrusion Press div tabs_2 end 頁面上方結束 首頁大圖開始 Turnkey Solution We have helped many customers with extrusion plant design and set-up. Some of them are their first time to operate extrusion plant. Lifetime Service & Equipment Upgrade We still provide maintenance service to the customer who has bought our machine almost 50 years ago Not only sell machines to our customers, but also to maintain and upgrade their machines for a long time use. . 1/2 Century of Manufacture Experience We are the pioneer hydraulic system machine maker in Taiwan. Chenghua Machinery has made hydraulic system machine over half-century(since 1964) Global Marketing We have sold over 400 extrusion press machines to all countries and regions around the world. Chenghua is a global brand of extrusion press machine. 首頁大圖結束 公司簡介開始 Company Profile "Cheng Hua Machinery Co., Ltd." was founded in 1964 with the basic of "Hard Work, Stable Operation" , with the goal of "Quality in first, Technique in advance", and under the principle of devoting ourselves to research and development for pursuing excellence in equipment to continue growing. For forty years. Cheng Hua has kept a spirit of "Rationalize, Automation and keeps the Spirit of Service" to offer the complete layout for customers by great experience and technique in the field of professional Extrusion equipment in the world, Cheng Hua has secured a position in the international market for Extrusion Plan. In looking towards the 21st century, Cheng Hua has kept a spirit of "Uniting all Efforts and Striving for Good Opportunities" in combination with the cream of intellectual domestic and overseas talents to research and develop for advance technique to lead in industrial comradeship. We endeavor to satisfy customers’ demand for reciprocating to society. Horizontal Rod Extrusion Press Horizontal Rod Extruders for special-alloys such as aluminum, copper, silver etc. MORE Horizontal Rod & Tube Extrusion Press The Horizontal Double Action Type Extrusion Press for seamless, etc. MORE Horizontal Indirect Type Extrusion Press Horizontal Rod Extruders for special-alloys such as aluminum, copper, silver etc. MORE CHENG HUA Extrusion Plant Handling equipment includes Billet Melting etc. MORE 公司簡介結束 產品區開始 產品區結束 最新消息開始 最新消息結束 底部區開始 頁尾 Menu Company Profile Main Product Extrusion Plant Equipment Upgrades News Contact Us Address : No.36, Lane 205, Guangxing 1st. Road, Guangxing Village, Kuanyin Dist.,Taoyuan City,Taiwan, R.O.C. Telephone : +886-3-4733425 Fax : +886-3-4733891 E-Mail : come@chenghua.com.tw Privacy and Cookie Policy | Powered by Web Builder & associated with Trade Asia 底部區開始 [[POLICY START]] [[POLICY END]] [[POLICY START]] [[POLICY END]] 