Home - Busi Giovanni Sock Knitting Machines SCHEDE TECNICHE DOVE SIAMO CONTATTI Home Società Back BUSI in cifre Storia Eco Friendly Made in Italy Dicono di noi BUSI nel mondo Rassegna Stampa Gamma prodotti Back Possibilità tessili Back Back Back Back Back Macchine medicali Software Back ART-GEN BUSI CONTROL TOWER Perché scegliere BUSI Back Vantaggi sulla concorrenza I nostri punti di forza Assistenza e software Turn-Key Projects Oltre 60 anni di esperienza nella costruzione di macchine per calze dalle caratteristiche uniche News Video Rassegna Stampa Newsletter TECHNICAL CO-OPERATIONS Busi Giovanni marks 60 years of success 13 th March 2018 BUSI DOPPIO and BUSI DOPPIO TERRY: two unique models These BUSI models are simply unique in the market... Completion of medical range by 5" diameter After several years from our first attempts in this specific and binding sector, we have recently... BUSI new development / socks with patterns in the heels We have recently developed the possibility, only with reference to our models... Knitted ties from our BUSI LIGHT MP We herewith inform you that our model LIGHT MP, with diameter 3 ½" and needle counts from 72 to 108... THERMO-TWIN sock Combining the double-layer technology of our machine BUSI TWIN LAYER with its capability of knitting... Venactif Optimum Tech Venactif - Compression Médicale Gibaud Sport Gibaud Sport BUSI RIMAGLIO 3.0 highest-quality automatic linking device Video del nostro cliente Russo Fabbrica GRAND www.noskigrand.ru Video "Calza Canguro" Video del nostro cliente XOAB Negli Stati Uniti Busi presents complete range of medical sock machines + Family-run Italian hosiery knitting machine builder Busi Giovanni presents its complete range of machines capable of knitting certified-compression medical socks. The company announced extending its portfolio in September 2017, with the introduction of a 5-inch diameter to the previously existing ones of 4" and 4.5". “Our complete range of machines for medical (certified compression) socks is available ... Leggi tutto Third generation boosting innovation at Busi Giovanni + Brescia - New product launches, investments in the manufacturing process and upgrades to the day-to-day operations have laid the foundations for a strong and secure future at Busi Giovanni. Sitting across the desk from Catina Busi and Michele Castagna, respectively General Manager and Export & Marketing Manager, at the Brescia headquarters of the hosiery knitting machine manufacturer Busi, there's a light-hearted pause in our conversation as we contemplate the company's next milestone... Leggi tutto Busi secures deal to supply new Bangladesh hosiery operation + Brescia - Italian hosiery knitting machine manufacturer Busi Giovanni has secured a key deal to exclusively supply a leading Bangladeshi garment manufacturer with more than 100 of its latest machines. Bangladesh-based Standard Group, a renowned producer of outerwear and activewear, has decided to diversify into the high quality hosiery sector and, after researching the sector's major suppliers, opted for Brescia-based Busi to supply its new hosiery... Leggi tutto Bangladesh’s Standard Group enters high quality socks market with 100 Busi machine investment + Bangladesh’s Standard Group, a large producer of both knitted and woven apparel for international markets, is entering the high-quality socks market, investing in an initial 100 socks knitting machines from leading Italian machine manufacturer Busi Giovanni. Standard has purchased a range of Busi models including Busi Basic, Busi Light MP, and Busi J-Terry in 3.5 to 3.75-inch diameters in needle counts of 120, 144, 156 and 168, some of them equipped with their renowned Rimaglio automatic... Leggi tutto Busi enhances sock toe-closing options on Rimaglio system + Brescia - Sock knitting machine specialist Busi Giovanni has enhanced the performance of its Rimaglio technology, the renowned, automatic, stitch-by-stitch toe-closing device. The Brescia-based firm says it is constantly looking to improve the reliability and versatility of the Rimaglio technology. This latest upgrade means... Leggi tutto Busi mourns loss of founder Giovanni and his son Gianmario + Italian sock knitting machinery manufacturer Busi Giovanni Srl has announced the passing yesterday of its founder Giovanni Busi just two weeks after the passing of his beloved son Gianmario. Gianmario Busi, a highly respected industry figure and the company’s technical dynamo, passed away on June 5th after battling... Leggi tutto Giovanni Busi, 1926-2017; Gianmario Busi, 1960-2017 + Giovanni Busi, the founder of Busi Giovanni Srl and his son Gianmario Busi have passed away. Giovanni's daughter Catina and the family’s next generation will now ensure the future success of the Brescia-based hosiery and sock knitting machine manufacturer... Leggi tutto New sports shoe application with Twin-Layer technology + Busi Giovanni has been expanding the application possibilities of one of its most advanced machines for the production of complete textile sport shoe-bodies. Leggi tutto Busi Giovanni to exhibit innovative machinery at Yiwutex 2017 + Italian hosiery knitting machine builder Busi Giovanni will be exhibiting two of its circular knitting sock machines at the upcoming Yiwutex... Leggi tutto Geropa Sport affirms quality of Busi socks knitting machines + Busi Giovanni Geropa Sport, a Belgium based manufacturer of high-end technical and sport socks and stockings, has been cooperating with Italian hosiery knitting machine builder Busi Giovanni since the 1990s... Leggi tutto 1 2 3 4 5 Leggi tutto COLLEGE FOR LIGHT INDUSTRY - Moscow - Russia HOCHSCHULE NIEDERRHEIN  FB TEXTIL   UND BEKL. - TECHNICK  - Monchengladbach - Germany http://www.hs-niederrhein.de/ faculties/textile-and- clothing-technology/ MINISTRY OF TRADE & INDUSTRY, TEXTILE & APPAREL - Addis Abeba - Ethiopia RIGA TECHNICAL UNIVERSITY - Riga - Latvia http://www.rtu.lv/en TURN-KEY PROJECTS We are in condition of planning and supervising complete turn-key projects, both for brand new sock mills and for refurbishments of old ones, in any areas of the world. In such cases, we work with high-end Italian suppliers of ancillary installations and machinery, like the below mentioned one: Download technical documents (pdf format) View technical documents (pdf format) BUSI INSTALLS & RECOMMENDS: Please click above to watch photos of our factory Fashion design development for new sock collections More information » Iscriviti alla Newsletter Email* Privacy* Confermo di aver preso visione dell' informativa ed acconsento al trattamento dei miei dati personali da parte di BUSI GIOVANNI s.r.l. per l'invio della newsletter. Iscriviti Association of Italian Textile Machinery Manufacturers Web site » ARTE & CALZA Per gentile concessione del Calzificio CIOCCA S.p.a. years in the business customers served export countries throughout the world machines built so far COMPANY DATA BUSI GIOVANNI s.r.l. P.Iva e C.F. IT 02057080174 REA BS 289658 Capitale Sociale 235.000,00 € i.v. ADDRESS AND CONTACT DETAILS Via Giovanni Busi, 14 25082 Botticino Sera (BS) - Italy Tel.: +39 030 2190304 Fax: +39 030 2693387 Mail:  busi@busigiovanni.com © 1958 - 2019 Busi Giovanni S.r.l. Privacy Policy | Cookie Policy SCHEDE TECNICHE DOVE SIAMO CONTATTI start ampz sidebar 0 Shares Share Tweet Share end ampz sidebar googleoff: all Utilizzo dei cookie: per garantire funzionalità e preferenze di navigazione questo sito utilizza cookie proprietari, al fine di migliorare l'esperienza dei propri utenti, e si riserva l'utilizzo di cookie di terze parti per migliorare i propri servizi. Per maggiori informazioni e ricevere eventuali istruzioni sull'uso dei cookie leggi l'informativa estesa, premendo il tasto CHIUDI accetti l'utilizzo dei cookie. Leggi l'informativa Chiudi googleon: all 