Custom Automation and Carbon Fiber Manufacturing in Greenville SC JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser. You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website. Your Language: English Japanese CALL US: 864.288.8001 Product Search Home Composite Manufacturing Winders Creels Carbon Fiber Furnaces Tension Monitoring Lab & Pilot Line Equipment Carbon Fiber Weaving Miscellaneous Equipment Automation Products Distributed Automation Bio-Medical Automation Custom Automation About Careers Press Contact Blog Request Estimate Automated Systems & Robotics Our staff of well-trained engineers is happy to design turnkey solutions for various automation needs, incorporating tabletop and six-axis roots, high-end dispensing systems, and other solutions for various applications. PRODUCT CATALOG REQUEST INFO & PRICING Carbon Fiber Manufacturing With over 35 years of experience supplying equipment to manufacture carbon fiber, Izumi International has been a part of the carbon fiber industry since its earliest days. Our equipment has been specifically designed for carbon fiber manufacturing, and we are able to custom-tailor a solution for specialized industry needs. PRODUCT CATALOG REQUEST INFO & PRICING   On the Cutting Edge. . . Izumi International, Inc. was founded in 1977. Located in Greenville, South Carolina, the center of the US textile trade, Izumi International established itself by providing cutting-edge technology and spare parts for the weaving industry. A few years later, Izumi International began supplying winding machines for the carbon fiber industry which was still in its developing stage. Today, Izumi International, Inc. provides two main services: equipment for the carbon fiber and composites industry and equipment for factory automation . Our sales staff is ready to assist! We have mechanical and electrical engineers on staff who can assist you in the selection of a component, or completely design a custom machine. We have technicians who can install new equipment and service machinery in the field (including older machinery). © 2016 Izumi International, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Website by Waypost | Privacy Policy | Sitemap 1 Pelham Davis Circle, Greenville SC 29615 Start of Async HubSpot Analytics Code End of Async HubSpot Analytics Code 