Home - The Embroidery Warehouse  Home About Us  Buy Now! Shop Online New Embroidery Machines Used Embroidery Machines Sell Your Machine News Contact Us Support Toggle Navigation Used Embroidery Machine Butterfly Embroidery Machine Embroidery Software Embroidery Machine Upgrades TheEmbroideryWarehouse We BUY and SELL Commercial / Industrial Embroidery Machines New Embroidery Machines - Butterfly The Butterfly embroidery machine is an economically priced machine that has not compromised with quality. Butterfly is the best embroidery machine in its class. Used Embroidery Machines We specializes in the reselling of used Tajima, Barudan, SWF, Toyota, and Melco among others commercial and industrial embroidery machines /.row Single Needle Embroidery Machine by Butterfly Make: ButterFly Model: ButterFly JX550 Heads: 1 Needles: 1 Warranty Training Support Embroidery Machine Parts and Accessories We've got everything you need embroidery. From commercial embroidery machines to needles and thread. /.row Embroidery Machine Hoops Barudan -Butterfly -Tajima -SWF -Toyota you can embroider most all your basic embroidered items such as shirts, aprons, jackets, linens, backs of hats, and many more. Embroidery Threads We provide high quality Robinson-Anton thread with each machine. /.row Needles The Embroidery Warehouse strives to be the best source for all types of embroidery equipment while still being competitive. Embroidery Electronics Upgrades We specialize in floppy drive to USB drive upgrades for embroidery machines and other equipment such as CNC machines /.row Embroidery Software Threads Digitizing Software Full Digitizing, Lettering and Editing Software for the Embroidery World. USB to WiFi Device The ‘USB to WiFi’ device looks and acts very similar to a regular USB memory/storage device. However the ‘USB to WiFi’ sticks also has wireless networking abilities /.row vcv no format Welcome to The Embroidery Warehouse, Inc. – We buy and sell commercial embroidery machines. We sell just about every make and model of New and Used Commercial Embroidery Machines. When The Embroidery Warehouse purchases used machines for resell, we only purchase the best of the best. Rest assured that if the make and model of the machines we buy and resell are not high quality, then we don’t buy them! We only buy and sell the best of the best. If the machines we buy are substandard, we part them out. We specializes in the reselling of used Tajima, Barudan, SWF, Toyota, and Melco among others commercial and industrial embroidery machines. TheEmbroideryWarehouse strives to be the best source for all types of embroidery equipment while still being competitive. For Used Embroidery Machines, check our current Inventory or Contact Us vcv no format Facebook Twitter Google-plus Flickr Youtube We've got everything you need embroidery. In TEWH you can find everything you need in one place Used Embroidery Machine We specializes in the reselling of used Tajima, Barudan, SWF, Toyota, and Melco among others commercial and industrial embroidery machines. New Embroidery Machine The Butterfly embroidery machine is an economically priced machine that has not compromised with quality. Butterfly is the best embroidery machine in its class. Embroidery Machines Parts and Accessories The Embroidery Warehouse strives to be the best source for all types of embroidery equipment while still being competitive. /.row At TEWH you can find everything you need in one place Buy Now! Blog All About Embroidery Machines Embroidery Machine [:en]About JF Sequin Embroidery[:es]About JF Sequin Embroidery[:] [:en] About JF Sequin Embroidery 1. Brief of Sequin Embroidery Sequin embroidery is formed by many sequins and the specific stitch form. Because the sequins are made of the hard and shining material with smooth Read more… Embroidery Machine Other Functions Other Functions These functions can be used during the usage, including machine maintenance, information inquiry and system settings. Click  in the main interface to enter the “Other functions” interface, which is a list of function Read more… Embroidery Machine Assistant Operation Assistant Operation The user can carry out these functions and perform some normal assistant operation by clicking the keys on the Assistant Operation interface. Click  to have access to the Assistant Operation interface. Because there Read more… /.row Embroidery Machine Letter Design Operation Letter Design Operation System can generate letter design based on the built-in letter database.. 1. Generate Letter Design Click   to enter letter design parameter input interface. The Main Interface 1 The Main Interface a 2 Read more… Embroidery Machine Butterfly B-1501T Error list Butterfly Embroidery Machine – Error List List of common errors on the Butterfly Embroidery Machine Note: For the errors listed below, you may click “Clear” to check all related parts. Error number: EC08 Error: Pll Read more… Embroidery Machine USED Barudan BENT-101U – 1 Head – 9 Needles – Commercial Embroidery Machine Barudan BENT-101U USED Barudan BENT-101U – 1 Head – 9 Needles – Commercial Embroidery Machine Brand: Barudan Model: BENT-101U Heads: 1 Needles: 9 Warranty and Support: 1 year Wiki Entry (About): Barudan BENT-101U Includes: See Read more… /.row Get in Touch Please feel free to contact us for anything from technical support, to sales, to feedback. We look forward to hearing from you! Find us at the office TheEmbroideryWarehouse Inc. 2954 SE Loop 820, Fort Worth, Texas, 76140 . Give us a ring Telephone: +1 817 346 7691 E-mail:  sales@tewh.com Tags Embroidery Machine Sell Embroidery Equipment Threads Embroidery Software UnCategorized Home About Us Buy Now! Sell Your Machine News Contact Us Support TEWH 