Creating next generation products together | ITM Google Tag Manager (noscript) End Google Tag Manager (noscript) English English Nederlands Polski Espanol Russia Contact Vacancies News Home About ITM ITM: your partner for innovations CSR and Sustainability At ITM we are committed to driving societal change and promoting environmental sustainability. Go to this page Corporate governance Our goal is to create beneficial relationships to all of our partners. Go to this page Board members of ITM ITM is governed by a board of directors and the supervisory board. Go to this page CSR and Sustainability Corporate governance Board members of ITM Become a supplier History of ITM Group of companies Press News from ITM Tembo/TDC commits to next generation products and sustainability June 12, 2019 ITM starts new service centre in Romania March 20, 2019 Social company IMpact benefits from development capability ITM Kampen (SCM/TDC) December 13, 2018 Read more news Solutions Solutions for next generation products Tobacco heating At ITM we develop machines for the production of tobacco-heating products. Go to this page E-vaping We can fully automate the production process of your ecigs. Go to this page Combustibles Based on years of experience, ITM can offer innovative and high-volume solutions. Go to this page Tobacco heating E-vaping Combustibles Discover our platforms Discover our platforms Service ITM service and support Order spare parts Order parts and upgrades online, per email or by phone. Go to this page Report your issue At ITM we have a passion to serve, to secure optimal production. Go to this page Maintenance and support ITM's preventive maintenance programs will improve the efficiency and performance of the platforms. Go to this page Order spare parts Report your issue Maintenance and support Get support on Accupac's print position technology Accupac's portfolio has proven itself by developing print position technology for pre-printed film, tear tape, inner frames and inner foil to fit in any make or model of cigarette wrapping or packing machine. This offers a wide range of opportunities to communicate the brand and campaign messages on and in cigarette packages. Contact ITM Kampen Innovation Contact Contact our companies ITM Poland ITM Poland leads the way in technology for innovative tobacco products. Go to this page ITM Kampen AT ITM Kampen in packing platforms are centered. Go to this page TDC (SCM) TDC is our e-vaping innovation hub, specialized in platforms for micro-assembling. Go to this page ITM Poland ITM Kampen TDC (SCM) To all ITM sites and service centres Career Creating next generation products together When the world is changing, industries need to change too. Next generation products, like tobacco heating and e-vapor products, offer better alternatives. Let’s create those innovative solutions. Together, for next generations. Contact ITM Support | Information | Sales High volume, high precision and high flexibility Our focus is the development of high volume, high precision and high flexibility platforms. Our clients have an idea, we design the machine to produce and pack these products on high-end modular platforms. This is how we enable our customers to produce better, new and alternative products. This is who we are Start with innovation Next generation platforms Ask ITM for support News from ITM Tembo/TDC commits to next generation products and sustainability June 12, 2019 ITM starts new service centre in Romania March 20, 2019 Social company IMpact benefits from development capability ITM Kampen (SCM/TDC) December 13, 2018 Read more news Social and sustainable at ITM At ITM we strive for sustainability. The choices we make, reflect the needs of employees, stakeholders and the environment. In addition, we invest in education, local social and cultural initiatives and environmental improvements. Every year our sites participate in and initiate a wide range of activities. Take a look at our social and sustainability projects Job openings Tactisch/Operationeel Inkoper ITM Eindhoven ITM - Kampen (May 23, 2019) Elektrotechniker (m/w) ITM Germany - Schwalmtal-Waldniel (DE) (April 30, 2019) Software engineer (m/v) TDC - Kampen (NL) (April 30, 2019) To all job openings ITM headquarters Constructieweg 45 8263 BC Kampen The Netherlands Post address P.O. Box 126 8260 AC Kampen The Netherlands Tel +31 38 3766230 Fax +31 38 3766231 Ask your question via the web form Subscribe to newsletter ITM locations ITM Poland ITM Kampen (SCM/TDC) GTS/SCM ITM Eindhoven ITM Germany ITM Service Centres Go to all companies ITM, a Tembo company ITM is a Tembo company. This makes ITM a stronger partner for its customers, because ITM can rely on its sister companies for specific expertises and additional technologies. Meet the Tembo companies Legal General terms Disclaimer Privacy We use cookies This website uses functional and analytical cookies to provide you with an optimal visitor experience. This enables us to record and analyze the behavior of visitors and thereby improve our website. By clicking on the agreement below you give us consent to do so.  Read more about our privacy policy . Accept Close 