Industrial Mixers and Blenders used throughout the process industries - ROSS Mixers NEW ROSS Web App Check out our mobile ROSS Application and Product Guide. Easily search resources, browse images, and learn about ROSS products. Industrial Mixers Menu Not sure where to start? View Multimedia Product Tour MENU MENU Products Dispersers Dispersers Dispersers are perfect for viscous dispersions. They are most often used for chemical, paint, ink and specialty coatings applications. High Shear Mixers High Shear Mixers ROSS is the leading manufacturer of high shear rotor-stator mixer homogenizers and high-speed dispersion equipment for the adhesives, chemical, cosmetic, food pharmaceutical and plastics industries. Kneaders Kneaders ROSS Kneader Extruders combines the efficiency of a double arm - sigma blade mixer with the convenience of an extrusion screw for the mixing and discharging of heavy viscous materials. Multi-Shaft Mixers Multi-Shaft Mixers Multi-Shaft Mixers are available in fixed tank and change can designs. They are also offered in dual or triple shaft configurations to match up with your specific process needs. Planetary Mixers Planetary Mixers ROSS is the leading supplier of Planetary Mixers to mix products including adhesives, pharmaceuticals, foods, chemicals, electronics, plastics and pigments. Ribbon-Paddle Blenders Ribbon and Paddle Blenders Many products including pharmaceuticals, foods (BISSC certified), chemicals, fertilizers, plastics, pigments, and cosmetics are manufactured in ROSS Ribbon and Paddle Blenders. Solids/Liquids Injection SLIM Technology SLIM technology enables you to wet out powders instantly. The SLIM system sucks solids directly into the high shear rotor-stator where they are wetted out and dispersed into the liquid stream. Static Mixers Static Mixers ROSS static mixing systems include either our ISG (Interfacial Surface Generator) or LPD (Low Pressure Drop) static - no moving parts mixers and fully integrated control systems. Three Roll Mills Three Roll Mills When ROSS produced the first Three Roll Mill more than 80 years ago, we revolutionized pigment dispersion — with superior consistency and finer dispersion than ever before. Tumble Blenders Tumble Blenders ROSS tumble blenders are available in a variety of geometries, the most common being the V-shaped or double-cone configurations. Vacuum Drying Systems Vacuum Drying Systems Complete vacuum drying systems are available to meet the needs of each application. The systems typically include a mixer/blender, filter, condenser, vacuum pump and condensate receiving vessel. Vacuum Mixer Homogenizers Vacuum Mixer Homogenizers The ROSS Turboemulsifier consists of a counter-rotating turbine and a high speed rotor/stator. The rotor stator head is positioned in the bottom center of the mix vessel to enable its use with very small volumes of material. Vertical Blenders Vertical Blenders Vertical Blenders are an excellent design alternative for applications that are shear sensitive or where space on the plant floor is at a minimum. Discharge Systems Discharge Systems Follower Plate Discharge Systems are used to discharge viscous non-flowable materials from the vessel of a Change Can Mixer. Control Systems Control Systems ROSS control and data acquisition systems offer unprecedented accuracy and flexibility in the mixing and blending process. Tanks & Vessels Tanks and Vessels The Main Fabrication and Assembly Bay located at ROSS Engineering in Savannah, GA is ideal for tank and vessel jobs of virtually any size and complexity, ROSS can deliver exactly the support you need at extremely competitive prices. In Stock Equipment In Stock New and Rebuilt Mixers New, Used or Rebuilt equipment can be shipped to meet your immediate needs. Take a look at the current inventory of each product line as you review the capabilities of each design. Industrial Mixers & Blenders Our mixing, blending, drying and dispersion equipment, is available in either standard or custom designs, to meet your specific processing needs. The company has a world class reputation for innovative engineering, superb construction and fast delivery View All Products > Industries Served Adhesives and Sealants Adhesives and Sealants ROSS mixers, blenders and dispersers are used throughout the adhesives and sealants manufacturing industry. Applications include the simple stirring of low viscosity miscible fluids to the sophisticated dispersion of high viscosity dissimilar materials. Aerospace and Aviation Aerospace and Aviation The Aerospace and Aviation Industry is a special niche market we are proud to serve for many decades now. ROSS Mixers and Blenders are used in the manufacture of aerospace materials and intermediates Batteries and Electronics Batteries and Electronics Our Mixers and Blenders are associated with a wide range of dry and wet applications in the battery and electronics industries. Cannabis, CBD Manufacturing Cannabis, CBD Manufacturing Cannabis-infused products and medical marijuana are at the forefront of an innovative and promising industry. ROSS has the expertise to effectively incorporate any active ingredient in a full application viscosity range. Proper homogenization is key to obtaining uniform potency. Chemicals Chemicals ROSS serves the requirements of the Chemical Process Industries, in virtually every industrialized country around the world. Typical applications include mixing, blending, particle size reduction, emulsification, homogenization, powder induction, vacuum processing and more. Cosmetics and Personal Care Products Cosmetics and Personal Care Products Our mixers and blenders are applied for many development and production operations in the cosmetics and personal care industries. A few examples include Carbopol Gels, Lipsticks, Powder Foundations, Skincare Creams, Toothpaste, and Wax Emulsions. Food Food Applications ROSS is a leading manufacturer of mixing, blending, drying, size reduction, emulsification, homogenization, dispersion and control equipment for the Food Industry. We have over 170 years of experience designing and building a variety of equipment for applications ranging from simple stirring to sophisticated reactions. Glass, Cements, Ceramics and Metals Glass, Cements, Ceramics and Metals ROSS mixers, blenders and dispersers are used throughout the ceramic manufacturing industry. Applications include the simple blending of dry powders to the sophisticated dispersion of solids into high viscosity fluids Inks, Paints, and Coatings Inks, Paints, and Coatings Inks, Paints & Coatings - for different substrates including paper, glass, textile, plastic, rubber, metals, etc. Pharmaceuticals & Medical Supplies Pharmaceuticals & Medical Supplies ROSS serves the requirements of the Pharmaceutical industry, in virtually every industrialized country around the world. We have the experience and production capacity that no other manufacturer of specialty mixing and blending equipment can match. Plastics and Composites Plastics and Composites ROSS mixers, blenders and dispersers are used throughout the plastics and composites manufacturing industries. Others Other Mixer Applications ROSS mixers and blenders can be used in a wide range of applications, and we are constantly researching new application for ROSS mixers. Industries Served In virtually every industrialized nation, ROSS equipment is now the #1 choice for mixing, blending and dispersion. Since the company was founded, we have built a world class reputation for innovative engineering, superb construction and fast delivery. View Mixer Applications > Resources Articles Articles As experts in the mixing and blending industry, we regularly write articles for various industry technical magazines to describe how specific mixers are engineered and designed for applications relevant to businesses. "The Expert's Corner" Blog "The Expert's Corner" Blog The Expert's Corner Blog features curated content from ROSS engineers, managers, and sales reps, updated regularly, to provide customers with in-depth mixing knowledge, advice, and solutions. Links Links Over the years, ROSS has found a number of related websites and resources to help in your mixer and blender selection process. View these useful links while choosing the right equipment for your needs. Mixing Technology Reports Mixing Technology Reports Mixing Technology Insights offer a brief look into ROSS' products, process expertise and market strengths. The reports delve into how the equipment can be used to improve your process and to add to your bottom line. ROSS Trial Rental Program ROSS Trial Rental Program The ROSS Trial Rental Program gives process managers a powerful tool for optimizing a process before committing to a large capital purchase. Test and Development Center Test and Development Center We are now conducting more tests in the ROSS Test & Development Center than ever before. Already the best equipped laboratory in the specialty mixer business, our Test and Development Center was recently expanded. New equipment provides an even broader range of options for testing. In Stock Equipment In Stock Equipment ROSS rebuilt mixing and blending equipment is recognized for its high retention value. We maintain the world's largest inventory of new, used and rebuilt mixers that are ready to ship when you need them. Videos Videos Watch our ROSS Mixers and Blenders in action as we demonstrate each mixer's capabilities and how they handle different applications. Webinars Webinars Our interactive webinars are online training tools developed by ROSS to help customers make the right purchasing decisions when it comes to the proper mixers/blenders for their mixing processes. Whitepapers Whitepapers Over years of research and testing, we've written a number of studies outlining best practices for mixers, the right blenders for every application, and how to determine the correct size product to perform at maximum efficiency with our whitepapers. Worldwide Facilities Worldwide Facilities ROSS has its sales offices and facilities located worldwide for all of your mixing and blending requirements; with equipment facilities in the United States, China, and India. Resources Providing the most insight and information towards our mixers and blenders, our Resources section is designed to help customers make the right choices when selecting the proper mixers in their next application. View Resources > Company Company History Company History Learn how Charles Ross & Son Company grew from building grain mills in the 1800's to the world's leader in mixing and blending equipment. News News Stay informed with the latest company news and tech from Charles Ross & Son Company. Worldwide Facilities Worldwide Facilities ROSS has its sales offices and facilities located worldwide for all of your mixing and blending requirements; with equipment facilities in the United States, China, and India. Employee Owners Employee Owners The ROSS family has owned the company since its inception. In 1999, the company established an ESOP for its employees. All of the company's employees now share in the ownership. ROSS Regional Sales Managers ROSS Regional Sales Managers No other maker of mixers and blenders serves the U.S. process industries with a sales team that offers this much value. FAQ's Frequently Asked Questions Have questions on how ROSS operates, what our specialities are, or who to get in touch with on your next mixer purchase? Get your answers here. Sales Offices Sales Offices ROSS Mixers has sales offices located throughout the world to handle all of your mixing and blending needs in any location. Employment Opportunities Employment Opportunities ROSS Mixers is looking for experienced and driven individuals to become part of the ROSS team. Maps & Driving Directions Maps & Driving Directions Get driving directions to all of ROSS Facilities. Parts & Services Parts & Services ROSS believes that parts and service availability after shipment are an important component of the initial purchasing decision. We maintain a very large stock of spare parts in all of our plant sites. Most parts are shipped within 24 hours of order placement. In Stock Equipment In Stock Equipment ROSS rebuilt mixing and blending equipment is recognized for its high retention value. We maintain the world's largest inventory of new, used and rebuilt mixers that are ready to ship when you need them. Charles Ross and Son Company ROSS is the World Leader in Mixing & Blending Technology. The company has a world class reputation for innovative engineering, superb construction and fast delivery. ROSS equipment is designed and built in the USA, China and India. View Company > Contact Us Contact ROSS Contact Us Contact information for our Corporate Headquarters, along with contact information for all of our manufacturing plants and worldwide facilities. Request a Quote Request a Quote To request more information about a particular mixer and application, or to request a quote, fill out our request form . Sales Offices Sales Offices ROSS Mixers has sales offices located throughout the world to handle all of your mixing and blending needs in any location. Site Map Site Map Call to learn about our In Stock Rentals Contact Us Contact information for our Corporate Headquarters, along with contact information for all of our manufacturing plants and worldwide facilities. Contact Us > View Cart Buy Online The Leader in industrial mixing, blending, drying, and dispersion equipment since 1842. SLIDE BROCHURE MAIN IMAGE LAYERS LAYER NR. 1 World-Class Manufacturing, Worldwide Leadership 170+ years of innovation 9 worldwide manufacturing locations 16 growing product lines 700 employees 600,000 sq. ft. of manufacturing space View Our Brochure SLIDE DPM MAIN IMAGE LAYERS LAYER NR. 1 Featuring our Double Planetary Mixer Ideal for pastes and putty-like materials Patented "HV" blades for mixing viscous applications up to 6 million cP Vacuum/pressure, sanitary and heavy-duty designs available Many sizes from half-pint to 750 gallons View Our Brochure SLIDE HSM MAIN IMAGE LAYERS LAYER NR. 1 Join the ultra-high shear mixer revolution. Prepare ultra-fine emulsions and dispersions 6 times faster than conventional mixers Tighter particle size distributions, greater throughput Reduce the number of passes through your mill... or eliminate milling completely View Our Brochure SLIDE INTERNATIONAL MAIN IMAGE LAYERS LAYER NR. 1 Wherever you are in the world, ROSS can help make your business more competitive. Five manufacturing plants in the US, two in China and one in India Genuine ROSS engineering and quality standards Worldwide distribution and representation Fast delivery, top-notch service View Our Brochure SLIDE SLIM MAIN IMAGE LAYERS LAYER NR. 1 The ultimate in high speed powder dispersion SLIM Technology, the world's most efficient and reliable device for dispersing powders into a liquid stream Routinely cuts process times by 80% or more Eliminates fish eyes, clogging, foaming and excessive dusting Outperforms eductors, turbines, propellers and other rotor/stator mixers View Our Brochure SLIDE MTI MAIN IMAGE LAYERS LAYER NR. 1 Introducing the Mixing Technology Insights Access articles specific to your industry and process Find solutions to mixing and blending issues Learn how you can lower production costs and increase efficiency Use over 170 years of experience to your advantage View Our Brochure SLIDE WP MAIN IMAGE LAYERS LAYER NR. 1 Your technical resource for the latest white papers and webinars on mixing Ribbon Blenders: A Best Practices Guide Five Ways to More Energy-Efficient Mixing Solutions to Batch Mixing Issues And many more… View Our Brochure Rebuilt Mixers The world's largeset inventory of new and rebuilt mixers, blenders, and dispersers > The Expert's Corner This Blog features content from ROSS engineers and managers to provide in-depth mixing knowledge. ROSS Rents Mixers Free Trials available through the ROSS Trial Rental Program. Learn More > ROSS Web App Easily search resources, browse images, and learn about ROSS Mixing and Blending Technologies. Latest News: ROSS plant expansion in Nantong, China - 7/9/2019 Building a Better Industrial Mixer ROSS has manufactured industrial mixing , blending, drying and dispersion equipment since 1842. Standard and custom designs are available to meet the varied processing requirements of our customers. We design and build our mixers and blenders in company owned plants in the United States, China and India. All of our plants are all fully equipped with advanced engineering and manufacturing tools. In the USA alone, we operate five plants and maintain an 8000 sq. ft. Test & Development Center. Our mixers and blenders are used throughout the process industries and include food - adhesive & sealant - green technologies - battery - ceramic & metal - chemical - coating - cosmetic & personal care products - pharmaceutical - plastic manufacturing companies. Browse by Product Discharge Systems Dispersers High Shear Mixers Kneaders Multi-Shaft Mixers Planetary Mixers Ribbon-Paddle Blenders Solids/Liquids Injection Static Mixers Three Roll Mills Tumble Blenders Vacuum Drying Systems Vacuum Mixer Homogenizers Vertical Blenders Control Systems Tank & Vessels Browse by Application Adhesives and Sealants Aviation and Aerospace Batteries and Electronics Chemicals Cosmetics and Personal Care Products Food Glass, Cements, Ceramics and Metals Inks, Paints & Coatings Pharmaceuticals & Medical Supplies Plastics and Composites Others Test & Development Center A Walk Through Tour of our Test & Development Center The Right Mixer for Every Industry In virtually every industrialized nation, ROSS equipment is now the #1 choice for mixing, blending and dispersion. Since the company was founded, we have built a world class reputation for innovative engineering, superb construction and fast delivery. Adhesives and Sealants ROSS Mixers provides industrial mixing equipment for applications that range from low viscosity miscible fluids to dispersion of high viscosity dissimilar materials. Learn More Batteries and Electronics Installed in manufacturing facilities around the world, ROSS Mixers are known for efficient and accurate batching of pastes, gels, slurries, solutions and powders used in various battery types and chemistries. Learn More Chemicals Typical chemical applications of ROSS' industrial mixers include low to high viscosity mixing, dry blending, emulsification, particle size reducation, powder induction, and vacuum processing. Learn More Cosmetics ROSS High Shear Mixers and Multi-Shaft Mixers accomplish a variety of processing objectives in the cosmetics and personal care manufacturing industries. Learn More Food ROSS food industrial mixing equipment includes Dry Blenders, High Shear Mixers with SLIM Technology, Dual Shaft and Triple Shaft Mixers, and Double Planetary Mixers. Learn More Ceramics and Metals With Industrial Mixers having a direct correlation to the perfomance, strength, and durability of final product, ROSS Planetary Mixers are ideal for ceramics, composites, glass, and metals. Learn More Inks, Paints & Coatings ROSS High Speed Dispersers, High Shear Mixers, Three Roll Mills, and Multi-Shaft Mixers are widely used for various applications throughout the ink, paint, and coatings industry. Learn More Pharmaceuticals ROSS Sanitary Mixing Equipment meet phamrmaceutical industry regulations to ensure end products that are safe, pure, and effective - with custom mixing solutions to deal with high level of dispersion complexity. Learn More Plastics ROSS Industrial Mixers are well-proven in manufacturing low to high viscosity dispersions within the plastics and composites industry, from foams, to polymer additives, to epoxies. Learn More Aerospace and Aviation Within the aerospace and aviation markets, ROSS Mixers and Blenders are used to produce a variety of materials, including abradable coatings, advanced ceramic composites, energetics, and rocket insulation. Learn More Dispersers High Shear Mixers Kneaders Multi-Shaft Mixers Planetary Mixers Ribbon-Paddle Blenders Solids/Liquids Injection Static Mixers Three Roll Mills Tumble Blenders Vacuum Drying Systems Vacuum Mixer Homogenizers Vertical Blenders Discharge Systems Control Systems Tank & Vessels Connect with Us: Join our Newsletter for information on new products, whitepapers, webinar updates, and recent events. Lists * Ross Mixers Email Newsletter Copyright 2018 Charles Ross & Son Company All rights reserved. Products Industries Served Resources Company Contact Us Buy Online View Cart Request a Quote Google Code for Remarketing Tag ------------------------------------------------ Remarketing tags may not be associated with personally identifiable information or placed on pages related to sensitive categories. See more information and instructions on how to setup the tag on: http://google.com/ads/remarketingsetup ------------------------------------------------- TOUR SCRIPTS SLIDER REVOLUTION 4.x SCRIPTS THE SCRIPT INITIALISATION LOOK THE DOCUMENTATION FOR MORE INFORMATIONS END REVOLUTION SLIDER 