Picanol Skip to main content Main navigation Principles Machines & Features Parts & Accessories Training & Services Contact us Calculators Jobs News Media Search Contact us Discover the new OmniPlus- i Discover the new OmniPlus- i Discover our principles Smart performance Driven by Data Sustainability Inside Intuitive Control Meet us around the world Download our new app and keep in touch with our latest innovations. Introducing OmniPlus- i We make it easier Use our calculators online Yarn count convertor Remaining warp beam length & weight calculator Fabric length & weight calculator Yarn diameter & count calculator Cover factor calculator or download our app Our weaving solutions MACHINES & FEATURES Airjet & rapier Technology We develop, manufacture and sell high-tech weaving machines. PARTS & ACCESSORIES Original Quality Parts Guarantee a continued high performance. TRAINING & SERVICES Picanol Customer Services We help you to take your talent further. How we see the future Latest news LNG trucks for Picanol container transport In cooperation with Group-GTS (Tessenderlo), Picanol (part of Picanol Group) has recently deployed two LNG trucks for... World Premiere at ITMA Barcelona: Picanol’s digitized insertion on rapier At ITMA we proudly demonstrate an OptiMax-i weaving denim fabrics with almost fully digitized insertion. Exclusive demos @ ITMA 2019: information at your fingertips Sneak preview of PicCon, Picanol’s “Live Machine Feedback Platform” Come and visit us at ITMA. The Picanol booth is located in Hall 4, Booth B101. We're getting ready for ITMA Barcelona 2019! Construction of our Picanol booth in progress 🤩💪 Made for the future in the factory of the future See the Picanol factory come alive in this video. Meet us around the world Download our new app and keep in touch with our latest innovations. Steverlyncklaan 15, 8900 Ieper, Belgium +32 57 222 111 - info@picanol.be About us - Contact us Picanol App Discover Picanol's latest news and stories in weaving through Augmented Reality and use our trusted calculators in their new design.   Stay in touch Picanol only collects your personal data to the extent that they are necessary to provide you with our services, for the development of web statistics and to comply with mandatory requirements. Subscribe to our newsletter ©2019 Picanol - Privacy statement - Terms of use 