Metronor CMM | Next Generation Portable CMMs Partner login home Industrial Military Medical About Quality Technology History Privacy Policy News Contact Us Industrial Inquiry Military Inquiry Medical Inquiry Navigation Menu #navwrap Metronor Two... Metronor Two combines affordability and ease-of-use like no other portable... read more end .slide TrackScan Experience the full capabilities of sticker-free scanning... read more end .slide Eastec 2019... Come see at at Eastec to find the newest products... read more end .slide end .slides Metronor Two... TrackScan Eastec 2019... #switcher end #featured Portable Precision Making the Most of Metrology .wrapper idium WordPress Follow Us Metronor © 2018 Privacy policy and cookies This declaration applies to Metronor CMM with associated websites. What is a cookie and local storage of data? When you visit our website different types of data is stored locally on your unit via your browser. This data could e.g. include user settings, information about how you surfed our website, which browser you used, and which ads that were shown.This type of “locally stored data” could be used to customize content and functions of services for you, thereby contributing to a better and more meaningful visit.Cookies do not contain directly identifiable data about you (such as name, address, telephone number etc.), instead the information regards your browser and the activity through it. What do we use cookies and locally stored data for? We use locally stored data to: Deliver and customize our services to the unit and browser you use Give you relevant and customized content Measure and analyse traffic on the pages For more information on our privacy policy see Privacy Policy . Both Metronor CMM and our subcontractors (e.g. Idium AS as supplier of this website) stores data locally on your unit. Eventual subcontractors are subject to the data processing agreement and can not use data for anything other than delivering the service we have ordered from them. For more information on how Idium AS treat personal data see here . Lightbox Plus v2.5 - 2013.01.11 - Message: 0 Global site tag (gtag.js) - Google Analytics 