Briquette Machine,Pellet Mills,Small Oil Press,Wood Pellet Mill,Vegetable Oil Mill China supplier Home About Us Product Pellet Mill Oil Press Briquette Press Flour Mill Feed Machinery Roll Forming Machine News Contact us Navigation Biomass & feed pellet mill Turn waste biomass to pellet for heating, boiler, generate electricity, animal feed. Read More Oil press Deal in oil mill machinery, oil extraction machinery, oil milling machinery, etc. Read More Flour mill machinery For maize, wheat, corn, rice, cassava, made in China, since 1992. Read More Our Product Briquetting Machine Briquette machine have wide applicaitons in biomass briquetting plant, charcoal powder briquetting plant, brick making machines etc. Read more Oil Press Processing vegetable oil as cooking oil or biofuel. Cater for all needs of clients ranging from complete turn-key vegetable oil mills to individual sections. Read more Pellet Mill AGICO is a key manufacturer producing renewable energy-saving machinery, including Wood Pellet Mill,Hammer Mill,feed milling equipment. Read more Flour Mill We have 40 varieties productions include plastifter, roller mills, pneumatic flour mill, conveyer and all kinds of cleaning equipments. Read more Roll Forming Machine Roll forming machinery adopts European advanced design concept and technology based on the market demands of diversified customers. Read more Feed Machinery Complete feed machinery and compound fertilizer equipments and gasifier equipments for grass, wood and other biomass materials. Read more Why choose us AGICO GROUP originated from 1992, committed to the manufacture and exportation of renewable fuel & energy equipments and general machinery. At present, our company become an independent economic entity with the integration of science, engineering and trading department. We offer our clients efficient and sincere service across the world. Our products feature high quality, good capability and human design with professional technical direction.The business scope of our company includes oil press, pellet mill, wood pellet mill, four mill, briquette machine for feedstuff and wood pellets and complete plant of oil press,and pellet mill. [More >>] Recommend Product Wood Pellet Plant AGICO is a leading manufacturer of pellet machines in China. We supply pellet press and other equipments that are necessary in wood pellet machine or biomass pelletizing plant.... View All News Small Oil Press AGICO is a professional manufacturer of Oil Press in China. The Small Screw Oil Expeller with 5 main parts is able to use a variety of seeds as raw materials, like soybeans and peanuts.... View All News Small Wheat Flour Mill AGICO is one of the best manufacturers and suppliers of Small Wheat Flour Mill in China, its mill machines are featured: easy maintaining and operating, automated production process.... View All News Biomass Briquetting Machine As one of the main manufacturers of Charcoal Briquette Machine in China, AGICO supplies all the high quality equipments of complete project of Biomass Charcoal Briquette.... View All News Get Superior Machine Complete Your Project Easily and Safely ENQUIRE NOW LATEST NEWS Sandwich panel rollforming machine <div class="time"><i class="fa fa-calendar"></i> 17 November 2017</div> TF VII Sandwich Panel line is composed by loading car, uncolier, guiding & feeding device, roll forming machine, etc.And it can produce three kind of wall panels and two kind of roof panels.... Cable tray roll forming machinery <div class="time"><i class="fa fa-calendar"></i> 17 November 2017</div> The cable tray roll forming machinery include uncoiler car, uncoiler, feeding guide, main machine, roll forming cutter, automatic stacker, hydraulic system and electric control system.... Steel structure floor roll forming lines <div class="time"><i class="fa fa-calendar"></i> 17 November 2017</div> The steel structure floor roll forming lines include uncoiler car, uncoiler, feeding guide, main machine, roll forming cutter, automatic stacker, hydraulic system and electric control system.... View All News Get In Touch With info@agitc.cn (86) 372 5965148 Categories Home About us Product News Contact us Product Pellet Mill Oil Press Briquette Press Flour Mill Feed Machinery Roll Forming Machine News Biomass Pellet Advantage Flour Machinery for Milling Wheat, flour and flour mill What are the uses of sawdust pellets? Wheat flour machinery affects flour quality © Anyang General International Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Top Scan to visit on mobile Global site tag (gtag.js) - Google Analytics 