Second-hand textile machines and used nonwovens machinery for sale Second-hand textile machines Second-hand nonwoven machines Used machinery for textiles and nonwovens With its solid experience of 28 years, Tornado Textilmaschinen GmbH has specialized in the purchase and sale of used textile machinery and second-hand nonwoven machines. We offer a variety of used industrial textile machines, second-hand nonwoven production lines and pre-owned textile equipment from reputable sources to the nonwoven and textile industry worldwide - from single machines to complete plants.   Please search our website inventory of used textile machinery to track down your ideal used textile machine or production line. Click on any of the links on the left to view the complete quotes on our pre-owned nonwoven machines and second-hand textile machinery for sale. If there is any second-hand equipment for nonwovens or textile which you are looking for which you do not see listed, please email or fax us your requirements. Our stocks are changing daily and we are constantly viewing and selling used nonwoven machines, second-hand needle looms resp. needle punch machines, secondhand nonwoven production lines, used tufting, coating or finishing machines and other used textile machinery that may suit your needs.   Please also inform us what second-hand textile or nonwovens machinery you plan to release from production or what other used textile production machines you have for sale. We offer your surplus textile machines all over the world and assure you of a fair and correct cooperation.   Tornado Textilmaschinen GmbH Import-Export is used textile machinery dealer registered in Germany / Europe. We are member of Chamber of Commerce and Industry, IPPC ISPM-15 approved packer and Authorized Economic Operator AEO-F. We offer complete solutions and welcome your enquiries.   Used textile machinery: Summary by category Second hand textile machines: Alphabetical summary     © Elisabeth Aderhold-Marleaux 