OPICO - Agricultural Machinery Distributors OPICO - The Company OPICO HE-VA Sky Agriculture Strautmann Maschio Gaspardo Other Brands OPICO HE-VA Sky Agriculture Strautmann Maschio Gaspardo Tap for navigation Home News Events About OPICO Contact Territory Managers OPICO People GDPR Opt-Out Privacy Policy Vacancies GO eat@opico.co.uk OPICO Sward Lifter OPICO Grain Dryers HE-VA Cultivation HE-VA Combi-Disc Sky Agriculture Drills Strautmann Forage Wagons Maschio UNICO Plough Maschio Flail Mowers Gaspardo Precision Drill - MIRKA Go to OPICO Under its own brand the OPICO  product range includes Grass Harrows , Seeders , Grassland Subsoilers , Grassland Slitters , Comb Harrows , Fertiliser Applicators , Post Hole Diggers , and Grain Dryers . Go to HE-VA OPICO Ltd  is also the UK distributor for the HE-VA range of equipment, that includes Subsoilers , Combi-Lifts , Disc Rollers , Triple Tiller Stubble Cultivator , Front Presses , Grass Rollers , Cambridge Rolls and King Rolls . Go to Sky OPICO Ltd is now the UK distributor for the  Sky  range of equipment, that includes  Mintill Drills ,  Pneumatic Direct Drills and Gravity Fed Direct Drills . Go to Strautmann OPICO Ltd is now the UK distributor for the Strautmann range of Mixer Wagons , Forage Wagons and Muck Spreaders . Maschio Gaspardo OPICO Ltd is the UK distributor for the Maschio Gaspardo range of equipment, that includes: Power Harrows , Flail Mowers , Seed Drills , Rotary Cultivators , Hedge Cutters , Ploughs and Precision Seed Drills . Latest News New Strautmann Dealer in Dumfries and Galloway /new-strautmann-dealer-in-dumfries-and-galloway/ h4>Category: UK Farming</!h4 OPICO Ltd is pleased to announce the appointment of R C Dalgliesh Limited to their Strautmann dealer network. 1 week ago Maschio - Choosing the right plough /maschio-choosing-the-right-plough/ h4>Category: UK Farming</!h4 Sales Manager and Plough Product Manager, Rob Immink about the importance of choosing the right plough for the job.  1 week ago Read all Opico news Welcome to OPICO OPICO Limited   is the largest independent distributor of agricultural machinery with over five decades of experience and knowledge of the trade.  The company currently is the sole UK importer for the following machinery brands: OPICO - these include gas and diesel batch grain dryers, large grassland range of machines, post hole diggers and Avadex applicators, plus many more.  Knowledge of Grassland and Arable Farming agronomy has also been a focus for OPICO over recent years in order to improve how the machines work and give more benefits to customers. Work with Masstock and Openfield on Oilseed Rape, and Limagrain, Growhow, UPL and ACT on the grassland side has allowed OPICO to learn from the collective sharing of knowledge. HE-VA - Best known for producing one of the most advanced high-quality sets of rolls on the market for over 10 years, HE-VA continue to make and develop machines with the aim to increase work rates and improve soil condition to suit the need of individual farms across the world . HE-VA also offer an extensive range of cultivation machines that currently offer subsoilers, disc cultivators, stubble cultivators and fronts presses to name but a few. Sky  - Sky-Agriculture Seed Drills provide high capacity drilling solutions for all soil conditions and cultivation systems. No matter which model you choose the design focuses on achieving maximum productivity by allowing drilling in a large range of working conditions to increase the window in which crops can be established. The Sky attention to detail can easily be   recognised   on   first   inspection. Every drill is finished to very high standards and there   are   a range of clever features to make them very   user-friendly. Strautmann  - Established over 80 years ago, Strautmann has developed market leading expertise in the fields of agricultural transport, livestock feeding, forage harvesting and muck spreading. The Strautmann range of vertical mixer wagons is available with single, twin or triple augers, in capacities of 7.5 to 45 cubic metres. The Strautmann range of forage loader wagons is available in 23 to 50 cubic metres capacities with 32 - 50 knives. Strautmann muck spreaders are available in 10.5 to 20 cubic metres capacities with horizontal or vertical beaters and two spreading discs, depending on model, and are suitable for spreading a variety of muck. Maschio Gaspardo is an international Group, a leader in the production of agricultural equipment for tillage, seeding, crop care, green maintenance and hay making. The Group produces a wide range of rotary cultivators, power harrows, mulchers, precision planters, cereal seed drills, combination cultivator-drills, flail-mowers, ploughs, minimum tillage, spraying and hay making equipment. The Company has 11 production plants, 8 in Italy and 3 abroad in Romania, India and China. Moreover, Maschio Gaspardo has 12 sales branches worldwide. The Group currently employs approximately 1,800 people, held together by the following core values: Strong orientation to productivity and work Proactive approach to growth and development Service and quality check Strong customer care A solid company that conceives new solutions, implements and gives life to new technologies, introduces and spreads its knowledge for the development of agriculture.   Our Tweets Tweets by @OPICOLtd Sites OPICO the Company OPICO Products HE-VA Sky Agriculture Strautmann Maschio Gaspardo Dealer Intranet Login Information and Help News Events About OPICO Contact Request Callback OPICO Terms and Conditions OPICO Privacy Policy OPICO Cookie Policy OPICO Opening Times Keep in touch OPICO Limited Cherry Holt Road, Bourne  Lincolnshire, PE10 9LA  United Kingdom Tel: 01778 421111 Fax Sales: 01778 425080 Fax Parts: 01778 391663 Find us View larger map & get directions © Copyright 2019 OPICO Limited Website by Rade Digital COOKIE NOTICE ROW We use cookies to make your experience of our website better. Some of the cookies we use are essential for parts of the site to operate and have already been set. Find out more about the cookies we use and how to block or delete cookies  here . By continuing to browse this site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies. OK // ROW // COOKIE NOTICE 