Truweld Welding Industries   Welcome to Truweld Welding Industries. We are Singapore’s leading manufacturer and supplier of TIG/MIG/Plasma Welding Torches and Consumables, Tungsten Electrodes, Welding Accessories & Safety Products. Our bulk purchases with huge inventories enable us to offer competitive prices to our distributors and thereby giving them a selling edge in their respective markets. Our high quality Truweld® products are exported to leading Welding distributors worldwide. Our Manufacturing Range includes TIG Torches compatible with Weldcraft® & MIG Torches compatible with Binzel®, Panasonic® , OTC®, Tweco®,Bernard®, Esab®, Tregaskiss® & Plasma Torches compatible with Panasonic® & Esab® etc. Also our Product Range covers the complete range of TIG Parts & MIG Parts compatible with above brands in addition to those from Kemppi®,Mechafin®, OXO® , OCIM® etc In addition our stock includes complete range of Tungsten Electrodes, Electrode Holders, Earth Clamps, Cable Connectors, Gouging Torches, Gouging Rods,Electrode Ovens, Electrical Plugs & Sockets , Gas Regulators, Cutting Torches, Cutting Nozzles, MIG Wire Feeder Motors, MIG Wire Feed Rollers , Cable & Hose fittings , TIG & MIG Adapters , Welding Gloves, Leather Safety products etc. We also provide customized torches suitable for specific customers requirements. Our catalogues are updated periodically, to reflect the new products added in our range. With our fast, reliable and consumer-oriented service, our customer service team is enthusiastic and ever ready to assist you with any of your requirements. For further enquiries and for a price quotation feel free to click on the “Contact and Enquiries Tab”.   Samples are available, please send us your requirements. For a no obligation Quotation & Samples, please Contact us today. EMAIL : sales@truweld.com | TEL : 65-6345 4780 | FAX : 65-6345 4781 Parts & Torches offered by Truweld Welding Industries on this Website are not genuine parts & are only compatible parts. References to Brand, Torch & Part No. is only for convenience. Copyright © 2013 Truweld Welding Industries. All Rights Reserved. Designed by IT Works Interactive Start of SimpleHitCounter Code End of SimpleHitCounter Code 