Home - Ing. A. Maurer S.A. Skip to content Home Company History Engineering Laboratory& Pilot Plants Development New Fibres Products & Services Viscose Preparation Alkalising Ageing Xanthation Disintegration Homogenization Deaeration Viscose Staple Fibre Spinning machines Spinnerettes Stretching Unit Cutting machine Aftertreatment machine Viscose Filament Cellophane Exhaust Air Treatment Chemical Plants After Sales NEWS Contact #site-navigation #masthead -- slides div start -- -- slides div end -- slides thumbnails div end Welcome to Ing. A. Maurer S.A. At Maurer's since almost a hundred years highest quality originates. Estimated in the viscose industry with the manufacturing of complete plants at large scale nowadays we bring engineering into our focus. Whether big or small scope, viscose industry, new and sustainable fibres such as lyocel or modal, chemical plants or pharmaceutical machineries - we bring it all. In our offices at Bern, the capital of Switzerland, we unite experts with manifold backgrounds. We hardly ever settle, always striving for better solutions for our customer's in terms of productivity, sustainability, innovation and development. Thanks to this attitude we have customer relationships that last back to our roots in the first part of the twentieth century. The markets we operate are challenging, as everything around us they move faster than they used to. We always managed to successfully adapt us to new circumstances and keep our customers the hub of all our activities. To us costumer inquiries are not just to be handled, they are to be outperformed by our high performance. As a result our reputation in the market as a company delivering highest quality is impressive, even to ourselves. We are the safe value that You can always count on. Feel free to contact us at any time, it will be a pleasure for us to get in touch with You. .entry-content #main #primary #content ING. A. MAURER S.A. Worblentalstrasse 33 CH-3063 Ittigen Switzerland +41 31 925 34 30 info@maurer-sa.ch News Basic Design for Exhaust System Automatic Spinneret Cleaning Machine Welcome to our new Website Information Terms of Use Privacy Policy © Copyright by Ing. A. Maurer SA .site-info #colophon #page 