Cobble Skip to main content Cobble en Service About us Events vandewiele.com Search Menu Search Search Highlight Contact Main navigation Activities Applications Floor Technical textiles Vandewiele Academy Downloads News Service About us Events vandewiele.com Secondary service Careers Log in Main navigation Activities Applications Floor Technical textiles Vandewiele Academy Downloads News Highlight Contact Inspired by expertise We imagine, build and integrate innovative textile systems for flooring qualities and technical textiles. Sharing inspiration and expertise with our customers worldwide, we shape the textile industry of the future. Creating success for them all, from yarn to finished product. Activities Applications VANDEWIELE ACADEMY Sharing inspiration and expertise with our customers worldwide, we shape the textile industry of the future, from granulate to carpet. Cobble Van De Wiele has remained at the forefront of technology through anticipating, identifying and responding to industry requirements and trends. Through continuous innovation, Cobble Van De Wiele is meeting the ever increasing demands made on all the tufting equipment supplied to carpet manufacturers. Activities Colortec Colortec provides the ultimate in tuft patterning technology by integrating Cobble’s well-established techniques of individual needle control (ICN), sliding needle bar and intermittent cloth feed. Read more Myriad “Myriad” means countless or extremely great in number. The Myriad attachment offers unlimited design flexibility with full pattern repeat definition by the use of compact servomotor yarn control. Read more PYF Cobble Van de Wiele offers an unrivalled combination of machine features in the tufting market dedicated to the needs of the customer to tuft plain cut or loop carpets. Read more Applications Floor Tufted carpet in cruise ships, rugs with special shapes or wall-to-wall carpet in the entrance hall of a building or in your home, artificial grass and so on: for each Floor application... Read more Technical Textiles Artificial grass is immensely popular in sports and landscaping applications. Mostly Polyethylene (PE) is used for the pile yarn. Heavy yarn counts are possible up to 16.000 dtex... Read more Applications Activities Vandewiele Academy Downloads About us News Information Cobble Van de Wiele uses social media to share the latest global industry trends, encourage you to share your views and connect with like-minded  Careers   Contact us Cobble Van De Wiele Ltd Shorten Brook Way, Altham Business Park, Altham, Accrington, Lancashire, England, BB5 5YJ United Kingdom Tel: +44 (0)191 491 7200 Email: cobble@vandewiele.com © 2019 Cobble Footer Disclaimer Terms and conditions Contact [if lte IE 9]> <script src="/sites/default/files/js/js_VhqXmo4azheUjYC30rijnR_Dddo0WjWkF27k5gTL8S4.js"></script> <![endif] 