A&R Erectors | Full Service Industrial Contractor body start html embeds start body start html embeds end HOME ABOUT SERVICES CONTACT More (317) 271-3429 mwarrum@arerectors.com A&R ERECTORS REQUEST QUOTE EXPERIENCE THAT SHOWS Since 1991, A&R Erectors has been serving the needs of companies, both small and large, nationwide with quality machining, manufacturing, and fabrication services. We have a commitment to delivering high-end engineered metal products, with the ability to see a project through from start to finish. With years of experience, we have served industries ranging from recycling, auto manufacturing, warehousing, etc.  ​ What was once a 5,000 square foot facility with a single shear and break press and a few fork lifts, A&R Erectors has grown to a 14,000 square foot facility with 20+ employees, several forklifts with capacity ranging from 8,000 to 40,000 pounds, two double drop semis, cranes (telescopic and boom), and years of experiences that cannot be competed with. Our company and employees are committed to the success of your projects and our reputation of excellent customer service. OUR SERVICES We are your single source industrial contractor. Our commitment to quality, parts, and service makes us unique in the industrial contracting business. Our mission is to provide quality products, expert installations, and full turn-key projects in a timely, safe, and consistent manner.  Machinery Moving Engineering Services MORE INFO MORE INFO MORE INFO Mechanical Services MORE INFO Steel Fabrication Industrial Ductwork MORE INFO Contact us today for more details about our services. CONTACT US Material Handling MORE INFO 26 YEARS OF QUALITY EXPERIENCE Send WE WANT TO HEAR FROM YOU When you're in need of a dependable industrial contractor, don't hesitate. Call A&R Erectors today. ​ 1605 Country Club Rd Indianapolis, Indiana  46234 USA ​ contactus@arerectors.com (317) 271-3429 ©2016 A&R Erectors | Created by Lunar Creative Agency No Footer body end html embeds start body end html embeds end 