Extrusion blow moulding machines, injection blow moulding machines and stretch blow moulding machines Google Analytics start Google Analytics end English Italiano Français Español Home Company Machinery Extrusion Blow Moulding | EBM Injection Blow Moulding | IBM Stretch Blow Moulding | SBM Clients News & Events Contacts Home Company Machinery Extrusion Blow Moulding | EBM Injection Blow Moulding | IBM Stretch Blow Moulding | SBM Clients News & Events Contacts The Meccanoplastica Group EBM – IBM – SBM: the evolution of every species. Extrusion blow moulding machines – Injection blow moulding machines – Stretch blow moulding machines Things done properly take time. And more than that. They require knowledge, experience, willpower and plenty of passion. We have long pursued a passionate approach. Indeed, Meccanoplastica has been designing and making Extrusion Blow Machinery for plastic materials of the HIGHEST quality since 1983 . From a small firm of three founding members to a leading business on the Italian market and abroad, with offices in Florence (Italy) and Barcelona (Spain). We believe that the company’s strong suit was, and still is, its ability to work together with its clients and dynamically adapt to changing times and technology, as well as new market demand constantly coming in. This is proved by the fact that today we are the only company in Europe with the capacity and resources to design and manufacture Extrusion Blow Moulding (EBM), Injection-Blow Moulding (IBM) and PET preforms Stretch-Blow Moulding (SBM) machinery to meet the many needs of a growing and increasingly varied clientele. With clear benefits. We keep on evolving… OUR MACHINES This is proved by the fact that today we are the only company in Europe with the capacity and resources to design and manufacture Extrusion Blow Moulding ( EBM ), Injection-Blow Moulding ( IBM ) and PET preforms Stretch-Blow Moulding ( SBM ) machinery to meet the many needs of a growing and increasingly varied clientele. More info OUR TECHNOLOGY EBM Extrusion Blow Moulding IBM Injection Blow Moulding SBM Stretch Blow Moulding THE COMPANY Founded in the heart of Tuscany in 1983, we’ve grown together with our clients. We’ve been able to adapt and turn from a small firm of three founding members into a leading business on the Italian market and abroad, with offices in Florence (Italy) and Barcelona (Spain). Take a look at our history to understand who we are now More info NEWS & EVENTS With the launch on its new website, Meccanoplastica also started a blog and began to develop a strong presence on Twitter & LinkedIn. Keeping in step with times also in terms of corporate communication has now become fundamental for a company like us. This is why we want to share with you news about our initiatives and products, as well as our industry. Follow us to keep up with it. Our blog QUESTIONS? +39 055.898187 CONTACT US Copyright © 2017 Meccanoplastica | P.I. 03307270482 | Cap. soc. € 93.600,00 | N° Registro Imprese di Firenze (R.I.) 35876 | Privacy Policy | Powered by 4Ideas Utilizziamo i cookie per essere sicuri che tu possa avere la migliore esperienza sul nostro sito. Se decidi di continuare la navigazione consideriamo che accetti il loro uso. Ok Leggi di più 