SWANTEC - The Welding Simulation Software Company Forum Contact us Newsletter Support Login Ensure before welding TM MENU About us One Step Ahead Company profile Quality policy Publications Research projects News Seminar and conference Events Products SORPAS® Concept SORPAS® 2D.welding SORPAS® 2D.joining SORPAS® 3D.welding SORPAS® 3D.testing SORPAS® 2D3D.link Excel Batch Planning and Optimization SORPAS® Export functions Training Services Solutions Industry 4.0 and Welding Simulations Intelligent Weld Planning Process Optimization Excel Batch Planning and Optimization Production Maintenance Weldability of Materials Weld Quality Technology Resistance Welding Spot Welding Mechanical Joining Adhesive Bonding Hybrid Joining Numerical simulation ISO Standards Gallery Customers Distributors Integrating Simulation Technology from Design to Welding Production Read More our Products SORPAS® is a professional FEM/FEA software specially made for welding simulation and optimization of resistance welding and mechanical joining processes. It has been developed for engineers by engineers aiming to solve welding problems in industry. It can be quickly learned and easily used by engineers with practical knowledge and experiences in welding and joining. It doesn’t need prior knowledge of numerical simulation. The integration of engineering expertise with numerical modeling techniques has made SORPAS® a unique and powerful tool for engineers directly working in industry. Read more Our Products Towards Industry 4.0 for digitalization of welding SORPAS® has been continuously developed and improved for industrial applications. It is now widely used by leading manufacturing companies for applications of resistance welding and mechanical joining all over the world supporting technology innovation, research and development, evaluation of materials weldability and weld settings, welding process parameter optimization, process planning, product launching, production maintenance, weld quality improvements, and trouble shooting to solve welding problems. Read More Industries Technology…   Resistance welding, mechanical joining and adhesive bonding are three of the most productive and competitive joining technologies widely applied in manufacturing industry especially automotive, aerospace and electronics industries. Resistance welding is widely used for joining thin sheets such as in assembly of car body-in-white, and small parts such as electronic circuits and electrical connectors. Mechanical joining or riveting is widely used in assembly of airplanes and also in assembly of cars especially for joining aluminum sheets and dissimilar materials such as between metal and carbon fiber materials. Adhesive bonding is increasingly used in car body assembly to improve the global strength and stiffness of the car body-in-white and crash performance. These joining technologies are constantly being advanced with modern innovations and computer technologies… Resistance Welding Resistance welding includes spot welding, projection welding, seam welding, butt welding and micro resistance welding… Read More Mechanical Joining Mechanical joining includes clinching, riveting, clinch riveting, self-piercing riveting and other joining processes by forming… Read More Adhesive Bonding Adhesive bonding (also referred to as gluing) is to join materials by applying an intermediate layer of adhesives or glues… Read More Numerical Simulation Numerical simulation is a computer technology by using numerical modeling methods to imitate engineering processes… Read More SWANTEC Software and Engineering ApS Diplomvej 373 2800 Kgs. Lyngby Denmark +45 7567 8888 Newsletter sign up Privacy & Cookie Policy F.A.Q | Sitemap | Links ©1999-2019 SWANTEC. All rights reserved. This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Accept Reject Read More Privacy & Cookies Policy Necessary Always Enabled Non-necessary Non-necessary 