Textile Machinery Spares, Fabric Dyeing Machine, Dyeing Machine, Textile Dyeing Machine, Yarn Dyeing Machinery   Send Email Profile Products Contact Us Enquiry Company Profile The Texfab Group got started in 1992 with the incorporation of Texfab Engineers India Pvt. Ltd. By a group of professionals, experienced in manufacturing textile dyeing machines, fabric dyeing machine and stainless steel fabrication. Since then the company manufactured dyeing machines for all types of fibres, yarns and fabrics and have sold more than 550 machines . read more ... Quality Stress on quality has been the guiding principle of the company since it’s inception. read more ... Why Us? Turnover of over $50 million Selling more than 400 machines ISO 9001:2008 by ORION Registrar Inc. of USA. read more ... Call Us : 08048086501 Dye Springs Texfab is one of the few manufactuers & exporters of dyesprings in the world. Dyesprings are excellent yarn package centres for dyeing & bleaching. read more ... HTHP Vertical Dyeing Machines Texfab manufactuers full range of vertical dyeing machine of capacities up to 1000kgs per batch for all kinds of textile materials like cotton, polyster, wool, acrylic, nylon, viscose etc. read more ... HTHP Horizontal Tabular Dyeing Machines Texfab has designed & developed economical & eco friendly Horizontal tubular type dyeing machine for capacities from 20 kgs to 320kgs per batch ( up to 16 tubes) These machines do not require overhead hoist or working flatform. read more ... HTHP Pilot Dyeing Machines Texfab manufactures pilot dyeing machines for dyeing all kinds of fibres & yarns from 200 gms to 5kgs/batch. We custom design the machines to meet the varying demands of our clients. read more ... HTHP Beaker Dyeing Machine Texfab manufactures Glycerine bath beaker dyeing machine consisting of 12 Nos of beakers of capacity 250cc or 6 beakers of 500 CC each with pressure tight caps having Teflon gaskets. read more ... Beam Dyeing Machine In a radio frequency heating/drying system, the RF generator creates an alternating electric field between two electrodes. read more ... Pneumatic Press Texfab manufactures pneumatic press for pressing yarn cheeses on dyesprings. read more ... Hot Air Dryer Texfab Manufactures chamber type forced circulation Hot air dryer for dyed yarn packages from capacity 25 to 500 Kgs/batch. read more ... Centrifuge Hydro Extractor Get the best quality centrifuge hydro extractor from our house that have high rotating speed for quick hydro extraction. read more ... Yarn Conditioning Machine We offer high quality yarn conditioning machine at a reasonable price. Available with yarn carrying and yarn charging trolley. read more ... Radio Frequency Dryer In a radio frequency heating/drying system, the RF generator creates an alternating electric field between two electrodes. read more ... Profile  |  Products  |  Company Video  |  Contact Us  |  Enquiry Mobile Site © Tex-Fab Engineers India Private Limited . All Rights Reserved ( Terms of Use ) Developed and Managed by IndiaMART InterMESH Limited Last modified on 31/5/2008 at 7:59:46 by admin Thank you Your Enquiry has been sent successfully. Looking for Product Name ? <input name="S_email" type="hidden" id="S_email_footerprd" value=""> x Send SMS Enquiry Thank you Your Enquiry has been sent successfully. *Please Enter Requirment *Please Enter valid Mobile Number *Please Enter Proper Name *Please Enter Valid Mobile No 