Industrial Sewing Machine, Industrial Embroidery Machines JavaScript seem to be disabled in your browser. You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website. Compare (0) You have no items to compare. links My Account Log In Contact Us Welcome to Stocks.co.uk Stocks Sewing Machines 0113 242 9378 CONTACT US 0 item(s) You have no items in your shopping cart. Search: All Categories Durkopp Adler Industrial Sewing Strobel Industrial Sewing Complett Industrial Machinery for Knitting Industrial Sewing Machines - Strobel Industrial Sewing Machines - Complett Industrial Sewing Machines - Industrial Cutting Machines - Industrial Pressing Machines - Industrial Fusing Machine - Industrial Coverstitch and Chainstitch Sewing Machine - Industrial Flatbed Lockstitch Sewing Machine - Industrial Needle Feed Lockstitch Sewing Machine - Industrial Twin Needle Lockstitch Sewing Machine - Industrial Walking Foot Sewing Machine - Industrial Bartach Sewing Machine - Heavy Duty Walking Foot Sewing Machine - Industrial Zigzag Sewing Machine - Industrial Overlock Sewing Machine - Industrial Blindstitch Sewing Machine - Industrial Button and Buttonhole Sewing Machine - Industrial Carpet Overlocking Sewing Machine - Industrial Badge Overlocker Machine - Industrial Education Sewing Machinery ZSK Industrial Embroidery Brother Commercial Embroidery Wilcom Embroidery Software HoopMaster Magnetic Mighty Hoop Embroidery Supplies Used Machines Events Join the Team Home Durkopp Adler Industrial Sewing Strobel Industrial Sewing Complett Industrial Machinery for Knitting Industrial Sewing Machines Strobel Industrial Sewing Machines Complett Industrial Sewing Machines Industrial Cutting Machines Industrial Pressing Machines Industrial Fusing Machine Industrial Coverstitch and Chainstitch Sewing Machine Industrial Flatbed Lockstitch Sewing Machine Industrial Needle Feed Lockstitch Sewing Machine Industrial Twin Needle Lockstitch Sewing Machine Industrial Walking Foot Sewing Machine Industrial Bartach Sewing Machine Heavy Duty Walking Foot Sewing Machine Industrial Zigzag Sewing Machine Industrial Overlock Sewing Machine Industrial Blindstitch Sewing Machine Industrial Button and Buttonhole Sewing Machine Industrial Carpet Overlocking Sewing Machine Industrial Badge Overlocker Machine Industrial Education Sewing Machinery ZSK Industrial Embroidery Brother Commercial Embroidery Wilcom Embroidery Software HoopMaster Magnetic Mighty Hoop Embroidery Supplies Used Machines Events Join the Team Blog . Product was successfully added to your shopping cart. Go to cart page Continue CATEGORIES Home Durkopp Adler Industrial Sewing Strobel Industrial Sewing Complett Industrial Machinery for Knitting Industrial Sewing Machines Strobel Industrial Sewing Machines Complett Industrial Sewing Machines Industrial Cutting Machines Industrial Pressing Machines Industrial Fusing Machine Industrial Coverstitch and Chainstitch Sewing Machine Industrial Flatbed Lockstitch Sewing Machine Industrial Needle Feed Lockstitch Sewing Machine Industrial Twin Needle Lockstitch Sewing Machine Industrial Walking Foot Sewing Machine Industrial Bartach Sewing Machine Heavy Duty Walking Foot Sewing Machine Industrial Zigzag Sewing Machine Industrial Overlock Sewing Machine Industrial Blindstitch Sewing Machine Industrial Button and Buttonhole Sewing Machine Industrial Carpet Overlocking Sewing Machine Industrial Badge Overlocker Machine Industrial Education Sewing Machinery ZSK Industrial Embroidery Brother Commercial Embroidery Wilcom Embroidery Software HoopMaster Magnetic Mighty Hoop Embroidery Supplies Used Machines Events Join the Team Blog Home Durkopp Adler Industrial Sewing Strobel Industrial Sewing Complett Industrial Machinery for Knitting Industrial Sewing Machines Strobel Industrial Sewing Machines Complett Industrial Sewing Machines Industrial Cutting Machines Industrial Pressing Machines Industrial Fusing Machine Industrial Coverstitch and Chainstitch Sewing Machine Industrial Flatbed Lockstitch Sewing Machine Industrial Needle Feed Lockstitch Sewing Machine Industrial Twin Needle Lockstitch Sewing Machine Industrial Walking Foot Sewing Machine Industrial Bartach Sewing Machine Heavy Duty Walking Foot Sewing Machine Industrial Zigzag Sewing Machine Industrial Overlock Sewing Machine Industrial Blindstitch Sewing Machine Industrial Button and Buttonhole Sewing Machine Industrial Carpet Overlocking Sewing Machine Industrial Badge Overlocker Machine Industrial Education Sewing Machinery ZSK Industrial Embroidery Brother Commercial Embroidery Wilcom Embroidery Software HoopMaster Magnetic Mighty Hoop Embroidery Supplies Used Machines Events Join the Team Blog ZSK MULTIHEAD EMBROIDERY MACHINES As the Leading Supplier of the ZSK within UK and EUROPE we offer Price, Nationwide Service and Training second to none with Fantastic Leasing Packages helping start over 300+ Embroidery Businesses! NEW! ZSK Racer ZSK SPRINT 6 BROTHER PR655 & PR1050X BROTHER PR670E BROTHER PR1050X DURKOPP ADLER UK DISTRIBUTORS PRODUCTS APPLICATIONS       From the Blog 24 May Spotlight On: Brother PR670e The Brother PR670e is the most popular start up machine on the market today. It is the most versatile 6-needle embroidery machine for small business embroidery. Read more > 16 Apr What Can You Do with an Industrial Sewing Machine? An industrial sewing machine is, first and foremost, for sewing, but that’s not the limit to the fun that you can have. This guide will provide you with a few facts, as well as some tips and warnings that you might want to pass on to any novice sewist that you are currently training. Read more > 20 Feb Top 6 Embroidery Hacks A tailor’s job is never easy, but it’s usually rewarding. For those times when the thread catches, or the cat gets hold of your supplies, we’ve got the answer. In this blog we’ll be looking at how you can best augment your work and/or hobby with these nifty embroidery hacks. Read more > 04 Dec An Overview of the ZSK Event The ZSK Stickmaschinen Open House is a much-anticipated show for sewing and embroidery enthusiasts. It’s here that we get to see the latest in embroidery technology, and with this event occurring bi-annually, there’s always plenty to be excited about when the show finally returns. Read more > 04 Oct ZSK Open House Review Read our show review about the ZSK Open House Messe, including new technologies and machine launches! Read more > UK Leading Supplier of ZSK & Brother Embroidery Machines If you’re looking for a superior industrial sewing machine then you have come to the right place. Stocks Sewing Machines Ltd has been established since 1971. The company has grown over the years to become one of the UK’s leading suppliers of industrial embroidery machines and commercial embroidery equipment while always keeping the standards of a true family firm. With extensive experience within the sewing machine and textiles industry we only stock industrial embroidery machines of the highest quality from reputable manufacturers. Here at Stocks Sewing Machines Ltd we understand that you need excellent technology to create excellent products. Whether you’re just starting out in the world of commercial sewing or you’re a seasoned expert we are sure to have the industrial sewing machine to suit you and your business in our collection of products. As a leading provider of the industrial sewing machine in the UK you can be sure that you will receive the best customer service possible. There are many reasons why you should choose to purchase your industrial sewing machine from Stocks Sewing Machines Ltd including; We are agents for the prestigious Durkopp Adler Industrial Sewing Machines . We are the sole supplier of the fantastic ZSK Industrial Single and Multi-Head Embroidery Machines. We are a leading supplier of Brother embroidery machines in the UK, including the Brother PR655 & Brother PR1000e . So if you’re searching for an industrial sewing machine , or require further information about any of our products, please contact us today as our professional, friendly and exceptionally helpful team will be happy to answer any of your queries. You can count on Stocks Sewing machines Ltd to provide you with the all the essential product information that you need. TrustBox widget - Carousel Trustpilot End TrustBox widget Get In Touch... Quick Links About us Contact us My account Orders history Advanced search Join our Team Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Social Media Like Us On Facebook Follow Us On Twitter Follow us on Instagram Contact Information   Leeds Head Office & Showroom: 14 Croydon St, Leeds, West Yorkshire LS11 9RT   Scotland Unit: Stocks Sewing Machines Ltd, Unit 11, Block 2, Moss Road,Paisley, PA3 3HR   Phone: 0113 242 9378   Email: enquiries@stocks.co.uk   Opening Hours: Mon - Thu / 9:00AM - 5:00PM Fri / 9:00AM - 4:00PM Copyright © 2015 Stocks Sewing Machines. This website and its content is copyright of Stocks. All rights reserved. Any redistribution or reproduction of part or all of the contents in any form is prohibited. 