 Europlasma Menu Home About Mission Statement Europlasma's Investors Our Partners Applications PlasmaGuard® - Sporting Goods Nanofics® - Filtration Media Medical Automotive PCB Technology News & Media Media Press releases Europlasma TV Events Contact US Key Contacts Contact form Careers InstanceBeginEditable name="content" Events 2 6/9/2019 - 11/9/2019 IFA 2019 Berlin 16/10/2019 - 18/10/2019 EUHA 2019 News 2 1/7/2019 Europlasma welcomes Jody Paulus as new CEO 1/8/2018 Europlasma joins the Andlinger group Liquid protection for electronic devices used in an active lifestyle. Read more > Combine durable water repellency with outstanding breathability, flexibility and lightweight. Read more > Ultimate performance through ultra-thin functional coating. Read more > Ultimate performance through ultra-thin functional coating. Read more > Combine durable water repellency with outstanding breathability, flexibility and lightweight. Read more > Nanofics® - Filtration Media Read More > Nanofics® - Electronic Devices Read More > PlasmaGuard® - Sporting Goods Read More > Europlasma is a global technology leader in innovative nano-coating solutions based on low pressure plasma technology, for which it develops proprietary processes, designs and builds turnkey vacuum plasma treatment equipment and supplies process chemicals. With over 25 years of experience in plasma technology, Europlasma is assisting its clients in achieving the highest performance and protection for their products, with a production process that has the lowest environmental footprint. Europlasma has innovation at its core, having pioneered with the first roll-to-roll plasma machine in 1994 and the first industrial nano-coating machine in 1996. It has been at the forefront of plasma technology ever since, with its patented nanocoating technology platform Nanofics ® allowing OEM ‘s and manufacturers to apply liquid-repellent or other functional ultra-thin coatings on complex three dimensional shapes as well as textile rolls. Today, the Nanofics ® technology is increasingly used on an industrial scale across the world by renowned clients for protective coatings of electronic devices (such as mobile phones, tablets, Bluetooth speakers, headphones and other wearables) and electronic components (next to entire consumer products also individual components or PCB ‘s are treated),and  for functionalization of filtration media and medical plastics. In 2015 Europlasma also launched the PlasmaGuard ® nanocoating solutions for durable water repellent treatment of sporting goods. Europlasma is headquartered in Oudenaarde (Belgium) and has a subsidiary in Hong Kong. Customers are served locally with the support of a worldwide network of local agents and distributors, including testing facilities in Belgium, USA, China, and India. InstanceEndEditable Follow us :            Europlasma is growing! Join us - Open vacancies Europlasma NV   •   De Bruwaan 15   •   9700 Oudenaarde   •   Belgium   •   Tel +32(0) 55 30 32 05   •   Fax +32(0) 55 31 87 53   •   info@europlasma.be BTW BE0442377210   •   RPR Oudenaarde   •   Disclaimer   •   Privacy and Cookie Policy The creation of this site was achieved with the support of Flanders Investment & Trade. This contains the hidden content for inline calls Please subscribe to our newsletter. Email address (*) Subscribe You have been successfully added to our subscribers list. We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. This includes cookies from third-party websites of social media when you visit a page that contains embedded content from social media. Such third-party cookies may follow your use of this website. If you continue to use this website, we assume that you will receive all cookies on this website. However, you can change your cookie settings at any time by deleting your cookies for this domain. Ok, I accept cookies More about cookies InstanceBeginEditable name="Modals" InstanceEndEditable InstanceBeginEditable name="scripts" InstanceEndEditable 