Vetaphone – The leading supplier of Corona systems +45 76 300 333 Careers News & Events Contact Us Products Subitem Products Converting Narrow Web Extrusion Subitem Coating iPlasma Generators Web Cleaner Subitem Accessories Dyne Pens Ozone Eliminator Ozone Removal Our Offering Our Offering Corona Treatment iPlasma Treatment Product Support Knowledge Sharing Support Support Spare Parts & Returns Case Studies About About Us Why Choose Us? History Meet the Team Quality Policy FAQs Global Network Reliable and Efficient Products that Improve your business Explore our Products The Importance of Correct Surface Treatment Explore surface treatment Worldwide Coverage Local Support Find local agent Quality Assurance with ISO 9001 View our Quality Policy OPTIMAL ADHESION LOW COST OF OWNERSHIP NON-STOP PRODUCTIVITY LOCAL SUPPORT Why Vetaphone Vetaphone A/S was founded in 1951 by Verner Eisby, the inventor of Corona treatment. Technology & Expertise Cutting edge technology drawn from an unmatched history of pioneering surface treatment. Customer Driven Our business is driven by human relations; we are committed to solving your problems in partnership. Sales & Support Network Worldwide coverage – with 8 sales offices, more than 55 sales representatives and 10 support locations we are never far away, wherever you are located. Product Portfolio Solutions tailored precisely to your requirements; our products are designed to ensure top quality results in the packaging industry, with unique functionality and superior ease of use. Why choose us? Our offering We offer a unique knowledge of corona and plasma technology ensuring the perfect surface adhesion in the film and foil packaging industry. Corona Treatment Read More Plasma Treatment Read More Product Support Read More Knowledge Sharing Read More Discover our range Converting Converting View Products Narrow Web Narrow Web View Products Extrusion Extrusion View Products Coating Coating View Products iPlasma iPlasma View Products Generators Generators View Products Accessories Accessories View Products Web Cleaning Web Cleaning View Products Ozone Removal Ozone Removal View Products Ozone Eliminator Ozone Eliminator View Products See how we help businesses be more efficient using Corona Explore Case Studies Who we are Trusted global leader Vetaphone is renowned as an innovative supplier of Corona and Plasma surface treatment technology to the printing, converting, and extrusion industries. Since pioneering the Corona process in the 1950s our dedication to providing the right solution has turned the Vetaphone name into a trusted and well-respected brand around the world. Today we lead the way from our high-tech headquarters in Kolding, Denmark. Discover More Discover our News & Events 18.07.2019 Personal touch secures Alco order for Vetaphone When Puerto Rican converter Alco High-Tech Plastics needed a new Corona system. Find out more 16.07.2019 Karlville switches to Vetaphone Corona for its TL-800 Laminator Leading US converting technology manufacturer Karlville has decided to specify Vetaphone Corona. Find out more Local Representative Our global network Vetaphone can truly claim to be a global player with a local sales and support network that reaches all parts of the world and all sectors of the market. From our headquarters in Denmark we are represented in more than 60 countries throughout Europe, the Americas, Asia, Africa, Australia and Oceania. North America View Areas Central & South America View Areas Europe View Areas Africa View Areas Asia/Pacific/Middle East View Areas View Areas View our global network Get in touch Our support Find out more As the principal manufacturer of narrow web presses in the western world, and a global market leader in flexo technology, it is essential that ancillary technology fitted to Mark Andy presses meets our own critical standards of performance and reliability. The quality of Vetaphone design and engineering makes them our preferred supplier of corona equipment for all Mark Andy presses in Europe. Mark Andy / Mr Tom Cavalco, Managing Director We knew exactly what we needed – Vetaphone listened and responded in the same way that we do with our customers – and, they were the only manufacturer to offer a performance and dyne level guarantee on the material we use. That shows real confidence in your product. Speciality Printing / Mr Francis Poirer, Senior VP Operations Vetaphone are a key OEM supplier to AB Graphic, in the time that we have worked together their Corona treatment systems have been of a consistently high standard of quality. They have assisted us with good sales support, engineer training and technical back up providing an all-around service that surpasses our expectations. I am happy to say that to date Vetaphone has been one of our best suppliers and I look forward to a long and beneficial relationship.” AB Graphic International / Mr David Kirkham, Director As demand continues to evolve and new substrates enter the market, Vetaphone systems allow us to run many more types of films and meet our ever-growing customer needs. The fine control offered by Vetaphone Corona technology plays an important part in helping us deliver improved printing and coating quality, and stronger lamination strength, thus bolstering our position in demanding technologies such as automotive and conductive films markets. Transcontinental Advanced Coatings / Mr Georg Rose, Vice President, Global Sales & Marketing They deliver a better finished and press ready product than other suppliers. We chose to specify Vetaphone Corona Treaters on all Edale presses for a number of reasons. We have had a long standing relationship with Vetaphone and in this time have always received good support and had no problems with reliability of the units out in the field. Edale / Mr James Boughton, Managing Director We have very strict and demanding specifications that have been successfully achieved during our comprehensive tests. We are more than pleased to welcome on board the talented group of professionals from Vetaphone, with the latest state of the art technology products. COMEXI / Mr Carles Rodríguez, Brand Manager We operate 78 lines here on a 24/7 basis, so reliable technology is essential. Our experience with Vetaphone equipment has been outstanding. It is easy to use, robust, and excellent value for money. It also takes away one of the production variables. CEDO SP. Z O. O. / Mr Andrzej Majewski, Site Director We see Vetaphone as the market leader and re presently investigating ways to fully integrate its technology within our machine lines. This will save costly space on the production floor, and improve functionality for the operator. We would do this only with a supplier whose technology matches our own in terms of quality and reliability. Dae Kwang / Mr Tae Sik Bae, President Our business is very specialized, with customers placing high emphasis on quality and reliability, while at the same time looking for turnkey solutions. In these circumstances it is vital that the integrity of our sub suppliers’ technology matches that of our own products. In Vetaphone we have found an excellent synergy that dovetails with our own rigorous quality control. New Era Converting / Mr Bob Pasquale, President Get in touch Get in touch Name * Company Email * Phone Message I consent to my data being collected and stored as stated in the Privacy Policy * I consent to my data being collected and stored as stated in the Privacy Policy CAPTCHA This iframe contains the logic required to handle Ajax powered Gravity Forms. Members of Members of Quick Links Products Our Offering Case Studies Support About Us Global Network Useful Information Request a quote Order Spare Parts Contact Us Vetaphone A/S Fabriksvej 11, DK-6000 Kolding, Denmark +45 76 300 333 sales@vetaphone.com Follow us © 2019 Vetaphone A/S Privacy policy Contact us Payment Details Terms 