Paint Sprayers suppliers and Spray Guns Manufacturers in China - LIS Industrial Co ., Ltd.- Painting spray equipment, Automatic spray gun, HVLP spray gun, Pneumatic tools, Air spray tools. GO ... Brand and toggle get grouped for better mobile display Toggle navigation CN. Collect the nav links, forms, and other content for toggling Home About Us Company profile LIS Milestones LIS Culture What's New Honor Products Contact Us Download /.navbar-collapse /.container-fluid 代码 开始 代码 结束 famous international brands recognized as China Well-known Brand Ningbo Lis Industrial Co., Ltd., Ningbo Lis Industrial Co., Ltd., is engaged in the research, development, manufacturing and marketing of air painting spray gun series, mini air compressors, and relevant air tools. Aimed at customer satisfaction, Lis has been continuously providing various customers with total solutions for spraying products.  　　Situated in Ningbo, a harbor city with long history and developed economy, Lis Industrial is endowed with predominant economical and technical environment, and convenient transportation. -pop-up-box-- -//pop-up-box-- --//fea-video-- OUR Mission By continuous innovative design, high-quality products and services, creating utmost value to global customers in painting industry, the company aims at servicing the whole world and being a responsible enterprise to customers, employees, suppliers and the society. Our products have passed certificates of CE, GS, etc. Product quality is the key of gaining a larger share of the market. Lis has always been pursuing highest standards for product quality. Following the requirements of ISO9000 quality system and utilizing elaborate production process, Lis conduct stringent control of the whole quality system, from raw material and incoming inspection, in-process quality control, 100% functional test, to final quality inspection of the finished products. 28 2017-3 Ningbo Lis Industrial Co., Ltd., 28 2017-3 Ningbo Lis Industrial Co., Ltd., About Company profile LIS Milestones LIS Culture What's New Honor Products NEW PRODUCTS TOP quality HVLP  Spray Guns Heavy Duty  Spray Guns MORE++ Contact Contact us Feedback Download Copyright © 2017 Ningbo Lis Industrial Co., Ltd., By eyunwang 代码 开始 Ningbo Lis Industrial Co.,LTD. Ningbo Lis Industrial Co.,LTD. Ningbo Lis Industrial Co.,LTD. 代码 结束 