Dry Ice Blasting Machines and Equipment | ICEsonic Deutsch Español Hrvatski Home Products ICEsonic What is Dry Ice Blasting? About ICEsonic FAQ Blasting Applications Environmental Facts Contact Us Clean Faster With Dry Ice Blasting Reduce your cleaning time up to 90% Reduce your labor costs up to 80% Clean machines and electronics while operational Prevent surface damage with non-abrasive media Reduce or eliminate waste disposal costs & use of chemicals Contact us to find out more Contact Us SMART PRO The SMART PRO is a light duty dry ice blaster for typical applications using common size compressors. This dry ice blaster will surprise you with i... SMART HD The SMART HD is a medium duty dry ice cleaning machine that is made with a stainless steel construction with quality components for long-lasting op... SMART IND SMART IND is a heavy duty dry ice blaster capable of handling the most demanding surface preparation applications that require large compressed air... See All Products Our Customers Why Choose ICEsonic? Unmatched Quality Our number one goal is quality. We have dry ice blasting machines in operation for almost 20 years, and we are only getting better. Cost Effective We offer a wide range of products for every application at a price no one can match. Industry Leaders Over the 20 years we have become leaders in the dry ice blasting industry with a global network of suppliers. What is Dry Ice Blasting? Dry ice blasting is a form of cleaning where pellets of dry ice are propelled at extremely high speeds towards a contaminated surface. This is similar to sandblasting, plastic bead blasting, or soda blasting. The difference is that dry ice blasting does not create secondary waste or chemical residues, and is non-abrasive, non-conductive, non-flammable, and non-toxic. It reduces or eliminates employee exposure to chemicals, and is an environmentally friendly cleaning method that is approved by the FDA, EPA, and USDA. Dry ice blasting propels dry ice pellets at high speeds towards a contaminated surface, and upon impact, the pellets detach the contaminant from the surface, and rapidly change from solid to gas leaving nothing behind. Because of the rapid change, only a small amount of force is transferred to the surface, which leaves the surface with no abrasion. The dry ice pellets are very cold at −78 °C or −108 °F, and on impact causes thermal shock to the contaminant on the surface, which weakens the contaminant, and because the pellets of dry ice go through a rapid change from solid to gas, this causes microscopic shock waves to detach and remove the contaminant from the surface. This leaves you with a very clean, dry, and intact surface with no residue. This is truly cutting edge technology in the cleaning industry, and with ICEsonic you will get dry ice blasting products with 20 years of expertise behind them. We have developed a wide range of products from light duty work to heavy duty work, and an even wider range of accessories so that our customers can have exactly what they need to solve their cleaning problems. We will happily consult you on the best way to solve your problem. Dry Ice Blasting Applications Automotive Dry Ice Blasting Airlines / Aerospace Dry Ice Blasting Power Generator Dry Ice Blasting Electrical Equipment Dry Ice Blasting Food Processing Dry Ice Blasting Restoration Dry Ice Blasting Foundry Dry Ice Blasting Pharmaceutical Dry Ice Blasting General Maintenance Dry Ice Blasting Plastic Dry Ice Blasting Traffic Dry Ice Blasting Construction and Public Area Dry Ice Blasting Printing/Plating Dry Ice Blasting Get in touch with us Have a question or need help with dry ice blasting technology? Send us a message and we'll respond shortly. Contact Us Products Contact Us What is Dry Ice Blasting? About ICEsonic Blasting Applications FAQ YouTube Facebook LinkedIn Twitter ICEsonic © 2019 Cookies help us deliver our services. By using our services, you agree to our use of cookies. OK 