Industrial Chiller Rentals | Water & Air Cooled Chiller Rentals & Sales 952-929-1838 Close Home Company Chillers New Chillers Rental Chillers Remanufactured Chillers Chiller Applications Chiller Packages Cannabis & CBD Chillers (low temperature extraction chiller systems) Brewery Chillers Basics FAQS Advantage Financing Blog Reviews Contact Menu 952-929-1838 Commercial & Industrial Chiller Rentals ETL Listed & Inspected Manufacturer No Specialized or OEM Components Family Owned and Operated Since 1956 Commercial & Industrial Chiller Rentals ETL Listed & Inspected Manufacturer No Specialized or OEM Components Family Owned and Operated Since 1956 Commercial & Industrial Chiller Rentals ETL Listed & Inspected Manufacturer No Specialized or OEM Components Family Owned and Operated Since 1956 Commercial & Industrial Chiller Rentals ETL Listed & Inspected Manufacturer No Specialized or OEM Components Family Owned and Operated Since 1956 Commercial & Industrial Chiller Rentals ETL Listed & Inspected Manufacturer No Specialized or OEM Components Family Owned and Operated Since 1956 Request A Free Estimate We will be in contact with you in the near future. Submit Should be Empty: New Chillers Chiller Rentals Remanufactured Chillers Chiller Applications Cannabis & CBD Chillers Brewery Chillers Reliable Cooling Solution and Chiller Rentals/Sales We can solve all your chiller needs We offer light commercial and industrial package chillers for any and all type’s of application’s including chiller rentals for long term, temporary, emergency or research and development systems, as well as sale units. The chiller rental units are available from single week rentals to long term R&D applications. In the event we cannot provide a purchased chiller as quick as you may require it, we can provide a chiller rental system in its place in the meantime at a reduced rate till purchased system is in place. We have many water cooled and or Air cooled chiller packages for chiller sale in stock. Our chiller rentals and sales are excellent solutions for temporary air conditioning and humidity control, brewery chillers, oil extractions and purifying, bakery chillers, beef chillers, cannabis, hemp extraction and CBD chillers, dairy farm chillers, medical chillers, poultry chillers, air cooled chillers, distillation chillers, water cooled chillers, and dewaxing chillers.   The JCY advantage ETL – UL 1995 listed equipment (indoor/outdoor locations) Available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week No specialized or OEM components Each unit is custom to individual customer and application Industrial design and construction Unit operation and maintenance is very user friendly All components available at the wholesale level No microprocessors, transducers, or hermetic controls utilized Total outdoor packages available Designed for dependable, reliable service Family owned and operated since 1956 JC Younger Company has a 40,000 square foot facility located in Minneapolis, Minnesota. We sell industrial and commercial chillers nationwide. We also provide chiller rental options as well as remanufactured chillers. We have an extensive rental chiller selection ready to ship anywhere in the USA. Latest News Testimonials Social Media 07.18.2019 What Is The Difference Between AHU And FCU? The world of commercial and industrial chillers is full of parts and devices, and it is always helpful to know what they are. Here at J.C Younger,... Read more 07.12.2019 Chiller Lifespans: Type and Preventive Maintenance are Key Factors Chiller Types and Expected Lifespans An excellent guide for the different chiller types and their recommended applications is found on The Engineering Mindset.com. As the article points out,... Read more 06.28.2019 Absorption Chillers: An Integral Part of “District Cooling” What is District Cooling? It’s a worldwide goal to find more efficient and environmental-friendly solutions to using energy for cooling and heating as through district energy systems (DES). District... Read more After dealing with other companies online, I had the pleasure of working with Sandy. He was very hands on and made sure to get me set up with the appropriate chiller for my needs. It's so nice to have somebody so knowledgable take the time to help me get my brewery up and running. I would suggest anyone getting started in the industry give him a call before buying equipment. David Simons Sandy hooked up my 1959 Divco show truck with the refrigeration. It's not a normal or standard job so It's not a job for just anyone. Sandy's went above and beyond to make it work. When I had questions Sandy answered my calls to walk through things no matter what day of the week it was. Matt Kenevan Working with Sandy and the JC Younger crew has been nothing but positive. They worked with us through our start up, stored our chiller when we weren't ready to take it, and most importantly the chiller has been running great! I am very happy to have Sandy and crew as our beer chilling partners, and happy to support an American made product. Cheers! Clint MacFarlane JCY is a small family run business that stands by their work. They are affordable, while providing top quality chillers and support. I've used two chillers by them and both were awesome. The current chiller is a tank and seems indestructible. We definitely plan on buying another one when our business expands. Bob Roepke Can't say enough about the JCY crew! Great service, affordable product, and high quality. We need more small family business like these in America! Evan Weinberg Address: 5626 West Lake Street, Saint Louis Park, MN 55416 Telephone: 952-929-1838 JC Younger Company is ETL listed and inspected manufacturer. We are a family owned and operated business since 1956. We are based out of Minneapolis, MN USA Made. We strive to set ourselves apart from other chiller companies, by using high morals and work ethic, being personal, and upfront about all costs. © Copyright 2019 JCY Younger Company Company Mankato Web Design This site is optimized with Phil Singleton's WP SEO Structured Data Plugin v2.5.6 - https://kcseopro.com/wordpress-seo-structured-data-schema-plugin/ / WP SEO Structured Data Plugin. <script type="text/javascript" src="//code.jquery.com/jquery-migrate-1.2.1.min.js"></script> 