Ramsay | Production Engineers | Manufacturing Excellence Solutions Google Analytics start Google Analytics end Home About Customers & Partners products Innovation Timeline Careers Contact Home About Customers & Partners products Innovation Timeline Careers Contact START REVOLUTION SLIDER 5.4.8 fullscreen mode SLIDE MAIN IMAGE LAYERS LAYER NR. 1 LAYER NR. 2 Manufacturing Excellence Solutions. LAYER NR. 3 Innovation is our standard SLIDE MAIN IMAGE LAYERS LAYER NR. 4 LAYER NR. 5 Manufacturing Excellence Solutions. LAYER NR. 6 Innovation is our standard LAYER NR. 7 END REVOLUTION SLIDER Client-focused manufacturing specialists Commitment and versatility, from design to delivery Ramsay is a 3rd generation family business built on providing competitive manufacturing solutions to major OEM’s and Tier 1 component suppliers within the South African automotive industry and Export markets for almost 50 Years. 5 Manufacturing Locations 1000000 Automotive Components per month 540 Team Members Our capabilities as designers, engineers, product developers and assemblers of complex, multi-material parts set us apart. At our production facilities in Pietermaritzburg, KwaZulu-Natal and Rosslyn, Gauteng, South Africa, we produce a diverse range of components using a wide variety of manufacturing technologies. Our capabilities as designers, engineers, product developers and assemblers of complex, multi-material parts set us apart. At our production facilities in Pietermaritzburg, KwaZulu-Natal and Rosslyn, Gauteng, South Africa, we produce a diverse range of components using a wide variety of manufacturing technologies. OEM Customers Supplying some of the top automotive companies in the world demands world class standards and focus on continued competitiveness. OEM Customers Supplying some of the top automotive companies in the world demands world class standards and focus on continued competitiveness. Tier 1 Customers Helping our local and multi-national Tier 1 component makers support the needs of their own OEM customers. Tier 1 Customers Helping our local and multi-national Tier 1 component makers support the needs of their own OEM customers. Partners Global partnerships in a global industry. Partners Global partnerships in a global industry. Products With metal stamping and welding at our core, Ramsay incorporates a wide variety of manufacturing technologies to suit customer and product needs. Within our divisions we offer polymer injection moulding, metal machining, forging, tube-bending, leatherette stitching and various surface treatment processes (zinc plating, e-coating, powder coating, wet spray painting) as well as many highly automated assembly processes. Products With metal stamping and welding at our core, Ramsay incorporates a wide variety of manufacturing technologies to suit customer and product needs. Within our divisions we offer polymer injection moulding, metal machining, forging, tube-bending, leatherette stitching and various surface treatment processes (zinc plating, e-coating, powder coating, wet spray painting) as well as many highly automated assembly processes. Innovation Ramsay has a highly skilled team of designers and engineers involved with the development of products as well as custom manufacturing processes. Using technology such as in-house 3D printing we are able to react quickly to emerging customer needs and feedback in the design process in order to reduce time to market and development costs. Excellence takes time 1960 1960 1970 1970 1970 1980 1986 2002 2004 2006 2009 2010 2010 2010 2015 2015 Small sole proprietor General Engineering works operated by WG Ramsay Ramsay manufactured & supplied Landrover shafts to Leyland Ramsay acquired by Nick Beaumont & Roy Anderson Malcolm Anderson, Roy’s grandson, joins as 5th employee Contract signed to supply parts to Motor Assemblies Ltd. (today Toyota SA.) Relocated from Wiganthorpe Road to Lincoln Road Set up Aquabuoy Assemblies, manufacturing an innovative inflatable lifesaving device New factory at 31 Lincoln Road established Acquired state-of-the-art toolroom assets from Germany Established Towbar JV with Brink Towing Systems Acquired Minster Presses and Ecoat Plant Set up of eCoat facility at Oldfield Road Mkondeni Ford and BMW contracts secured Established new facility at Rosslyn, Gauteng Capital Investment for New Toyota Hilux Project Setup of Press Plant at Birmingham Road Careers Central to our manufacturing excellence strategy is the development of a highly skilled and motivated team. Developing talent from within as well as attracting high potential candidates to our organisation is essential to this objective. Copyright © Ramsay Engineering 2019. Website by Temple | Wisdom Online . PHONE +27 (0) 33-3871575 EMAIL sales@ramsay.co.za Address View in Maps 