Made to measure gear cutting tools from Dathan Tool & Gauge News Contact Us dathan menu Products Services Sectors Design Consultation Why Dathan? News Contact Us call place Call ++44 (0) 1484 851207 ENQUIRE NOW modules-start Over 90 years at the cutting edge Gear cutting tools that keep the world turning. FIND OUT MORE 10 times faster than gear shaping & better quality finish. Find out how Power Skiving can save you money and time. FIND OUT MORE Get the best from your gear cutting tools. Over a lifetime. Together, we can get the best from your processes. FIND OUT MORE Dathan Tool & Gauge is an internationally renowned manufacturer of bespoke, made to measure gear cutting tools supplying to any company with this requirement, but predominantly the automotive, aerospace and oil industries. Some of our key clients are located in Scandinavia, Europe, Asia, North & South America. PRODUCTS We supply a wide variety of cutting tools from rack and bevel to disc and shank type cutters to produce helical and spur gear, splines and serrations. We are able to design and manufacture any size of tool and are constantly pushing the boundaries of what can be achieved. VIEW PRODUCT RANGE POWER SKIVING 10 times faster than gear shaping, with better quality finish. Find out how Power Skiving can save you money and time. FIND OUT MORE About Us Dathan Tool & Gauge Co. Ltd is an internationally renowned manufacturer of bespoke and standard gear cutting tools for industries including automotive, aerospace, oil and gas and power generation. Find out more Latest News 5th April 2019 Dathan to exhibit at International Machine Tool Show 11th April 2017 Dathan attend exhibitions in Beijing & Germany 15th March 2017 Bespoke CNC machine commissioned by Dathan View All News Any questions? If you have any questions regarding our products and services please use the form below and one of our representatives will be in touch shortly. Confirm* Name* Email* Message* Send enquiry modules-end dathan Dathan Tool & Gauge Co. Ltd Mean Lane, Meltham, Holmfirth. England. HD9 5RU Tel: +44(0) 1484 851207  Copyright © 2019 Dathan Tool & Gauge Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. Terms Privacy Policy Site by Applied loop CONTENT loop clear CONTENT 