Asieur Textile - Textile Spare Parts - Use Textile Machinery Skip to content standard logo mobile logo sticky header logo Home About Us Textile Spare Parts Electronic Spare Parts Sulzer Textile Parts Saurer Textile Parts Used Textile Machinery Contact Us Search for: Search for: START AsieurSlider00001 REVOLUTION SLIDER 6.0.2 END REVOLUTION SLIDER Home 2019-01-02T12:55:33+01:00 Welcome to Asieur Textile European manufacturer of textile parts and supplier of used textile machinery. For over 30 years, Asieur Textile continues leading the way in the manufacturer of textile spare parts for rapier, airjet, waterjet and projectile weaving machines. Textile spare parts are available for Picanol, Sulzer, Somet, Dornier, Tsudakoma, Vamatex, Saurer, Nuovo Pignone, Toyota, Nissan and Stäubli. We also manufacture an extensive range of spinning machine spare parts for Schlafhorst, Rieter and Elitex. Quality Textile Spare Parts Our passion for quality, inherited from long industrial experience, is the fundamental driving force of our development. We not only present our customers with the absolute best textile products and service, but we listen to them, respond quickly to their current needs, anticipate future needs and pledge to provide the highest quality at a fair price. Latest Used Textile Machinery Sulzer P7100 D1 Projectile Weaving Machines Read More Staubli and Bonas Electronic Jacquard Heads Read More Sulzer P7100 Projectile Weaving Loom Read More Toyoda Sulzer P7100 and PU Looms Read More NSC PB 32 Comber For Sale Read More View Full List Of Machinery Newsletter Receive monthly updates about Asieur products & services, please enter your email address. × Find Us On Facebook Join over 1,500 customers and like Asieur on Facebook for product updates. fusion-row #main Copyright © 2018 Asieur International Ltd | All Rights Reserved | Privacy Policy and Cookies fusion-fusion-copyright-content fusion-row #footer fusion-footer wrapper Cookies help us deliver a better experience. By using this site, you agree to our use of cookies. Ok Google Tag Manager (noscript) End Google Tag Manager (noscript) 