Hydraulic Press - Hydraulic Press Manufacturers and Hydraulic Press Exporter Send Email ISO 9001:2015 Certified Organisation Español Français Deutsch Italiano Português "Ready in Stock" Machines Share:    About Us Products Why Choose Santec Infrastructure F.A.Q. Industries We Serve Info Center Career Media Gallery Contact Us Enquiry Form Site Map 100% Export Oriented Unit Santec is a government recognised EOU having a network of sales and after sales services in more than 35 countries... Why Santec is a truly global organisation ? Global presence in more than 35      countries across the globe. ISO 9001- 2008 certified      organisation by UKAS, U.K. Worldclass infrastructure with      modern facilities. Professional sales & service staff      for fast, friendly & prompt services. Innovative designs, automations      with latest techniques & heavy duty      performance of all machines. Ergonomically designed with      greater aesthetics. - get expert guidance - get expert guidance Client Testimonials We don't make big claims about our quality, it is actually the testimony of our clients, which aptly reflects our commitment towards the quality of our products and services. Winner of “ International Trophy for Quality ” Award from France for the year 2002 "Ready in Stock" Machines Our Products Hydraulic Presses Low maintenance and precision machined for optimum performance. click to read more ... Compression Molding Presses High in performance and easy to operate, these press are available with additional safety features. click to read more ... Deep Drawing Presses We offer heavy duty, ergonomically designed deep drawing machines for lasting performance. click to read more ... Large Platens Hydraulic Presses We offer large platen hydraulic press, which are designed for peak performance.. click to read more ... Transfer & Injection Molding Presses We offer latest models of injection moulding machines at the most competitive rates. click to read more ... Vacuum Moulding Presses We offer superior quality vacuum moulding presses for Rubber, Silicone & Composite materials. click to read more ... Rubber Machinery Avail a comprehensive range of rubber machinery for diverse applications click to read more ... Hydraulic Cylinders/Jacks Stable and robust, our hydraulic cylinders and jacks are recognised for quality, reliability & performance. click to read more ... SMC Moulding Presses We offer the best in class SMC moulding press, which are designed to cater to diverse industrial needs. click to read more ... Hydraulic Press Brakes We offer easy to operate, hydraulic press brakes that are at par with international quality. click to read more ... Hydraulic Shearing Machines Avail highly reliable shearing machines designed for optimum operational. click to read more ... Hydraulic Straightening Press Technologically superior, compact in size and classic designing, these are some of the features of our range of hydraulic straightening presses. click to read more ... Metal Bandsaw Machines Horizontal metal cutting bandsaw achines Cobra CHB 250 S is horizontal bandsaw machine made for metal industry professionals. click to read more ... Laboratory 2 Roll Mixing Mills Extensively used for R and D of various products, this complete range requires low maintenance and minimal floor space. click to read more ... Scrap Balers / Scrap Baling Presses Exclusively designed for processing plastic, ferrous or non-ferrous scrap in all forms. click to read more ... Flap Moulding Presses Heavy-duty Moulding Presses are engineered to provide enhanced productivity with precision. click to read more ... About Us | Why Choose Santec | Infrastructure | F.A.Q. | Industries We Serve | Info Center | Career | Media Gallery | Contact Us | Enquiry Form | Site Map © Santec Exim Pvt Ltd. All Rights Reserved ( Terms of Use ) Developed and Managed by IndiaMART InterMESH Limited Mobile Site Thank you Your Enquiry has been sent successfully. Looking for Product Name ? <input name="S_email" type="hidden" id="S_email_footerprd" value=""> x Send SMS Enquiry Thank you Your Enquiry has been sent successfully. *Please Enter Requirment *Please Enter valid Mobile Number *Please Enter Proper Name *Please Enter Valid Mobile No 