Spot Welder Repair | Resistance Welding Supplies | Spot Welder Wisconsin | Welding Controls Milwaukee Home Used Machines Electrodes Cables Controls Chillers Special Machines   Links       Spot Welders  Used Welding Equipment Electrodes Entron Welding Controls Dynaflux Cooling Systems The Kranitz Corporation   11027 N Industrial Dr Mequon, WI 53092 262-242-4410 Fax: 262-242-4411 Map to our Location   THE KRANITZ CORPORATION Spot Welders, Spot Welder Repair, Resistance Welding Supplies The Kranitz Corporation offers new and used spot welders, welding controls, electrodes, spare welding parts, and welding fixtures. We are the leaders in the refurbishing of your spot welding equipment and updating your welding controls. When you send in your spot welder, we do the following: disassemble the machine clean and paint the frame and castings silverplate all electrical connections replace all worn airline components replace all air and water hoses install and test the control of your choice reassemble and test the machine We carry a selection of new welding equipment and can supply you with spot, spot/projection, buttwelders, hanging guns, and rocker arms.  We stock an Entron control in our shop ensure we get your machine up and running quickly.  We can also install, on our floor, welding controls from major manufacturers such as Entron, Medar, Robotron, Unitrol, and WTC.   We have in stock a large number of spare parts (electrodes, shunts, transformers, welding cables, valves, and airline components).  We also have loaner boards, panels and parts for controls, including some older Square D and Peer.          We handle Mallory, Tuffaloy, and Pacific electrodes in any quantity needed. Typical delivery is within a few days. Special electrodes that we build or order take a little longer. For prices or to place an order just email or give us a call.  We are able to take either VISA or Mastercard. Another area we are renown for is our special machinery. We can design and fabricate welding equipment to simplify your welding applications. We have supplied A-frame style, pass through,  multi-gun, and turntable machines.  These can be either manually operated or computer controlled.   We also buy and sell used welding equipment. We offer machines that we have remanufactured and are in excellent condition. New or used controls can be installed on these machines to provide you with a low cost alternative to the price of a new machine.   info@kranitzcorporation.com Copyright © 2004, The Kranitz Corporation.  All rights reserved. Privacy Statement 