 Metal Forming Perfection Aviso cookies X This site uses third parties to own and optimize your navigation and perform analytical work cookies. If you continue browsing, consider that you accept its use. You can learn more at our Cookie Policy . /Aviso cookies Google Tag Manager End Google Tag Manager United States España France Deutschland Brazil 中國 Россия México United Kingdom India WebMap Contenedor Acceder al menú Acceder al submenú Acceder al contenido Cabecera redes sociales /redes sociales <label for="txtBuscar">Buscador</label> Presentation Products Commercial Network Highlights Downloads Contact Us After Sales Service Job Opportunities /Cabecera Imagen Principal 1 2 /Imagen Principal contenido Stamping System and Presses Cutting Lines and Processing Systems Processing Lines Lines and Equipment for Processing Metal Parts Dies Forging Systems Roll Forming Articles 2016-2 Ecopicklean 2016-2 Stacking 4.0 Innovating towards maximum efficiency 2016-2 Green Press Technology 2016-2 Die spotting presses with 180° tilting slide contenido texto Menu migas /Menu migas Fagor Arrasate <ul id="ctl00_ContentPlaceHolder1_ulCatalogo" class="catalogo"> </ul> NEW INTELLIGENT STAMPING SYSTEMS, FAGOR ARRASATE'S BET FOR THE METALFORM CHINA FAIR -400 exhibitors are participating in the largest Chinese trade fair in the sector, July 17 to 20 -Solutions for Industry 4.0 will be the main players at the company's stand -China is the world's largest producer of vehicles, 28 million in 2018 FAGOR ARRASATE WILL PRESENT ITS LATEST DEVELOPMENTS IN LEVELLING, CUTTING AND STACKING ALUMINIUM AT THE ALUMINIUM CHINA TRADE FAIR - Aluminium China will see 600 different exhibitors brought together between the 10th and 12th of July - At stand 1J05/Hall W1 you will be able to see some of the latest equipment for aluminium - The technology and experience position Fagor Arrasate as one of the international benchmarks in aluminium processing Access to more news ACCE 2018 Fagor Arrasate is participating in the SPE ACCE, the largest world automotive composites fair BIEMH 2018 STEP INTO THE TOTAL DIMENSION Access to more events Newsletter Welcome to Fagor Arrasate Web site. FAGOR ARRASATE is a world specialists in design, manufacture and supply of forming machine tools, from presses and complete stamping systems to lines for manufacturing, processing and cutting sheet metal or special complete lines for manufacturing complex sheet metal parts. With six plants worldwide, the company has a global market presence and sells its products to seventy different countries. Founded in 1957, it is now the industry leader number of lines installed, prestige of its references, technology, quality, research and development. Practically, all the world’s top automotive makers, stampers, manufacturers and processors of coils and blanks in steel or aluminium, home appliances, metallic furniture, forged parts or electric rolled steel have FAGOR installations. We offer a wide range of solutions for stamping and forming as well as cutting, processing and manufacturing sheet metal. Fagor Arrasate is the Company – worldwide- with the broadest in-house portfolio of products aimed at manufacturing sheet metal. This guarantees a perfect solution, better integrated and coordinated, more efficient and highly competitive. Through different options of the main menu you can access, you can learn all the details about our Company and the solutions we provide to our Customers and industry itself. Please, don’t hesitate in contacting directly our specialists who will propose excellent, personalized and optimized ideas to your particular production.   contenido texto Pie © Fagor Arrasate 2019 Legal Warning Cookie Policy /Pie contenido /Contenedor Errores 