Home EQUIPMENT CO. INC. (281) 458-8891 Home About Manipulators Positioners Custom Built Positioners 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 5 Previous ◁ | ▷ Next Manipulators 1 | 2 Previous ◁ | ▷ Next Rollers 1 | 2 Previous ◁ | ▷ Next begin nostyle We specialize in designing and building begin nostyle content Custom Built Production Assemblies such as: Skid Mounted thru hole positioners with Sidebeam Carriage for drillstem work, Drilling Bit manufacture,ect. Also semi-automated fitup lines with Headstocks and Power Turning Rolls with hydraulic-actuated movement of wheel for fitup of pipe and Variable Speed rotation for Welding. If you have a custom application, we will be happy to design and build a production solution for you. Examples and references available. end nostyle content end nostyle begin nostyle begin nostyle content JoomlaWorks "Frontpage Slideshow" (v3.8.0) starts here Boom System Custom Boom By Super User Built and Delivered Custom Boom System More... Compressor Unit Innovative Technology By Super User Custom Designed and Built Copressor More... Skid Unit Custom Skid Unit By Super User Custom Built offshore skid unit More...   Boom System Custom Boom     Compressor Unit Innovative Technology     Skid Unit Custom Skid Unit   JoomlaWorks "Frontpage Slideshow" (v3.8.0) ends here end nostyle content end nostyle Letter from the Pesident Bowers Equipment Company is dedicated to producing quality products for the welding, fabricating and manufacturing industries.  We take pride in providing quality machinery, equipment and products that are priced competitively.  While we understand that price is important, providing quality machinery is foremost in everything we manufacture. Our aim is to provide, to our valued customer, equipment that helps you and your company manufacture products with improved production rates, thereby increasing your profit structure. Working through reputable distributors to provide sales and technical support gives you immediate response to your needs; for parts, repairs, service and information. To our Customers:   We thank you for your past confidence in our products and services, and look forward to serving you in the future. To our New Customers:  We welcome the opportunity to quote your requirements and will provide to you the same courteous and timely service and support that has always been part of our company. Copyright © 2017. All Rights Reserved. 