CNC Router | Router Machine | CNC Router Machine Request a quote Download brochures Subscribe to Newsletter Find your local AXYZ Parts, Tooling and Consumables Choose Site UK and Europe North America Latin America India Poland AXYZ Locations Events 800.361.3408 About AXYZ Applications CNC Router Options Service Videos Resources Shop Contact Close All CNC Routers Infinite Pacer Trident PANELBuilder Z Series Demo & Used Machine A2MC Machine Upgrades About AXYZ Applications CNC Router Options Service Videos Resources Shop Contact Request a quote Download brochures Subscribe to Newsletter Find your local AXYZ Parts, Tooling and Consumables Locations UK and Europe North America Latin America India Poland All CNC Routers Infinite Pacer Trident PANELBuilder Z Series Demo & Used Machine A2MC Machine Upgrades VIDEO SHOWCASE – MACHINING ALUMINUM WITH THE AXYZ PACER CNC ROUTER LEGEND RUBBER POWERED BY WATERJETS & ROUTERS SIGN EXPO CANADA The International Centre Mississauga, ON   September 20 – 21, 2019 Booth # 257 METALCON 2019 David L. Lawrence Convention Center Pittsburgh, PA October 16-18, 2019 UPCOMING EVENTS   Sign Expo –  Mississauga, ON   Metalcon –  Pittsburgh, PA   Printed United/SGIA –  Dallas, TX     AXYZ AXYZ is a leading global manufacturer of CNC router machines and knife systems. Designed and built at our state-of-the-art factory in Burlington, Ontario, Canada, AXYZ CNC routers are supplied and supported through a global network of sales and support offices and authorized dealers. With more than 366,918 standard machine configurations and over 25 years experience, AXYZ specializes in matching machinery to customer’s unique needs and budgets. Our solutions are suitable for a variety of industries, including Aluminum and Metal Cladding , Signmaking , Graphics & Print Finishing , Cabinetry , General Woodworking , Plastic Fabrication , Metal Fabrication , Foam Packaging , Point of Purchase , Solid Surface and many more.   Explore AXYZ CNCShop Selecting the right tooling for your CNC router machine is just as important as choosing the right equipment in the first place. The quality of finished cut and appearance of your completed products are totally dependent on selecting the correct CNC machine tools for the job. We have been supplying the highest quality router bits, tooling and accessories for more than 15 years and pride ourselves on the quality of service we provide. Selecting the right tooling is not always easy but our friendly and professional technicians are available to help and provide advice on a wide range of different CNC machining applications.   Shop Now PACER The Pacer Series is a heavy-duty CNC router with precision drives ideal for premium manufacturers looking for accuracy, reliability and high-quality machining. It offers robust construction and high standard specification normally found only on more expensive machines. A range of productivity options make the Pacer Series suitable for volume production as well as small batch manufacture. The Pacer Series is a perfect choice for plastic or aluminum fabricators. Discover PACER Compare this model TRIDENT Trident is the most versatile router-knife hybrid in the industry. From routing aluminum and acrylic to cutting and trimming foamboard, vinyl, styrene and rubber, the Trident triple-tool head can handle them all. For high-speed processing with multiple tool types, the Trident is ideal for all types of print finishing, signs and graphics, point-of-purchase and foam processing applications. Discover TRIDENT Compare this model Infinite Continuing the legacy of AXYZ Automation CNC routers, the Infinite Series incorporates the reliability, robustness and cutting edge technology that has always been a major part of AXYZ products. The Infinite introduces a new generation of CNC routers built for today’s consumer demands. Discover Infinite Compare this model PANELBuilder The new PANELBuilder is the most widely used panel-fabrication system in the world. It is a comprehensive programming and manufacturing system specially developed for aluminum and metal composite panel fabricators. Its powerful software system copes effortlessly with projects containing hundreds or thousands of panels and the custom CNC router is designed for high-speed processing without sacrificing quality or accuracy. Discover PANELBuilder Compare this model Z Series An ideal entry-level CNC router for first-time users and small shops, the AXYZ Z Series CNC router offers the same robust construction as AXYZ Series machines and at a lower cost. Available with process areas to suit the most popular sheet sizes and with a choice of tooling and cutting accessories, the Z Series offers remarkable performance in a wide variety of application areas. Discover Z Series Compare this model Find out more Blog Brochures Latest Events iBook Newsletter Testimonials Videos CUSTOMER TESTIMONIALS Purchasing a new CNC router? Explore our customers' experiences to help you make an informed decision about which AXYZ CNC router is right for your business. × LATEST VIDEOS The AXYZ CNC router video gallery illustrates all things CNC, including how-to videos and product demonstrations for all industries and applications. DOWNLOAD OUR IBOOK Discover everything you need to know about AXYZ and our extensive range of CNC Router Systems, all in a handy interactive format. About Us About Us Accessibility Careers Financing Privacy Policy CNC Routers Overview Pacer Trident Z Series Demo & Used Machine CNC Waterjets Resources Blog Brochures Customer Testimonials Events IBook Videos Whitepaper Contact Us AXYZ Automation Inc. 5330 South Service Road Burlington, Ontario L7L 5L1 Canada Tell: +1 800 361 3408 Email: enquiries@axyz.com © AXYZ Automation Group 2019 | For clarity, images and videos may not show all safety devices, material clamping or dust extraction systems. 