I Machine Group embroidery machines and direct to garment printers Imachinegroup, buy/sell used embroidery machines, new embroidery machines, direct to garment printers, embroidery & embroidery digitizing services, direct to garment printing services. Home Products Supplies Online Start Your Own Business Customer Comments Support Contact [if !IE]> <![endif] Content on this page requires a newer version of Adobe Flash Player. [if !IE]> <![endif]   As Always. When you purchase a machine from Imachinegroup you receive only the best value Unlimited Free Training Unlimited Free Labor * Unlimited Free Phone Support       New Embroidery Machines Starting at $7995 Used Embroidery Machines Starting at $3995 Used Direct To Garment Printers Starting at $5995   Imachinegroup is a West Coast repair facility for Toyota, Melco, SWF, Happy and Janome commercial embroidery machines   Embroidery adds class and elegance to any garment. Combine the digital printing and embroidery and you have a unique combination that few can match. Embroidery machines and software are now easier than ever to operate, and these Japanese machines will run for decades.     Sell Your DTG Printer here Sell your Embroidery machine here   Unlimited Free Training Unlimited Free Labor * Unlimited Free Phone Support Order DTG Parts Here Order all DTG Supplies here Order DTG Service here Coming Soon! Genuine Epson parts and aftermarket parts for your DTG Order all DTG Supplies here All Direct to Garment Supplies , on sale. Up to 20% OFF! Order on-site service or schedule a drop-off of your machine. D irect To Garment Printing Now is the time to invest in this great new technology. Direct To Garment printers take all of the tedious and time consuming work out of regular Screen Printing, Heat Transfers, or Sublimation. Because you print directly onto the garment, there are no screens to make, no heat transfers or sublimation transfers to line up and heat press. The prices have come down, the technology is proven and now we have higher production models that come close to Screen Printing speeds. Be the first in your city or state to offer this great new t-jet printer ! This Direct To Garment Printer will print beautiful photographic quality prints directly on your light or dark tee-shirt right from your computer. Join Our Mailing List! Check out what we have for sale on ebay BEGIN: Constant Contact Square Email List Button Join Our Mailing List for Machine and Supply Specials » JOIN NOW END: Constant Contact Square Email List Button BEGIN: SafeSubscribe END: SafeSubscribe Free Embroidery Design! Click here for Free Embroidery Designs from Imachinegroup H ow do you find the best new or used embroidery machines to fit your needs? Buying a new or used embroidery machine is a tricky proposition. There are many questions and worries with a purchase this large. We at IMG are here to make your embroidery machine purchase experience as friendly and pain free as possible. Click here for more on this topic... O ur customers come first! At Imachinegroup we are constantly striving to provide more services to help our customers succeed. Recently, we have added free of charge, our new online training system. That coupled with our 'How To Start An Embroidery Business' publication, our list of 1000+ wholesale garment suppliers and our ongoing free training seminars will provide you with the right tools to succeed. If you are starting a new business or expanding into a new profit center Imachinegroup will guide you every step of the way. With training, support, service, and supplies, we provide you with the tools you need to become a well prepared business. Imachinegroup sells a complete line of new and used embroidery machines , and t-jet printers so we can give you an unbiased opinion of all the machines. We will provide you with an embroidery machine, or t-shirt printer that best suits your needs as well as your budget. Let the experts at Imachinegroup help you realize your dream. W e have everything you need Imachinegroup Inc. offers the supplies you need for your custom embroidery designs on t-shirts, jackets, caps, and other apparel items. Our innovative products are the perfect solution for sewing quality custom embroidery designs on hats, t-shirts, jackets etc... We sell new and used embroidery machines including barudan , happy , melco , tajima , brother , inbro , swf , ultramatic , zsk , and more name brands of machines. We also offer other accessories and supplies for custom embroidery projects including hoops , framing stations , clamping devices , and more. Visit us online, or call us at 888-652-4464 for more information on our embroidery machines or t-shirt printers . Embroidery Machine Sales and Service   Para Español - Precione Aqui Si necesita informacion immediata - llame al 909-946-3600 Start Quantcast tag End Quantcast tag Home Products Commercial Embroidery Machines Used Embroidery Machines New Embroidery Machines Used Direct To Garment Printers New Direct To Garment Printers Industrial Embroidery Machines Start your own business Customer comments Support Links Contact Free designs Digital T-Shirt Printers New embroidery machines Used embroidery machines Help FAQ's Site-Map imachinegroup.com Copyright 2003 2512 East Fender Ave Ste. A Fullerton, Ca. 92831 (888) 652-4464 714-869-3048 Imachinegroup, international machine group 