 Portable Machine Tools | Pipe Beveling, Facing | Orbital Welding [if lte IE 9]><link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="https://tritool.com/wp-content/plugins/js_composer/assets/css/vc_lte_ie9.min.css" media="screen"><![endif] Search Custom Engineering Close Custom Engineered Equipment Solutions As a manufacturer of portable custom machine tools, Tri Tool offers a diverse line of special equipment for a broad range of specific applications. Machinery is available for fitting reclamation, weld crown finishing, boiler, and milling applications, chipless machinery for chipless cutting of tubes, to just name a few of the many options available to you with Tri Tool custom engineering equipment solutions. Learn More Products Close Machining Close Pipe Machining ID Mount 200 Series BevelMASTER Boiler and Heat Exchanger Tools CouponMASTER 4X4 PIPE BEVELER OD Mount 600 Series TRIMAX Machining System 600 Series RBL-G2 Split-Frame Clamshell 600 Series SB Split-Frame Clamshell 600 Series SBCM Split-Frame Clamshell Accessories 200 Series Accessories 600 Series Accessories Tube Machining Tube Severing 500 Series Accessories Tube Squaring 300 Series Accessories Pipe Facing TERRAMAX PFM Model PFM 614 Model PFM 816 Model PFM 1632 Model PFM 3248 Model PFM 3456 Model PFM 4876 Hydraulic Power Hydraulic 304 with Safer by Design Chipguards Welding Equipment Close Orbital Welding That is Engineered for Versatility The AdaptARC automated welding machines offer the most advanced orbital and linear pipe welding systems for the professional welder. Designed for durability and versatility, the AdaptARC system offers multiple processes for Gas Tungsten Arc Welding (GTAW), Gas Metal Arc Welding pulsed spray (GMAW-P) and short arc (GMAW-S), and Flux Core Arc Welding (FCAW). Learn More Line Up Clamps Close ILUC Series Internal Line-Up Clamps CLAMPMASTER The ILUC clamp series was developed to provide internal line up for welding of small-bore piping systems. This modular system allows for different configurations to fit a wide variety of applications. Available options include copper backing for root pass integrity, purge dams for TIG welding, and a pneumatic drive system for horizontal operations. For vertical use, an emergency brake system is actuated on loss of pneumatic pressure or electrical current preventing the clamp from dropping into the pipeline. Learn More Laser Dimensioning Close Dimensioning and inspection solutions for optimal pipe welding results Tri Tool's Laser Dimensioning System (LDS) was designed to measure open-ended pipes using laser sensors as the measuring device. The laser sensors measure displacement (position) against a target (surface of the pipe) without requiring contact with the surface. Learn More Tool Bits Close Tri Tool Precision Tool Bits At Tri Tool, we are the tool bit experts. With dedicated engineering and machine shop staff, we have created over 10,000 tool bit designs specifically geared to the alloy, coating, and wall thickness of the material being cut. Many of our standard bits can be used in other manufacturer’s equipment, so you can still get the superior results you want.Should you have a special application which requires special bits, we will be glad to work with your specifications. You can fill out our on-line Tool Bit Design Form for fast service. Learn More All Products Close Tri Tool Products Tri Tool has led the way for over 40 years as an innovative pipe cutting beveling machine manufacturer to provide customers with the best equipment possible. Our wide range of tools, designed for ease of operation, deliver maximum performance to produce expert results and save you time and money. Learn More Tri Tool, Inc. 3041 Sunrise Blvd. Rancho Cordova, CA 95742 (800) 345-5015 (916) 288-6160 Fax Contact Us! Services Close Commitment to Safety On-Site Field Machining Specialty Welding Pipeline High Production CNC Counterbore Laser Dimensioning Services Nuclear Power Plant Union Contracting Project Management Training Rental Resources Close Machining and Welding Equipment Video Library Close Seeing is believing Backed by 45+ years of experience, Tri Tool is the industry leader in machining and welding equipment for pipes and tubes. Our years of expertise have cemented the Tri Tool commitment to precision, performance and people that customers in a wide range of industries rely on. Watch our great selection of videos on our pipe beveler, orbital welder, tube cutting machine and other portable milling machine lines to learn more about our products. Portable Machining Blog Close All Blog Posts News Press Release Tech Tip Tri Tool Products Safety Focus Business Spotlight Service Profile Most Recent Tech Tip: Do you need to use coolant when cold cutting pipe June 24, 2019 SAFETY FOCUS: Married and Safe with a Silicone Ring June 24, 2019 Midstream Pipeline Equipment that Ensures Maximum Versatility and User Control June 24, 2019 Literature Close All Literature Brochures Flyers & Reference Guides Case Studies Pipeline Newsletters White Papers Resources Close All Resources TRIMAX Webinar Operator Manuals Technical Specifications SDS Sheets Government-NSN List Tradeshows / Events Close Upcoming Tradeshows Oil and Gas Asia 2019 About Close Mission Statement History of Tri Tool Environmental Responsibility Industries Served Close Energy Generation Process Piping Systems High Purity Government Oil & Gas Construction Ship Building Industry Decommissioning Nuclear Satisfied Customers Careers Contact Close Global Support CUSTOM MACHINE TOOLS Finding Engineered Solutions For Complex Machining Applications See More ↓ SHOW PIPE WHO'S BOSS See More ↓ Midstream Pipe Facing Machine ON-SITE SERVICES COST EFFECTIVE CONTRACT MACHINING AND WELDING See More ↓ PORTABLE MACHINE TOOLS Precision ID and OD Mounted In-Place Machining Solutions See More ↓ Current Job Openings Global Support READ MORE Shipbuildingandaluminumconf Training Services To Suit Your Needs What makes Tri Tool great? It's the dedicate employees behind the prducts. Resharp Program READ MORE Solution Profile READ MORE Product Spolight Trimax Specialty Welding Services READ MORE Environmental Responsibility READ MORE Practical Safety Considerations READ MORE Champion of Manufacturing READ MORE Tri Tool History READ MORE Specialty Engineering READ MORE 45 YEARS OF EXCELLENCE Precision, Performance, People Since 1972, Tri Tool has delivered on the winning combination of precision, performance and people: precision engineering; proven performance and innovation, and people who will always find a way to solve a customer’s problem, no matter how challenging. That’s  Building Performance: The Tri Tool Way. Today, Tri Tool enters a new era of delivering on safety. Our newest portable pipe and tube cutting machines, facing machines and industrial welding machines, as well as those we are building for tomorrow, are Safer by Design: Safer to use without sacrificing all of the precision, power and performance you have come to expect from the world’s leading designer and manufacturer of precision portable machine tools, automatic welding machines, pipe beveling machines, and pipeline facing machines. As we move forward, we will continually strive to produce innovative, game-changing and safer products that reflect the relationship and trust you have placed in us as a manufacturer and as an  on-site field machining  services provider. Our people are always prepared to walk beside you to ensure that you can do your job effectively, efficiently and safely, whether that be for the  offshore or onshore pipe construction , power generation , high purity , or the industrial plant maintenance markets. From engineering to shipping, Tri Tool’s commitment to precision, performance, and people shines through. Tri Tool manufacturing promotes safety and pride of workmanship for its operators and is dedicated to  environmental responsibility . Our assembly shop is full of talented machinists with decades of experience in the assembly of  precision portable machines  and  orbital welding machines . We assemble, test, and quality check each product before it leaves our shop so the portable machine tools you receive deliver the performance you expect. Tri Tool Products, Built for Safety, Built for Performance, Built for Precision, Built for You. PRODUCTS Machining Welding Equipment Line Up Clamps Laser Dimensioning Tool Bits Specialty Engineering Parts Manufacturing All Products Services Services Commitment to Safety On-Site Field Machining Specialty Welding Pipeline CNC Counterbore Laser Dimensioning Nuclear Power Plant Union Contracting Project Management Training Rental Rental News & Resources Portable Machining Blog Resources Tradeshows / Events About Tri Tool Mission Statement History of Tri Tool Environmental Responsibility Industries Served Satisfied Customers Global Support Careers More Contact Us Global Support Terms & Conditions Privacy Notice ©Copyright 1995-2016 Tri Tool Inc. All Rights Reserved. 3041 Sunrise Blvd. Rancho Cordova, CA 95742  (800) 345-5015 P  (916) 288-6160 F Sign in to your account Account Login Username Password Sign in Forgot your password? Products Machining Pipe Machining ID Mount Equipment 200 Series Boiler Tube Equipment Back OD Mount Equipment TRIMAX Machining System RBL Split-Frame Clamshell RBL-G2 Split-Frame Clamshell SB Split-Frame Clamshell SBCM Split-Frame Clamshell Back Accessories 200 Series Accessories 600 Series Accessories Back Back Tube Machining Tube Severing 500 Series Tube Severing Accessories Back Tube Squaring Back Pipe Facing Hydraulic Power Unit Back Welding Equipment Line Up Clamps Laser Dimensioning Tool Bits Specialty Engineering All Products Back Services Commitment to Safety On-Site Field Machining Services Specialty Welding Pipeline Services High Production CNC Counterbore Services Laser Dimensioning Services Nuclear Power Plant Construction Services Union Contracting Services Project Management Services Tri Tool Training Back Rental News & Resources Portable Machining Blog Resources Brochures Flyers & Reference Guides SDS Sheets Operator Manuals Solution Profiles Technical Specifications Government-NSN List Back Tradeshows / Events Back About Tri Tool Mission Statement History of Tri Tool Industries Served Energy Generation Process Piping Systems High Purity Government Oil & Gas Construction Ship Building Industry Nuclear Decommissioning Back Careers Back Contact Us Global Support Back There are no products × Item Added to your Cart! There are no products Subtotal: : View Cart Checkout Continue Shopping WordPress Download Manager - Best Download Management Plugin Close We use cookies for various purposes including analytics and personalized marketing. By continuing to use our site, you agree to our use of cookies as described in our Privacy Notice I Accept I Do Not Accept Privacy Notice Revoke cookies 