Starrag Group Logo
PRODUCT RANGE 
TECHNOLOGIES 
SERVICE
CAREER
English 
MENU
Engineering precisely what you value.
Aerospace
Energy
Transportation
Industrial
Industrie 4.0
Integrated Production System
The IPS from Starrag offers customers a modular system of solutions tailored to their specific needs within the context of «Industrie 4.0». In line with the claim «Engineering precisely what you value», this means that the customer receives networked manufacturing solutions fully adapted to their needs through the use of customer-specific modules.

The result: Higher profitability, improved safety, increased growth.

 Integrated Production System
Success Story
Pilatus relies on Ecospeed machining solution
Reaching new heights: Flexible manufacturing system represents a productivity leap for aircraft manufacturers

Pilatus Aircraft factories have re-established the machining of large components: Since October 2016, medium-sized aluminium structural components with a length of between 750 and 4,000 mm are being machined in a highly-automated manner by a Starrag Group flexible manufacturing system (FMS) including two ECOSPEED F machining centres. Production capacity has been increased by about a third.
 

 pilatus
Discover our solutions for automotive and transportation
CURRENT ISSUES
News
Exhibition Dates
May 3, 2019
Paris Air Show: Imparting knowledge with structural components, blisks and blades
Download PDF
Apr 12, 2019
"Job Shop deluxe": A decade of success with Bumotec
Download PDF
Feb 15, 2019
Droop+Rein T portal machining centre: US contract machining company invests in a fourth Starrag machine
Download PDF
Jan 29, 2019
Intec 2019: Recipes for success in complete and large parts processing
Download PDF
Oct 23, 2018
The new five-axis machining centre with rotary table: Heckert T45
Download PDF
Exhibition Calendar
Investor Relations
Closer to target markets
Starrag Group delivered the anticipated significant increase in order intake for the 2018 fiscal year. New orders surged 32% (+29% at constant exchange rates) to CHF 461 million, which represents the second-highest annual order intake in the company's history, and order intake in the second half even topped the already strong first-half intake.

Dr. Christian Walti, CEO and Head of Regional Sales. Gerold Brütsch, CFO

 Investor Relations
Start your carreer at Starrag Group
Company
High-precision machine tools for greater productivity
Starrag Group is a global technology leader in manufacturing high-precision machine tools for milling, turning, boring and grinding workpieces of metallic, composite and ceramic materials.

The umbrella brand Starrag unites the product ranges Berthiez, Bumotec, Dörries, Droop+Rein, Ecospeed, Heckert, Scharmann, SIP, Starrag, TTL and WMW. Headquartered in Rorschach/Switzerland, the Starrag Group operates 5 manufacturing plants in Europe.

 company
Services
Improve your machine availabilities
You want to invest money in a solution that brings you clearly calculable added value. That requires that, besides the purchase price of the machine, you also know the costs for its maintenance and service.

With ServicePlus that is exactly what Starrag offers you. A tailored complete package including Service, Support and Maintenance at fixed calculable prices.

 service plus
New: NB 151
The best machining solution for blisks manufacturing with higher productivity
No matter if it is called a «Blisk» (bladed disk) or an «IBR» (integrally bladed rotor), no matter if it is single stage or multi stage, Starrag’s dedicated machine concept of the NB series provides the best solution for efficiently machining these parts. Blisks made from Titanium, Nickel-based superalloys and the Blisks made of blade steels for stationary gas turbines triggered the development of the NB series. For all the necessary manufacturing operations Starrag provides the benchmark: Efficient roughing for Blisks machined from solid, adaptive machining for friction welded Blisks, high dynamic finishing of the airfoils in point contact. Shortest cycle times and zero scrap rate production are achievable on the Starrag NB series. The NB series is based on the very successful Starrag LX series.

 nb 151
Customer Services
A la carte services guarantee maximum availability
Read more
Technology Services
Technology solutions which make the customer stronger
Read more
Starrag Magazine
The fascinating world of machining
Read more
Company Video
What makes Starrag Group solutions so unique?
Starrag Group is a global technology leader in manufacturing high-precision machine tools for milling, turning, boring and grinding workpieces of metallic, composite and ceramic materials. Principle customers are internationally active companies in the Aerospace, Energy, Transportation and Industrial sectors. In addition to its portfolio of machine tools, Starrag Group provides integrated technology and maintenance services that significantly enhance customer productivity.

To provide you a better user experience we use cookies. Through the use of www.starrag.com you agree to the usage of cookies. Privacy policy
Product Range
Berthiez

Bumotec

Dörries

Droop+Rein

Ecospeed

Heckert

Scharmann

SIP

Starrag

TTL

WMW

Technologies
Horizontal machining centers

Vertical machining centers

Blade and Blisk machining centers

Portal and Gantry machining centers

Vertical turning lathes

Vertical grinding machines

Faceting machines

Transfer machines

Aerostructures machining centers

Technology Services

Service
Service Contact

Service Products

Service Success Stories

Market Segments
Aero Engines

Aero Structures

Avionics

Oil & Gas

Power Turbines

Renewables

Heavy Duty Vehicles & Engines

On-Road Vehicles

Industrial Components

Luxury Goods

Med Tech

Company
Starrag Group

Starrag magazine

Newsletter

Board of Directors

Executive Board

Organization

Business Conduct Guidelines

History

Sales Network

Purchasing

Certificates

Investors
Investor Relations

Career
Career at Starrag

Education

Contact Person

News
News & Releases

Exhibition Calendar

Contact
Worldwide Contact

     
© 2019 Starrag Group

 Imprint  Data Privacy  Disclaimer  GTC  Webtools   icon dmstr