Pulp Mills | Pulp and Paper Mill | Pulp Mill Closures | Used Pulp Mill :: Vantek Inc. Product Search English | <a href="#">&#23448;&#35441;</a> Handling everything from start to finish, we provide complete turnkey solutions for Pulp and Paper Mills worldwide.    for more information Home About Us Products onclick="return clickreturnvalue()" onmouseover="dropdownmenu(this, event, menu1, '80px')" onmouseout="delayhidemenu()"> Services Trade Shows Recent Projects Testimonials News Contact Us used pulp mills pulp and paper mill pulp mill closures Welcome! VanTek, Inc. has been serving the Pulp and Paper Mill Industry since 1984 and has grown into a world-wide leading source and supplier of used pulp and paper equipment and complete mills. Recognized globally as a leading source for used pulp & paper equipment, we are located in Vancouver, Washington, USA with representative agents in China, India, Vietnam, Thailand and Indonesia - all ideally located to serve our clients. While pulp & paper mill closures are becoming more of a reality in our current economy, Vantek, Inc. is thriving and looking towards the future. VanTek now specializes in the sales of idled paper machines, related components, complete pulp and paper mills, as well as power plants, from North America and Europe to our clients all around the world, particularly in China, India and southeast Asia. Buyers and Sellers of used Pulp & Paper equipment, complete Paper mills & Pulp mills , and power plants interested in our products and services will find items of interest and news articles on our news page. Please browse through our current offerings under Products . VanTek, Inc. 7632 NE Hazel Dell Avenue Vancouver, WA 98665 Tel:  (360) 694-9922 Fax: (360) 695-3917 Contact us by Email . Paper Machines & More Recently Completed Projects Visit our Trade Show Booth Vantek Alerts: Buying Equipment Selling Equipment Full Service Buying Equipment VanTek has developed a strong global network of sources for used pulp mill and paper equipment ranging from simple components all the way to complete idled pulp mills, paper mills, power plants, and is able to offer our clients a diverse range of specialized services . We have experienced professionals who will understand your technical needs, your budget constraints, and who will provide a consultative approach to your specific requirements. With our extensive knowledge of process equipment and our ability to understand your geographical and cultural circumstances, we are able to quickly find what you need and will make all the necessary arrangements to get it to you whether it's a used paper mill or pulp mill or anything else. Selling Equipment Do you need to divest your idled assets from your shut down pulp or paper mill? Do you have idled paper machines, pulping equipment or power plants that you want to sell off-shore? Do you need to liquidate the entire contents of your pulp or paper mill and need a one-stop solution provider? VanTek Inc. can do all of this and more for you. We will sell or liquidate your idled assets or complete mill contents in a combination of one or more of the following steps: appraisal and inventory of assets, market and sell major equipment through private treaty and / or direct sales, auction the remaining assets, demolish the mill site, scrap or recycle remaining equipment, and leave your site "flat & clean". At every stage, we will do our utmost to maximize the return to you, the Seller. We are well experienced with all the related paperwork, import & export documents, transportation and shipping arrangements, and you will not need to be involved in such details unless you want to. Contact us for additional details on the services we can provide and for references, by email , or by telephone at USA 360-694-9922 or toll free 1-888-775-3722. Full Service We offer a full range of industry services from machinery appraisals all the way through to the negotiations with the buyer; including, but not limited to, machinery dismantling rebuilding the machine to suit customer requirements, and reinstallation of the equipment at its new home and machine rigging and document handling. Our goal is to be a turnkey provider to both the seller and the buyer, making the equipment selling and purchasing process as easy and seamless for both parties involved, and resulting in a win-win outcome for all. Ask us about how we can rebuild a used paper machine to suit your requirements and provide a guarantee on the rebuild. Contact us at: email Home | About Us | Products | Services | Trade Shows | Recent Projects | Testimonials | News | Contact Us Copyright 2010 Vantek Inc. | Site by Doug Williams & Associates 