Industrial Oven Manufacturer | Wisconsin Oven Utility navigation News Blog Applications Events 262.642.3938 Products Batch Ovens Aluminum Age Ovens Composite Curing Ovens Custom Batch Ovens Drop Bottom Furnaces Enhanced Duty Walk-In Ovens (EWN) Express Batch Ovens Heat Treat Ovens/Draw & Temper Furnaces Heavy-Duty Walk-In Oven (SWH Series) Horizontal Quench System Normal Duty Walk-In Oven (SWN) Pit Furnaces Powder Coating Batch Ovens Small Batch and Bench Ovens Standard Top Load Oven Ultimate HD Walk-In Ovens (UWH) W-Wall® Ovens Conveyor Ovens Air Sealed Overhead Trolley Conveyor Ovens (SCT Series) Belt Conveyor Ovens & Furnaces Carousel Conveyor Ovens Chain Conveyor Ovens Custom Conveyor Ovens & Furnaces Print Plate Conveyor Oven (SPC Ovens) Pusher Furnaces & Indexing Conveyor Ovens Standard Spindle (Chain on Edge) Conveyor Ovens (SCS Series) Vertical Conveyor Ovens & Furnaces (Ferris Wheel Ovens) Web Dryers & Strip Cure Ovens Laboratory Ovens Blue M 146 Series ASTM Testing Mechanical Convection Oven Blue M 146 Series Clean Room Mechanical Convection Oven Blue M 146 Series Inert Gas Mechanical Convection Oven Blue M 146 Series Standard Mechanical Convection Oven Blue M ESP 400 Series Mechanical Convection Oven Blue M Gravity Oven Blue M Lab Oven Pollution Control Equipment Thermal Fume Incinerators Walk-In Batch Ovens Enhanced Duty Walk-In Ovens (EWN) Express Batch Ovens Heavy-Duty Walk-In Oven (SWH Series) Normal Duty Walk-In Oven (SWN) Ultimate HD Walk-In Ovens (UWH) Rental/Refurb Equipment Process Aluminum Aging Aluminum Solution Treatment Annealing Baking Composite Curing Curing Drying Foundry Out of Autoclave Paper Pulp Drying Powder Coating Pre-Heating Sand Core Drying Stress Relieving Tempering Thermoforming Wood Drying Industries Aerospace Automotive Composites Energy Finishing Foundry Heat Treating Laboratory Military Pharmaceutical Parts & Service Replacement Parts Calibration Services Installation Services Oven Modification & Refurbishment Oven Relocation Rebuild Preventative Maintenance Start-up Training Uniformity Services Support Resources Technical information Combination Airflow Continuous Airflow Styles Direct Fired & Indirect Gas Fired Energy Efficiency Heat Treat Definitions Horizontal Air Flow Washer & Quench Tanks WOW™ Warranty Information Troubleshooting Guide Financing Options About Us Championship Culture Work of Champions Program Corporate Branding Testimonials Associations Why Wisconsin Oven? TPS Brands Baker-Furnace Blue-M Gruenberg Lindberg/MPH Lunaire Tenney Careers Employee Benefits Employee Testimonials Employee Events Contact Us News Blog Applications Contact Composite Curing Wisconsin Oven designs and manufactures high performance composite curing batch ovens to meet your specific composite application.   Composite Curing Ovens Industrial Ovens Wisconsin Oven manufactures custom industrial ovens for a variety of applications. We can meet the most stringent design requirements. Custom Conveyor Ovens Parts and Service Contact the experienced Aftermarket Team at Wisconsin Oven for all your replacement parts and industrial oven service needs. Aftermarket Services Industrial Ovens From The Leader In The Industry Wisconsin Oven Corporation has been designing, engineering, and manufacturing industrial ovens and other heating equipment for over 40 years. Our standard and custom industrial ovens are used for a multitude of applications including heat treating , finishing , drying , or curing . The experienced design team at Wisconsin Oven Corporation is able to meet even the most stringent standards for our customers’ industrial oven equipment. Featured Industrial Ovens Show by type Show by process Batch Ovens Walk-In Ovens Conveyor Ovens Laboratory Ovens View all products Aluminum Aging Oven Composite Curing Foundry Out of Autoclave View all products Featured industries Aerospace Composites Energy Finishing Heat Treating Automotive VIEW ALL INDUSTRIES To WOC, I just wanted to let you know how impressed we've been with your assistance in the selection, purchasing process right through the manufacturing of the recent equipment we purchased from your company. What really put everything into perspective was when we came in to witness uniformity testing plus walk through of oven’s operations. Everyone was helpful and the overall appearance of your facilities was impressive. It was quite clear your staff takes pride in their work . We are very pleased with our choice of WOC and look forward to many years of doing business with you. Thanks to all at WOC. Brian K. Bacon Read more testimonials Our latest news Wisconsin Oven Ships Top Flow Conveyor Oven to Manufacturer in Machinery Industry Posting Date: Jun 25, 2019 Wisconsin Oven Corporation announced the shipment of one (1) Electrically Heated Top Flow Conveyor Oven to a global manufacturer in the machinery industry. The oven will be used for curing “CPIG” material on plastic housings for electronic components. The conveyor oven has a maximum oven operating temperature of 200°C and work chamber dimensions of 2’4” wide x 21’0" long x 9" high. The oven features a continuous chain style conveyor system. This top flow conveyor oven has sufficient capacity to heat 1,000 pounds of steel and 600 pounds of plastic per hour from 21° to 150 ° C. To maximize Read more Dave Strand Retires After 33 Years at Wisconsin Oven Posting Date: Jun 13, 2019 East Troy, WI – June 7th, 2019 – In 1986, Dave Strand was hired by Wisconsin Oven Corporation as a shop worker. In 2019, he retires as President & CEO of Thermal Product Solutions, LLC, the parent company of Wisconsin Oven. Dave Strand has dedicated 33 years to the continued growth of Wisconsin Oven Corporation. His presence at Wisconsin Oven will be greatly missed by the employees, customers, and community partners. Dave will be remembered at Wisconsin Oven for his steadfast leadership and encouragement of employees. When he took over the position of President and CEO in 2005, he wanted Read more Wisconsin Oven Ships Pre-Heating Batch Oven to Automotive Industry Posting Date: Jun 11, 2019 Wisconsin Oven Corporation announced the shipment of one (1) Electrically Heated Enhanced Duty Walk-In Series Oven to a manufacturer in the automotive industry. The batch oven will be used for pre-heating racks of plastic parts prior to painting. The pre-heating oven has a maximum oven operating temperature of 300°F and work chamber dimensions of 9’0” wide x 7’0" long x 7’0" high. Guaranteed t emperature uniformity of ± 3.45 ° F at 257 ° F was documented with a nine (9) point temperature uniformity survey in an empty oven chamber under static operating conditions. This walk-in batch oven has sufficient Read more Wisconsin Oven Ships Soluble Mandrel Curing Oven to Aerospace Industry Posting Date: May 15, 2019 Wisconsin Oven Corporation announced the shipment of one (1) Electrically Heated Soluble Mandrel Curing Oven to a manufacturer in the aerospace industry. The curing oven has a maximum oven operating temperature of 400°F and work chamber dimensions of 12’0” wide x 12’0" long x 20’0" high. Guaranteed t emperature uniformity of ± 10 ° F at set points 150 ° , 200 ° , 250 ° , 300 ° , 350 ° , and 400 ° F was documented with a fifteen (15) point temperature uniformity survey in an empty oven chamber under static operating conditions. This batch oven has Read more Wisconsin Oven's Attendance at SAMPE 2019 Posting Date: May 07, 2019 Wisconsin Oven Corporation is excited to announce our attendance in the upcoming 2019 SAMPE Conference and Exhibition. The show is set for May 21-22 at the Charlotte Convention Center in Charlotte, North Carolina. Known as one of the largest conventions for material and processing advancements, this event brings together the leaders of the industry and the eager to learn professionals looking for a glimpse at the new tips and trends of the year. All attendees at the upcoming SAMPE event are encouraged to stop by the Wisconsin Oven booth #P30 to experience our Virtual Reality (VR) gear. The VR equipment Read more Wisconsin Oven Ships Two Electrically Heated Four Zone Two Drawer Ovens to Oil & Gas Industry Posting Date: May 06, 2019 Wisconsin Oven Corporation announced the shipment of two (2) Electrically Heated Four Zone Two Drawer Ovens to a manufacturer in the oil and gas industry. The batch ovens will be used for pre-heating drill pipe motor tubes and cores. The ovens have sufficient capability to heat 15,000 pounds of steel from 21°C to 120 ° C in approximately 90 minutes in a pre-heated oven. These industrial ovens have maximum oven operating temperatures of 150°Cand drawer dimensions of 31’0” wide x 35" long x 12" high (each drawer). Each oven has a guaranteed oven t emperature uniformity of ± 2.8 ° Read more Wisconsin Oven Ships Five Standard Draw Batch Ovens to East Carolina Metal Treating Posting Date: Apr 25, 2019 Wisconsin Oven Corporation announced the shipment of five (5) Electrically Heated Standard Draw Batch Series Ovens to East Carolina Metal Treating in Raleigh, NC. The standard draw batch ovens (SDB ovens) will be used for stress relieving and have maximum oven operating temperatures of 1,250° F. The basket dimensions of each oven are 2’0” wide x 3’0" long x 2’0" high. Guaranteed t emperature uniformity of ± 10 ° F at set points 300 ° F, 750 ° F, and 1,250 ° F was documented with a nine (9) point temperature uniformity survey in empty oven chambers under static operating Read more Visit Wisconsin Oven at the CastExpo Posting Date: Apr 23, 2019 Wisconsin Oven is excited to announce our attendance at Cast Expo 2019! Cast Expo is the largest event of the North American metalcasting industry. The event will be held at the Georgia World Congress Center (GWCC) from April 27th – 30th. Cast Expo features over 400 exhibitors with a wide range of equipment and services, including 3-D printing, aluminum casting, cleaning and finishing, heat treatment, sand casting, and many more. Cast Expo & Metalcasting Congress will feature three keynote speakers, breakaway sessions, and time for attendees to visit exhibitor booths. Wisconsin Oven will be stationed at booth # 818, with Read more Electrically Heated Composite Curing Batch Oven for the Aerospace Industry Posting Date: Apr 16, 2019 Wisconsin Oven Corporation announced the shipment of one (1) Electrically Heated Composite Curing Batch Oven to a manufacturer in the aerospace industry. The batch oven will be used for composite curing parts and has a maximum oven operating temperature of 400° F. The work chamber dimensions of this oven are 10’0” wide x 38’0" long x 10’0" high. Guaranteed t emperature uniformity of ± 6 ° F at set points 150 ° , 200 ° , 250 ° , 300 ° , 350 ° , and 400 ° F was documented with a fifteen (15) point temperature uniformity survey in Read more View all latest news Wisconsin Oven Corporation   262.642.3938   262.363.4018   2675 Main Street East Troy, WI 53120 Sign up to receive our latest news You must have JavaScript enabled to use this form. Email © Copyright Wisconsin Oven Corporation. 2019. All Rights Reserved. Designed by Top Floor. Privacy Policy | Terms of Use 