Dry Ice Blasting Equipment and Machines by Cold Jet We use cookies on this site to help make your experience better. Check our privacy policy. I understand Contact Cold Jet Sales Contact Technical Support Parts & Accessories Click to View our Corporate Overview Video Your Global Dry Ice Cleaning, Production and Automation Solutions Partner Environmentally Sustainable Cleaning with Cold Jet's Patented SureFlow Technology Non-destructive Non-conductive Non-toxic Parts Finishing with Cold Jet's Patented MicroParticle Technology Integrated Cleaning Systems Dry Ice Production Systems Pellets Nuggets Slices Blocks Advanced Surface Preparation with Cold Jet's Patented MicroParticle Technology Dry Ice Blasting Solutions Environmentally Sustainable Dry ice blasting systems for cleaning, surface preparation and parts finishing. Designed with unrivaled innovation and unmatched performance. ⇒ Pellet Cleaning Machines ⇒ MicroParticle Machines ⇒ Industries & Applications Integrated Blast Cleaning Systems Ideal For Production Integration Combines a pelletizer with one or more blasting systems for continuous or fully automated use. Custom engineered to meet your specific requirements. ⇒ COMBI 120H ⇒ RoboBlast ⇒ Pellet / MicroParticle Systems Dry Ice Production Solutions Delivering Reliability & ROI Achieve state-of-the-art, smart dry ice production with Cold Jet CONNECT™ monitoring, diagnostic and corrective action systems. ⇒ Continuous Operation Pelletizers ⇒ High Efficiency Pelletizers ⇒ Dry Ice Production Hub Service & Support World-Class Customer Service We are local. Everywhere. The Cold Jet customer support team is available 24/7 providing the personal service your business demands. ⇒ 24 Hour Technical Support ⇒ Parts & Accessories ⇒ Request Service FEATURED CASE STUDIES View all Hydroelectric Generator SDI Select™ 60 Successfully Restores Hydroelectric Generator. Marquardt GmbH Cleaning Injection Molds With Dry Ice MicroParticles Reduces Cleaning Time Up To 95% MacLellan Integrated Services Removing Slag And Spatter Buildup On Welding Robots Increases Quality And Productivity Silgan Plastics Cleaning Injection Molds Hot And In-Place Significantly Reduces Downtime And Costs While Increasing Production Time Split Rock Lighthouse Non-Abrasive Cleaning Process Helps State Landmark Shine Tyco Electronics Clean Molds When They Are Hot, While Improving Efficiency And Increasing Productivity Electrolux i3MicroClean® Safely Removes Insulating Foam And Quickly Becomes A Value Add Investment For Refrigerator Plant Fritz Jaspert Bakery Cleans Waffle Molds And Increases Productivity, Quality And Product Safety While Reducing Costs MWS (Aluminium Casting) Reliable And Gentle Core Box Cleaning With Dry Ice RobotWorx Dry Ice Blasting Proves Critical To Refurbishing Industrial Robots > > Why Cold Jet Truly Global Our People Our Facilities We pioneered Dry Ice Blast Cleaning and are the global experts in dry ice technology Cold Jet doesn’t just sell machines - we invented, and continue to innovate, the technology. At Cold Jet we: Have been in business since 1986 The longest of any provider Have the largest market share Have the largest install base Have a state-of-the-art Manufacturing facility Hold the original patent on dry ice blasting US Patent 4,617,064 (1986) Hold over 20 technology patents Hold over 100 global patents Have the largest dedicated engineering staff Proudly serving thousands of companies around the world since 1986 Cold Jet is truly global, with sales and service centers around the world and sales into more than 70 countries every year. Facilities in 10 countries Global workforce in 12 countries Worldwide sales and service support Sales to more than 70 countries each year Over 100 global partners Over 100 global patents held More than 50% of sales are exports Innovative, energetic people creating state-of-the-art dry ice technology We have been the industry leader for over 30 years due to employing the most talented professionals. 220+ employees worldwide Most employees have been with Cold Jet 5+ years International employees in 12 countries (and counting) Dedicated sales, service and engineering staff Employ more engineers than most of our competitors have employees Expanding globally every year State of the art Facilities for state of the art Products Our engineering, R&D and production operations are maintained at our World Headquarters facility in Loveland, OH. Engineering facilities with the latest 3D modeling and testing capabilites Manufacturing facilities with the latest CNC, EDM capabilities Highest quality machining providing tolerances of only +/- 0.0001" On-site showroom and production/application test cell Physical Headquarters locations in 10 countries 20,000 sq ft assembly operations facility 14,600 sq ft state of the art machining and manufacturing facility Cold Jet Blog Keep up with current topics of interest on Cold Jet's current events blog. And, subscribe to notifications of news, newsletters, deals and more... Go to blog  → Cold Jet News Cold Jet launches new revolutionary dry ice blaster, the ... posted: Wed, 24 Apr 2019 Product launch COLD JET ASP-T at the Tire Technology Expo ... posted: Fri, 22 Feb 2019 News Archive  → Upcoming Events Poliplast - Monterrey, Mexico Aug 21-23, 2019 Manufactura de Autopartes - Queretaro, Mexico Aug 22-23, 2019 All Events  → Connect With Cold Jet myColdJet.com Cold Jet Offices Worldwide Network Contract Cleaners © 2019 Cold Jet. About Cold Jet Cold Jet has led the development of dry ice blasting and dry ice production technology which sets the standard for quality, performance and reliability. With thousands of installed customers worldwide, Cold Jet's success has been the result of its superior technology, dedication to customer service and its establishment of a global infrastructure for product support. Cold Jet is committed to developing dry ice solutions for the betterment of industry and the environment through a relentless pursuit of technology. With 20 years of experience and thousands of customers worldwide, Cold Jet has unparalleled experience in developing and recommending dry ice solutions to match the range of Industries unique cleaning application and production need. Because of our wide selection in product offering, we can recommend the best configuration for your application and budget without sacrificing quality. Cold Jet offers the widest selection, most reliable and most dependable Dry Ice Blasting Systems, Dry Ice Production Equipment, Engineered Systems, and Nozzles on the market to match every size budget. Cold Jet's dry ice blasting systems use half the air, ice and manpower, resulting in a lower cost of ownership than any one else. We realize that not all needs and budgets are the same and a capital purchase is not always necessary, we can provide lease, rent-to-own, short-term rental and even used equipment as alternative options. Industries and companies (from Fortune 100 to sole proprietors) worldwide are setting the precedence for excellence and quality in their operations with Cold Jet's cutting edge design and innovation. Cold Jet's dry ice blast cleaning solutions pay for themselves in just a few months, providing an impressive R.O.I on systems designed to last. Cold Jet dry ice blasting systems are twice as efficient as any other dry ice blasting system available, this allows customers to quickly realize what a wise investment they have made. See for yourself. Cold Jet, Corporate HQ - 455 Wards Corner Road - Loveland, Ohio 45140 US/Corporate: +1 513-831-3211, +1 800-337-9423 Cold Jet Canada: +1-800-337-9423 Ext. 501 Cold Jet China +86 21 5296 7161 Cold Jet BVBA: +32 (0)13 53 95 47 Cold Jet Germany +49 (0)6551 9606-0 Cold Jet Japan +81 3 6869 2665 Cold Jet Latinoamérica: +52 (81) 1097-0445 Cold Jet Spain +34 91 426 79 63 www.coldjet.com Global Office Locations | myColdJet Login | Viewing in: English | Go to: English  Deutsch (German)  Français (French)  Español (Spanish)  Português do Brasil (Brazilian Portuguese)  Русский (Russian)  Čeština (Czech)  Polski (Polish)  日本語 (Japanese)  简体中文 (Chinese-Simplified)  Set default language...  View regional distributors... Share: Applications Industries & Applications Request Information... Library: Documents | Videos | Webinars Cold Jet is recognized worldwide as the leader in dry ice cleaning and production solutions. Cleaning Applications All Industries & Applications Aerospace Automotive Contract Cleaning Composite Tool Cleaning Mold Remediation Electric Motor Fire Restoration Food and Beverage Foundry General Maintenance & Facilities Historical Restoration Plastics Medical Device Manufacturing Oil and Gas Packaging Power Generation Printing Rubber Textile Engineered Wood Contract Cleaning Contract Cleaning Mold Remediation Historical Restoration Power Generation Foundry & Metal Forming Foundry Plastics & Rubber Plastics Rubber Medical Device Manufacturing Production and Cooling Cold Chain Management Airline Catering Dry Ice Dosing System Dry Ice Production for Blasting Dry Ice Production for Transport/Cooling Frequently Asked Questions What is Dry Ice Blasting (Cleaning) What is Dry Ice? Cleaning Comparison Environmental Facts Cleaning and Production FAQ Cold Jet Blog Products Products Request Information... Library: Documents | Videos | Webinars Cold Jet's patented product technologies are designed by the industry's best engineers. Pellet Dry Ice Cleaning Machines All Pellet dry ice cleaning products Dry Ice Cleaning Overview Aero 40FP Aero 80FP Xcel 6 Elite 20 Applicators Aero Low Flow Nozzles Aero Medium Flow Nozzles Aero High Flow Nozzles Aero Variable Fragmenting MERN Nozzles Aero Specialty Nozzles XP Total User Experience Accessories Peformance Series Aero 40FP Aero 80FP Industrial Series Xcel 6 Elite 20 MicroParticle Dry Ice Cleaning Machines All Microparticle dry ice cleaning products i3 MicroClean DX i³ MicroClean SDI Select 60 i³ MicroClean Nozzles i³ MicroClean SDI Select 60 Specialty Cleaning Products All Specialty cleaning products Aero C100 Jetty Robot Duct Cleaning Inline Tube Cleaning (Europe only) Aero C100 Jetty Robot Duct Cleaning Dry Ice Pelletizers All dry ice pelletizers Dry Ice Production Overview P3000 Die Plates PR120H PR350H PR750H Continuous Operation P3000 High Efficiency PR120H PR350H PR750H Slice Makers & Block Reformers All slice makers and reformers R1000H Pellet-to-Slice Reformer SL1000H Slice Maker i³ IcePress SL1000H IcePress R1000H Automated/Engineered Systems All automated systems Automated/Engineered Systems Overview Mobile Dry Ice Production Hub COMBI 120H RoboBlast Airline Catering Automated Cleaning Solutions Dry Ice Dosing Systems Integrated Cleaning System Flashjet Dry Ice Production Hub COMBI 120H RoboBlast Parts & Services Services & Support Customer Service Home Library: Documents | Videos | Webinars Cold Jet's customer support team of technicians are available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. Equipment Sales and Rental Find a Cold Jet Sales Office Leasing Options Rent or Purchase? Used Equipment Sales US Rental Options Contact Cold Jet About Purchase Options Sales and Service Network Equipment Service and Maintenance Cold Jet Customer Service Home Contact Customer Service Customer Care PM Program Equipment Training Product Upgrades Accessories and Spare Parts Request Quote for Parts and Accessories Custom Engineering Solutions Engineered Systems Integrated Cleaning System Airline Catering Slice Reformer Dry Ice Dosing Systems Custom Solutions Cold Jet Cold Jet Request Information... Library: Documents | Videos | Webinars Your Global Dry Ice Cleaning, Production and Automation Solutions Partner About Cold Jet Cold Jet Office Locations Who is Cold Jet Cold Jet History Cold Jet Careers Career Opportunities Working at Cold Jet Cold Jet Partners Find a Distributor Find a Contractor Become a Distributor Become a Contractor News & Events What's New at Cold Jet Cold Jet Blog Meet Us at an Event Working with Cold Jet Why Cold Jet? Cold Jet vs the Competition Customer Testimonials Our Global Customers Cold Jet Technology Industry Leading and Patented Single Hose vs Double Hose How to compare dry ice blasting systems Old Home Page Articles The Next Great Clean! Introducing the SDI Select Any Ice. Any Application. Anywhere. Versatility on Demand Cold Jet's SDI Select™ series is designed with the ability to shave any dry ice media input through patented feeder technology. The SDI Select™ opens new cleaning opportunities when you experience limited dry ice availability. ›› See the SDI Select Series minisite ›› See the SDI Select 60 details DryIceCleaning.com Services Directory The Place to find Contract Cleaning information and services Cold Jet is pleased to announce its support for DryIceCleaning.com, a new website dedicated to helping companies and consumers learn about the benefits of dry ice cleaning applications and locate contract cleaning service providers who can help meet their cleaning needs. In addition, dryicecleaning.com provides service providers a place to reference application information and videos to better support their businesses. ›› Click here to visit DryIceCleaning.com. With Cold Jet you can Go Green and Increase your profits today! Cleaning with Cold Jet can make you money. Clean up your act & the environment - and save some serious cash! It's a tough economy out there - so why not do everything to add to your bottom-line right now. Cold Jet's cleaning solutions have incredible ROIs that can start making you real profits now. And there's never been more incentive to clean up your act. Check out a few of our online savings tools and contact us to find out how much you can really be making with Cold Jet. ›› Rent or Purchase - Find out more about our flexible programs to meet your needs. ›› Compare your current cleaning process costs with our online ROI Calculator. ›› See how your current cleaning process stacks up to dry ice blast cleaning. ›› Confused about ROI? Read our Blog topic: The Real ROI ! ›› Read our newest Case Study and see how Ghiradelli Chocolate is saving big. Cold Jet Dry Ice. The purest ice. Period. Buy your ice, or make it? Let Cold Jet help you find the right solution. Your business demands the best. Cold Jet's dry ice pelletizers have been scientifically engineered by the dry ice industry's leading engineers and experts. ›› Learn more about Cold Jet Dry Ice production ›› View Cold Jet's Dry Ice production equipment Cold Jet Dosing System Solutions Cold Jet's revolutionary Dosing System Solutions automatically produce dry ice and fill containers to preprogrammed amounts. The unique benefits of the Dosing System allow users to regain control of their cold chain and experience significant cost savings through Just-in-Time production.  -  Reduces annual dry ice consumable cost  -  Eliminates filling errors  -  Safe and easy for use by a single operator ›› Read more about our Dosing System The Revolutionary R3000 Slice Reformer Serving up savings to the airline catering industry Cold Jet is partnering with global leaders in airline catering to deliver on-site, on-demand dry ice with the new R3000 Slice Reformer - managing the cold chain in this ever-changing environment despite airline delays or cancellations. To read more about Cold Jet's dry ice manufacturing capabilites: ›› Click here to see the R3000 Reformer ›› Visit DryIceProduction.com Rent or Buy. You Decide! Flexible Options to fit Your Needs You decide what's best for you. With our nationwide sales team, and network of Red-D-Arc rental outlets, you can choose how you want to get your dry ice blasting equipment. Whether you just want to rent a machine for a weekend shutdown and maintenance, or purchase outright and depreciate over time, we can accommodate your preference. Speak to a Representative at +1 800-777-9101 ›› or, see more details The cleanest clean. Superior dry ice blasting equipment by Cold Jet For more than 20 years Cold Jet has led the development of dry ice blasting technology - setting the standard for quality, performance and reliability. Cold Jet offers the widest selection, most reliable and most innovative dry ice blasting systems that use half the ice, air and manpower of competitors' systems. Cold Jet's dry ice blast cleaning solutions pay for themselves in just a few months, providing an impressive R.O.I. on systems designed to last. ›› View Cold Jet's superior product lineup The purest ice. Period. Cold Jet's dry ice pelletizers and reformers have been scientifically engineered by the dry ice industry's leading engineers and experts to offer the greatest level of reliability available and the highest density extruded dry ice obtainable. ›› Read more about Cold Jet's dry ice production Turn your cleaning problems into solutions with Cold Jet Dry Ice Blasting Industries and companies worldwide (from Fortune 100 to sole proprietors) are setting the precedent for excellence and quality in their operations using Cold Jet's cutting edge design and innovation. Cold Jet's dry ice blast cleaning solutions are used in almost every industry imaginable - and all our solutions are environmentally friendly and require no secondary waste or contaminant cleanup. We can help you turn your cleaning problems into solutions. ›› Read more dry ice blasting solutions for industry What do you lose if you don't use original Cold Jet dry ice blasting equipment? ›› Learn more How much is it costing you to not switch to dry ice blasting? ›› Learn more Concerned about ISO 14001? What is the environmental standard, and how does your cleaning method measure up? ›› Learn more More questions? What do you want to know? Let Cold Jet help you find the answers to your cleaning or dry ice production questions. ›› Find answers Looking for something on our old site? Click here. Answers Careers @ Cold Jet Why Cold Jet? Cold Jet History Cold Jet vs the competition How to compare systems What our Customers say What is Dry Ice Blasting? Cleaning comparison Environmental facts Dry Ice Blasting FAQ Cold Jet Products Cleaning Solutions Aero 40FP Aero 80FP Elite 20 Xcel 6 Aero C100 i³ MicroClean SDI Select 60 Dry Ice Manufacturing P3000 PR120H PR350H PR750H R3000 SL1000H Global Headquarters Cold Jet 455 Wards Corner Loveland, OH 45140, USA Contact Us Global Office Locations... © 2019 Cold Jet | Offices in the US, Canada, Mexico, Europe, Japan and China Home | Site Map | Legal | Privacy Policy Special Offers 