Daniluk Machine Tool Rebuilding, Retrofits and Remanufacturing of Machine Tools. Begin Container Begin Masthead   End Masthead Begin Page Content Begin Sidebar Home About Us HBM VBM - VTL Lathe Machine Rebuilding Photo Gallery Before and After Photo Gallery New Machine Designs Grinding Services Machining Services High Pressure Coolant Systems Contact End Sidebar Begin Content #BeginEditable "content"   Learn more about The Daniluk Corporation. Cincinnati Milacron 18C Lathe Image 11 Gisholt 5L Lathe Image 93 G&L 28C 4-Axis Lathe Image 96 Motch 235 Twin Spindle Image 15 Pratt & Whitney Star Turn 12 60 Image 21 Carlton Traveling Column HBM Image 26 Large Heyligenstaedt Lathe Image 30 Mazak Powermaster Lathe Image 33 J&L Lathe Image 34 Cincinnati 4 Axis Lathe Image 29 Cincinnati 24U x 144 Image 31 Monarch Engine Lathe Image 13 Cincinnati Lathe Image 14 Cincinnati 24U x 144 Image 16 Cincinnati Cinturn Lathe Image 18 Bullard 72 inch Tool Changer Image 22 G&L 10HS Machining Center Image 24 Colchester Engine Lathe Image 27 Cincinnati 20V Machining Center Image 28 Monarch Engine Lathe Image 32 Cincinnati 24U x 144 Image 35 K&T Horizontal Boring Mill Image 20 Machine Tool Remanufacturing The Daniluk Corporation is the leading rebuilder of large machine tools in the United States. Our in-house engineering, machining, way grinding and highly trained machine rebuilding technicians offer the best machine rebuild program available. Daniluk has an extensive experience in medium to large machine tool rebuilding. One or our specialities is to convert manual machines to full CNC including upgrading the drive system to the latest technology in precision ball screws and servo systems. All remanufacturing processes are controlled in-house at our Oklahoma City facility. Our processes include full re-engineering of the machine tool, by investigating historical problems a machine has had we make engineering upgrades to eliminate these and improve the machine functionality and accuracy. Major focuses include safety, maintainability, ergonomics, energy conservation, increase machine accuracy and dependability. With improved speeds, feeds and machine accuracy and repeatabilty the productivity on equipment increases significantly. A typical machine remanufacture includes: Complete disassembly to individual component Full inspection of all parts to OEM and industrial standards Sand blast and painting Precision grinding of ways Complete rebuild of headstock including replacement of all bearings, seals and clutches Complete rebuild of tool changers including all new bearings, seals and other wear parts. Complete rebuild of all axis drive systems including all replacement of ball screws and bearings Redesign of the ballscrews and drives (new ballscrew bearings and seals) Installation of TurciteÂ® wear material on all moving surfaces New way wipers New CNC controls, axis drives and spindle drive Complete new electrical system Complete new hydraulic system Complete new way lube system New chip conveyer Part cut run-off test at Daniluk and customer Installation assistance Operator / maintenance training Full documentation including hard copy and electronic of mechanical / electrical / hydraulic 1 year full coverage warranty on all mechanical and a 2 year full coverage warranty on controls Danco Daniluk also builds new vertical boring mills, precision grinders and new specialty machines that are manufactured at our facility under the trade name DANCO. img alt="danco" src="images/image571.jpg"##### commenter out / #EndEditable End Content End Page Content Begin Footer Home | About Us | HBM | VBM-VTL | Lathe | Machine Rebuilding | Photo Gallery | Before and After Photo Gallery | New Machine Designs | Grinding Services | Machining Services | High Pressure Systems | Contact | Site Map Copyright © 1998 The Daniluk Corporation. All Rights Reserved. End Footer End Container 