Piranha Metal Fabrication Equipment by MegaFab | We Build Things That Build Things Call Today: 800-338-5471 Dealers 0 Items Home Machines Special Offers Ironworkers Plasma Tables Combination Punch Plasma Fiber LASER Press Brakes Shears Bending Rolls Single End Punch Portable Presses CNC Fabricators Tooling Ironworker & Portable Tooling Combination Tooling Custom & Special Tooling Order Tooling About Support Contact Select Page Piranha Ironworkers Piranha hydraulic ironworker machines give metal fabricators outstanding quality and innovative features. Every Piranha provides quality work, savings in set-up time, adaptability and versatility through a wide range of tooling and factory engineering and support. See Our Ironworker Machine Build and Testing Process . Learn More Plasma Tables Starting at $14,995! Piranha’s latest Plasma Table line introduces an even more affordable plasma table. The Piranha B-Series Plasma Table is perfect for your hobby to light industrial cutting needs. NEW B-Series Plasma Tables Starting at $14,995 Learn More Piranha Hydraulic Press Brakes EasyCrown Makes Accuracy Automatic Eliminate guesswork and rework with a CNC press brake crowning system that automatically compensates for deflection through hydraulic cylinders in the bed. Learn More Piranha-Whitney LASER So fast, it’s almost like time travel. Piranha-Whitney fiber laser cutting machines are packed with exclusive technology to blow your current production speeds out of the water. Learn More Piranha-Whitney Punch-Plasma MORE PARTS PER HOUR. PERIOD. Producing complex, thick parts with multiple steps can take a lot of time when done on a series of machines. That’s why fabricators worldwide turn to Piranha-Whitney Punch Plasma Combination machines to produce three times as many parts per day, at one third the cost. Learn More Piranha Bending Rolls Piranha-Bertsch bending rolls are designed and built to accurately form metal from gauge thickness through 14″ thick and larger, and can be custom designed to meet specific applications. Learn More Tooling for Every Need Genuine Piranha tooling is available for all makes and models of ironworkers, portable presses, and punching machines. Standard sizes of tooling are in stock and available for same-day shipment . Learn More Proud USA Manufacturer of Metal Fabrication Equipment Since 1879 Our brands, Piranha, Whitney, and Bertsch have manufactured metal fabrication equipment a very long time, and our experience shows! Our lines include fabrication machines as follows: Hydraulic Ironworker Machines Plasma Tables Hydraulic Press Brakes Hydraulic Shears Fiber LASER Combination Punch Plasma Bending Rolls Portable Presses Single-End Punch Press CNC Fabricators Request More Information Proud USA Manufacturer of Metal Fabrication Equipment Since 1879 Our brands, Piranha, Whitney, and Bertsch have manufactured metal fabrication equipment a very long time, and our experience shows! Our lines include fabrication machines as follows: Hydraulic Ironworker Machines Plasma Tables Hydraulic Press Brakes Hydraulic Shears Fiber LASER Combination Punch Plasma Bending Rolls Portable Presses Single-End Punch CNC Fabricators Request More Information Piranha is serious about making your metal fabrication shop run better! The goal at Piranha is to improve your production efficiency by speeding your production, increasing your accuracy, and reducing your fabrication cost. Our lines of metal fabrication machinery will help you deliver the highest quality with greater profits. Piranha solutions include fiber LASERs, punch-plasma combination machines, plasma cutting machines, heavy-duty hydraulic bending rolls, ironworkers, press brakes, plasma tables, and an extensive line of machine tooling. Our team is constantly at work to find new solutions that produce more precise parts, in the least amount of time. We believe in hard work and being great to our clients. We believe in value and durability. Our reputation is at stake with every machine we deliver. We promise to take care of you. Click on the categories below to learn more ways Piranha can help your metal fabrication operation run smoother, with lower cost, and more accuracy. Piranha Machine Lines Hydraulic Ironworker Machines Plasma Tables HD Plasma Tables Hydraulic Press Brakes Hydraulic Shears Thermal Metal Cutting Fiber LASER Combination Punch Plasma Bending Rolls Portable Presses Single End Punch CNC Fabricators Leasing and Financial Considerations Equipment Leasing Information Piranha is here to help you make your shop run better, and that includes making your acquisition easier, too. Here is some leasing information to help get you started. Some of our abilities include: $750,000.00 same day application only program , 100% financing , first payment delay for 6 months (optional) . Please do not hesitate to contact us for more information . Leasing Information (Under $50k) Leasing Information (Over $50k) Credit Application What About New Tax Incentives? USA businesses have big new incentives to acquire and install capital equipment. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 made significant changes to both Section 179 and bonus depreciation which, when used together, may allow businesses to deduct up to 100% of capital purchases. Big Tax Changes: Section 179 • Deduction limit increased from $500,000 to $1,000,000 • Phase-out threshold increased from $2,000,000 to $2,500,000 Bonus Depreciation • Level increased from 50% to 100% and remains at that level for five years. Section 179 & Bonus Depreciation Combined • Total expensing increased from 50% of total spending to unlimited for new equipment. Speak to a qualified tax professional familiar with your specific business circumstances. Extensive Tooling Lines Our tooling offerings include: Ironworker Tooling Portable Tooling Combination Tooling Custom Tooling Special Tooling Piranha offers tooling for our machines, as well as the brands listed here. BUFFALO™ MACHINES BULLY™ MACHINES CLAUSING™ MACHINES CLEVELAND STEEL TOOL™ MACHINES CONTROLLED AUTOMATION™ MACHINES DAVCO™ MACHINES EDWARDS™ MACHINES FICEP™ MACHINES FRANKLIN™ MACHINES GAIRU™ MACHINES GEKA™ MACHINES HAWTHORNE™ MACHINES HENDLEY & WHITTEMORE™ MACHINE HILL-ACME™ MACHINES HYDRAULIC MACHINES (HMI) IRONCRAFTER™ MACHINES KINGSLAND™ MACHINES KLING™ MACHINES METAL MUNCHER™ MACHINES MUBEA™ MACHINES OMERA™ MACHINES OMES™ MACHINES PEDDINGHAUS™ MACHINES PROMOCO™ MACHINES SCOTCHMAN™ MACHINES SPARTAN™ MACHINES UNI-HYDRO™ MACHINES W.A. WHITNEY™ MACHINES Professional Training Training Options include those listed here, and additional training as needed. Contact us to learn how we can help keep your operation running at its best!   Machine Operation and Maintenance for New Users This class is designed to provide first-time users of Piranha machines with basic information about machine operation and maintenance. Training includes an introduction to the major machine components and their functions. Practical experience includes machine setup and operation, preventive maintenance and simple diagnostics testing. Machine Programming This course is designed to help programmers and operators understand how to solve problems related to machine code. Training includes an introduction to the major machine components and their functions. Practical experience includes writing machine code without a programming system. Technical Support Our goal at Piranha is to ensure the highest quality of service to our valued customers. A new Customer Service Support Center has been implemented to enhance customer response time and guarantee that all technical support requests are tracked and recorded in a permanent database. With this system, we are able to effectively measure our response to you, capture historical data about your machines, and create a solutions library for machine service issues. Along with this Customer Service enhancement, Piranha has expanded our Customer Service group, to include regional staff, stationed in key areas throughout the United States. Machine Performance Audits Even the best machine needs a tune-up once in a while to keep producing at top capacity! Fine-tune your older machine with the least amount of downtime, and the smallest amount of shop floor interruption. Piranha offers complete Machine Performance Audits, where an experienced engineer inspects your machine and provides a roadmap to increasing and maintaining your accuracy and productivity. Receive a written report detailing maintenance or repair recommendations, required parts and an estimate of hours to complete the work. Maximum Performance Plans Our customer service department is available to perform preventive maintenance at regular intervals to ensure that your machine is kept in good running condition. These visits are available at nominal cost, and can also be used to perform additional training, and to review operational procedures so that you get the most out of your machine. Probably the one thing that’s been as satisfying to us as anything is the tolerances we’ve been able to hold. We’re able to cut the I.D. and O.D. and punch before we machine the parts. It has saved us a tremendous amount of time. Kris Boles President, Wilco Machine & Fab., Inc. If you’re looking for a big plate processing machine, productivity-wise, you’re not going to produce more parts on anything else. We like running 1 inch plate on the 4400 because there is nothing that will cut 1 inch plate better than that. Vance Stinnett Manufacturing Engineering Manager, Great Plains Manufacturing, Inc. When it comes to customer service, Piranha is going to be tough to beat. Michael Dodson Fabrication Supervisor, SleepSafe Beds Piranha Machines Hydraulic Ironworker Machines Piranha P-50 Piranha P-65 Piranha P-90 Piranha P-110 Piranha P-140 All Ironworker Machines Ironworker Build and Testing Plasma Tables HD Plasma Tables Hydraulic Press Brakes Hydraulic Shears Thermal Metal Cutting Fiber LASER (1kW to 12kW) High Power Fiber LASER (2kW, 4kW, 6kW, 12kW) Combination Punch Plasma Bending Rolls Portable Presses Single-End Punch CNC Fabricators     Piranha Tooling Ironworker Tooling Ironworker Attachments Portable Tooling Combination Tooling Custom Tooling Special Tooling Piranha Documentation Service Manuals Punch Tonnage Calculator Helpful Tools Piranha Video Archives Ironworker Machines Plasma Tables Fiber LASER High Power Fiber LASER Press Brakes & Shears Combination Punch-Plasma Piranha YouTube Channel Piranha Training Request Training My Courses Finance/Leasing Finance and Leasing Information Employment Opportunities Current Job Openings Contact Piranha 650 Race St. P.O. Box 1206 Rockford IL 61105, USA Phone: 800-338-5471 Email: click here to email Follow Follow Follow Trademarks displayed on this page are the sole property of their respective owners. © Copyright 2018 Mega Manufacturing, Creators of the Iconic Piranha Hydraulic Ironworker Machine - All Rights Reserved Call: 800-338-5471 | Request Price Quote This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this. Read More Continue Privacy & Cookies Policy Privacy Overview This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are as essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser. You have the option to opt-out of these cookies, but opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience. Privacy Overview This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are as essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser. You have the option to opt-out of these cookies, but opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience. Necessary Always Enabled Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information. Non-necessary Non-necessary Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. 