True Precision Corporation - Designers and Manufacturers of Specialty Tools & Gages                       T rue P recision C orporation I ndianapolis, IN  USA www.TruePrecisionCorp.com   Exclusive Manufacturer of : M ulti-Ball ™ Internal Thread Micrometer The M ulti-Ball ™ internal thread micrometer is a new instrument for measuring the size of an internal thread.  It is very small and light weight making it easy to use even where space limitations restrict the use of other instruments. It is completely self contained so that the purchase dial indicators and other accessories is not necessary. It never requires any set-up or assembly so it is always ready for immediate use. The M ulti-Ball ™ micrometer patented design utilizes 3 balls as contact elements.  By turning the friction thimble the balls are rolled into contact with the work piece.  Since they are free floating they will never develop flats or wear unevenly.  Unlike other types of gages the  M ulti-Ball ™ micrometer contact elements can be positioned anywhere along the thread. The most common locations are at 180º and 120º.   Calibration is performed in a matter of seconds by adjusting the calibration sleeve on the micrometer to correspond with the size of a solid setting-ring. M ulti-Ball ™ Internal Thread Location Gage The M ulti-Ball ™ internal thread location gage is a new type of gage used to measure the location and orientation of an internal thread axis.  It works by aligning itself with the theoretical pitch cylinder axis of the screw thread.  When in position the M ulti-Ball ™ gage provides a precision cylindrical surface that can be accurately measured by coordinate measuring machines (CMM), dial indicators, and other inspection equipment. Unlike other types of location gages the M ulti-Ball ™ location gage is mechanically engaged.  It has 2 patterns of 3 balls spaced 120º apart located at each end of the threaded portion of the sleeve.  After positioning the gage in the threaded hole, the pin is turned causing the balls to roll into contact with the work piece thread flanks.  The pin centers itself inside the pattern of 6 balls aligning the pin axis with the thread pitch cylinder axis.  The balls in the M ulti-Ball ™ gage are the only parts that contact the work piece thread flanks.  This makes the M ulti-Ball ™ gage totally independent of all work piece features except for the pitch cylinder axis.  Accurate location and orientation of the thread axis can be determined even when the adjacent part surfaces are not square with the thread.  The gage is easily removed without any resistance by turning the pin counterclockwise. See the Frequently Asked Questions page for more information. CONTACT INFORMATION         Telephone: 317-899-0899                    Fax: 317-899-5374   Postal Address: True Precision Corporation                             831 South Post Road                             Indianapolis, IN  46239   Electronic mail: General Information/Sales:   Copyright © 2001-2004 True Precision Corporation ALL RIGHTS RESERVED Last modified: webbot bot="TimeStamp" s-type="EDITED" s-format="%B %d, %Y" startspan November 09, 2004 webbot bot="TimeStamp" endspan i-checksum="39604" webbot bot="Navigation" S-Type="children" S-Orientation="horizontal" S-Rendering="graphics" B-Include-Home B-Include-Up U-Page S-Target startspan [  How Is It Used  ] [  Usage Instructions  ] [  Custom Micrometers  ] [  Custom Location Gages  ] [  Contact Us  ] [  Location Gage FAQ  ] [  Press Release  ] webbot bot="Navigation" endspan i-checksum="61256"   