Deep Hole Drilling, Deep Drilling Tools, Deep Drilling Machine, Subcontracting Deep Hole Imprint | Data Privacy Policy               MAIN NAVIGATION Home TBT profile About TBT Agencies Agencies "Machines" Agencies "Tools" Press Terms + Conditions TBT movies Procedures Drilling procedures Key features Machines Machine types ML-Series: Horizontal Machines - Multi Spindle B-Series: Large Horizontal Machines BW220-Series: Milling-/Deep Hole Drilling Centers BW250-Series: Milling-/Deep Hole Drilling Centers BW-Series: Deep Hole Drilling Centers Dies Machines for Production of Pellets Individual Solutions: Special Machines Used Machines Machine Service Spare Parts + Retrofit Agencies Worldwide Contact "Sales" Tools Single-Lip Drill 48 h Express Service Stock Range Single Lip Drill with Indexable Inserts Double-Lip Drill High-Speed Tools Special Tools Tool Accessories Grinding Machines Enquiry/Order Contact "Tools" Agencies Worldwide Sub-Contract Range of Services Contact Sub-Contract Exhibitions Contact Contact TBT Point of Contact Agencies Agencies "Machines" Agencies "Tools" Approach Imprint Data Privacy Policy //MAIN NAVIGATION START REVOLUTION SLIDER 4.6.5 b1 fullwidth mode SLIDE 1 MAIN IMAGE LAYERS LAYER NR. 1 Deep Hole Drilling Machines, Tools and Services SLIDE 2 MAIN IMAGE LAYERS LAYER NR. 1 TBT: Deep Hole Drilling Tools and Machines SLIDE 3 MAIN IMAGE LAYERS LAYER NR. 1 TBT: Deep Hole Drilling Machines - Technology made in Germany SLIDE 4 MAIN IMAGE LAYERS LAYER NR. 1 TBT - Deep Hole Drilling Machines and Tools - Worldwide SLIDE 5 MAIN IMAGE LAYERS LAYER NR. 1 TBT Tiefbohrtechnik - Deep Hole Drilling Machines and Tools SLIDE 6 MAIN IMAGE LAYERS LAYER NR. 1 TBT Tiefbohrtechnik - Worldwide Services SLIDE 7 MAIN IMAGE LAYERS LAYER NR. 1 Crankshaft Machining - Special Machines - Deep Hole Centers SLIDE 8 MAIN IMAGE LAYERS LAYER NR. 1 Deep Hole Drilling Tools - Express-Service - High-Speed Tools SLIDE 9 MAIN IMAGE LAYERS LAYER NR. 1 Deep Hole Drilling Machines, Tools and Sub-Contract Drilling END REVOLUTION SLIDER Check masonry layout Title TBT Tiefbohrtechnik – Solutions from one source! Feature End Title post_meta With our deep hole drilling machines and the appropriate deep hole drilling tools as well as our service for sub-contract deep hole drilling we are a competent partner for our customers – since 1966. Check masonry layout <div class="TzItemsRow cols- "> Check first and last Check first and last Check masonry layout Title Deep Hole Drilling Machines Feature End Title post_meta Sales and Services – Worldwide Deep Hole Drilling Machines ML-Series Horizontal machines – multi spindle For all ML-machines there are standard as well as customer specific solutions for the automatic loading and unloading of the workpieces available. In addition to the gundrilling and BTA deep hole drilling process, the ML-machines offer versions for the use of high speed single-lip tools or twist drills. Deep hole drilling processes with minimum quantity lubrication are also available.  » more B-Series Large horizontal machines The latest generation of machine beds of steel and reinforced concrete offers the highest rigidity and vibration dampening, which exceeds all cast iron designs. The inclined/slant machine bed design offers also optimum accessibility for the operator and an unrestricted oil/coolant return. » more BW220-Series   Milling-/deep hole drilling centers Fully Automated:  Deep Hole Drilling / Milling / Threading The main features of the BW220 are its compactness and accessibility. The milling and drilling spindles are arranged separately. » more BW250-Series Milling-/deep hole drilling centers Fully Automated: Deep Hole Drilling / Milling / Threading The BW250-series provides with its optional tool change systems a high level of productivity. Conventional tools as well as long deep hole drilling tools can be changed automatically without manual intervention. » more BW-Series Deep hole drilling centers For machining of heat exchanger plates, our delivery scope includes drilling centers with horizontal arranged spindle as well as vertical spindle in portal.  » more Dies Machines for the Production of Pellet Production of pellets e.g. for feed, wood, waste, etc.  Available in different technical versions and various installation positions. » more Individual Solutions Special machines If your requirement cannot be covered by our standard machine program, special adaptations to our standard machines are another option. Using the base modules of our existing standard machines we can offer special purpose machines customised to suit your requirements. Typical examples are the deep hole drilling of cylinder heads or cylinder blocks.. » more Used Machines In addition to our new machines we are offering used machines from TBT, NAGEL, GKT, SIG and Heidenreich & Harbeck. The machines are sometimes available from stock. We will be glad to present you an offer for the purchase of your deep hole drilling machine, if it is from one of the above mentioned manufacturers. » more "Retrofit" In the case of retrofitting, our name stands for highest quality. At TBT you will get the complete warranty for parts as well as for the work carried out. Optionally we offer also static acceptances. » more Check masonry layout <span class="row-separator"></span> </div> <div class="TzItemsRow cols- "> Check first and last Check first and last Check masonry layout Title TBT-Deep Hole Drilling Tools Feature End Title post_meta Sales and Services – Worldwide Deep Hole Drilling Tools Delivery time deep hole drills from 3 weeks +++ Please also refer to our stock range and our express service +++ Single-Lip-Drills 0,7 - 50 mm Single-lip drills are available in different designs. The main differences are single-lip drills with brazed-on drill heads, solid carbide single-lip drills and the latest technology: the high speed single-lip drills. » more 48 h Express-Service Gun drills available in diameter range starting from 2,5 mm up to 13,50 mm and OAL up to 1500 mm. The tools are uncoated and available in diameter steps of 0,1 mm. We will produce the tools within 48 hours. » more Stock Range Stock range of solid Carbide gun drills:  Available range from Ø 2,00 mm to Ø 6,00 mm in steps of 1 mm. Each diameter is available for drilling depths of 35xD, 45xD and 55xD. The drills are equipped with a plain cylindrical driver Ø 10x40x55 mm. Stock range of gun drills with brazed carbide tip:  We offer a large variety in terms of length and diameter from our stock. The tools are stocked without driver. Upon order the tools will be equipped with the requested driver and prepared for shipment. » more Single-Lip-Drill with Indexable Inserts: WP-ELB-Series 10 With the TBT deep hole drilling tools with indexable inserts you get a powerful system designed for high chip volume for use on machining centers and deep hole drilling machines. » more Double-Lip-Drill 4 - 25 mm The particular advantage of our double-lip drills are the high feed rates attainable in short-chipping materials, compared to the single-lip tools. » more High-Speed-Tools Innovative TBT high-speed cutting edge geometry, precision-ground tool surface and ultra smooth coating due to own top finishing allows for feed speeds of up to factor 5 compared with conventional carbide single-lip drills. We will be happy to provide further information on request. » more Special Tools Within our delivery program we also have a wide variety of special tools. The range of tools covers a spectrum ranging from step-drills, counter-boring tools up to change-able/indexable insert drills. » more Tool Accessories Our range of products is comple-ted by the corresponding tool- and machining accessories. We offer a wide variety of grinding devices and tool length setting instruments as well as shrinking devices. » more Grinding Machines Various regrinding devices allow you to regrind your single-lip drill yourself. Our many years of experience in this area have been positively invested in the design and production of our grinding machines, jigs and associated accessories. » more Check masonry layout <span class="row-separator"></span> </div> <div class="TzItemsRow cols- "> Check first and last Check first and last Check masonry layout Title Sub-Contract Drilling Feature End Title post_meta Our service: sub contract drilling at several facilities With several locations the sub-contract drilling is an important factor of our success. Our customers value in particular the accuracy and the reliability, with which we work on the sub-contract orders. The basis for which, are our highly qualifi ed employees and our mechanical equipment from our own production. We offer from individual production (low volume) up to serial production (high volume) with automatic loading system. » more Check masonry layout <span class="row-separator"></span> </div> TBT Tiefbohrtechnik GmbH + Co Siemensstraße 1 72581 Dettingen / Erms Germany Telephone: +49 7123 976-0 Fax: +49 7123 976-200 E-Mail: info@tbt.de Web: www.tbt.de © 2018 TBT Tiefbohrtechnik GmbH + Co START: Sliders Deep Hole Drilling Machines Deep Hole Drilling Machines ML-Series: Horizontal Machines - Multi Spindle B-Series: Large Horizontal Machines BW220-Series: Milling-/Deep Hole Drilling Centers BW250-Series: Milling-/Deep Hole Drilling Centers BW-Series: Deep Hole Drilling Centers Dies machines for the procuction of pellet Individual Solutions: Special Machines Used Machines Machine Service Spare Parts + Retrofit Agencies Worldwide Contact "Sales" END: Sliders START: Sliders Deep Hole Drilling Tools Deep Hole Drilling Tools Single-Lip Drill 48 h Express Service Stock Range Single Lip Drill with Indexable Inserts Double-Lip Drill High-Speed Tools Special Tools Tool Accessories Grinding Machines Enquiry/Order Contact "Tools" Agencies Worldwide END: Sliders START: Sliders Sub-Contract Deep Hole Drilling Sub-Contract Deep Hole Drilling Range of Services Contact Sub-Contract END: Sliders START: Sliders The Company The Company About TBT Agencies Press Terms + Conditions END: Sliders Terms & Conditions Imprint Data Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions 