Drake Chillers - The Leader in the Chiller Industry Applications Brewery Dairy Food Processing Medical Refrigeration Comfort Cooling Low Temp Industrial Products What We Do Packaged Air-Cooled Packaged Water-Cooled Split System Air-Cooled More Than Tanks About Us Who is Drake? Meet the Team Find A Representative Contact Partners News Tech Support Request a Quote Applications Brewery Dairy Food Processing Medical Refrigeration Comfort Cooling Low Temp Industrial Products What We Do Packaged Air-Cooled Packaged Water-Cooled Split System Air-Cooled More Than Tanks About Us Who is Drake? Meet the Team Find A Representative Contact Partners News Tech Support Request a Quote style below blocks out the mobile nav toggle only when nav is loaded You don't produce ordinary beer, so why settle for an off-the-shelf chiller Learn More industrial process cooling brought straight to the farm   Learn More cold water...without the ice   Learn More SAVING A LIFE IS A 24/7 JOB, AND OUR CHILLERS WILL KEEP IT THAT WAY Learn More KEEPING COOL WITHOUT ALL OF THAT REFRIGERANT   Learn More WE TAKE THE HEAT SO YOU DON'T HAVE TO   Learn More low temp chillers don't have to be complicated..but sometimes they are   Learn More in the heat of production, drake chillers keep your equipment cool   learn more END .sqs-gallery-meta-container   Brewery Dairy Food Process Medical Comfort Cooling Refrigeration Low Temp Industrial Custom Solutions for your Process needs   At Drake Refrigeration, we strive to provide high quality, engineered cooling solutions to a variety of end markets. Our many years of experience gives us a large library of tools and configurations designed to solve even the most complex cooling needs. So whether you are crafting a private label brewery, creating luscious pastries,  or launching a payload into space, Drake has the solution.   Please click here to download a pdf of our Company Overview Brochure             how to chill Learn how  a standardized industrial chiller is made and understand the science behind it. Learn More → who we are Meet the perfectionists behind our industrial chillers. We take pride in our customers' satisfaction. Learn More→   what you want Check out what process chiller you need for your company. Learn More → What is new Keep yourself updated with Drake. Learn More → our business partners END .sqs-gallery-meta-container   Brewery       Dairy        Food Processing        Medical       Low Temp       Comfort Cooling        Refrigeration       Industrial How It Works        Our Products        About Us        News       Contact       Tech Support        Copyright © Industrial Residential Process Chiller Applications by Drake Refrigeration Inc. 2019 All Rights Reserved Back to Top Google Tag Manager (noscript) End Google Tag Manager (noscript) 