Norton Sandblasting Equipment Home Page Search: The RPB® C40™ can cool incoming air by up to 52°F (29°C) or heat it by up to 33°F (18°C). Buy Online More Information (PDF) United States Government Agencies DUNS 06-342-2810    CAGE 3L-815 Norton Sandblasting Equipment has provided industrial blast equipment and supplies to the United States Government for more than 35 years. U.S. Government inquiries: govsales@nortonsandblasting.com GSA Contract# 47QSWA19D001U Rick's Restorations When Rick Dale needed to upgrade his sandblaster, he called on Norton Sandblasting Equipment. Dave Norton stopped by to meet Rick and the American Restoration crew when he was in Las Vegas for a trade show. We look forward to continuing to work with them in the future to provide equipment and techniques to help resolve their restoration blasting challenges. Corporate member of the Society for Protective Coatings (SSPC) Journal of Protective Coatings and Linings Moisture in your compressed air is a big problem! It makes the abrasive in your blast machine damp or wet, causing the abrasive flow from the machine to be uneven and reduce or even completely block media flow. The operator may need to open the media valve to get more grit, thus wasting the grit. Moist abrasive media can adhere to the internal components of the blaster, and when it dries, it can be difficult to remove! We have solutions! Click here to view our "No Job Too Small" Brochure (pdf) Sandblasting Portable Blasters Blast Cabinets Blast Rooms Abrasives / Media / Grit Specialty Blasters Airless Blasters Baking Soda Blasters Dry Ice Blasters Laser Cleaning Sponge Blasters Wet Blasting Safety Equipment RPB® Nova ™ Blast Hoods/ Helmets Blast Suits, Gloves, Safety Glasses & More Co Monitors Paint and Chemical Hoods Parts & Accessories Nova 3 ™ Parts Nova 2000 ™ Parts Nova ™ Parts and Accessories Schmidt® Parts Clemco® Parts Empire® Parts Nozzles Couplings for Hose Valves MBX ™ Brush Belts Other Equipment Air Compressors Vacuum Systems Power Tools Dust & Fume Collectors Dry Air Information Buy Online Purchase Information Used Items For Sale Contact Norton Specials & Deals Articles Join Newsletter Rental Equipment Website Guide   Norton Sandblasting Equipment Knowledgeable Staff Since 1973 We supply many types and sizes of sandblasting equipment and sandblast supplies, including: abrasives / blast media, blast rooms, nozzles, couplings, sand blast cabinets, abrasive blasting equipment, portable blasters, dust and fume collectors, blast machines, parts washers, sponge blast, dry ice blasters, baking soda blast cleaning systems, air supplied helmets / hoods, hose, vacuum systems, safety equipment, wet blasters, personal protective equipment (PPE), power tools, reclaim systems, and much more. We're leading in automation and robotic technologies. We offer quality commercial sand blasting equipment for sale at affordable prices. We sell industrial blast equipment and replacement parts from industry leaders such as RPB® Nova™, Schmidt® Axxiom, Empire®, Clemco®, Monti® MBX™, Sponge-Jet®, Nederman®, Adapt Laser®, and Ice-Tech.® When should you replace your breathing air filter? Generally, the filter cartridge should be replaced after a period of 3 months based on a 40 hr week. The filter cartridge must be replaced immediately if the following exist: The presence of odor and/or tastes in the air being supplied to the respirator. Presence of moisture at the outlet fittings. Large pressure drop across the filter. Click here to buy Blast Pot Restoration Does your current blast pot need replacement parts or restoration? We have what you need to make your blast pot look and function like new again. Click here for details.   RPB® Nova 3 ™ Air-Fed Blast Hoods RPB® Nova 2000 ™ Respirator Blast Helmets Surface Preparation For Various Substrate Materials Let us help you with all your surface preparation equipment and supply needs- create an anchor pattern or remove paint, rust, mold, coatings, grease, contaminants, soot, burrs, flash, scale, water deposits, carbon, casting material and more from metal, wood, brick, stone, glass, concrete, etc. We can help you with your toughest abrasive or cleaning challenge.       Click here for information about Paint Booths by Global Finishing Solutions   Copyright © 2019 Norton Sandblasting Equipment   Toll Free: (800) 366 - 4341   Phone: (757) 548 - 4842  Fax:  (757) 547 - 9597 1006 Executive Blvd., Chesapeake, VA 23320     7:30 am - 4:30 pm U.S. Eastern Time Monday - Friday E-mail: info@nortonsandblasting.com Norton Sandblasting Equipment offers blast equipment, abrasives, supplies, parts and accessories for sale and select blast equipment is available for rent. We service most equipment that we sell or rent. We do not offer blasting services. Images and content on this web site were created by or for Norton Sandblasting Equipment. Unauthorized reproduction, distribution, or attempts to use image or content without written permission will result in legal action. Prices shown on our web site are subject to change without notice.   