Advanced Carbide Tooling – UK Supplier of Nine9, Mircona and ACT2.2 Skip to content Call ACT on 01455 234000 About ACT ISO Certification The ACT Group Blog Cookies Legal Terms Help centre Contact Login £ 0.00 No products in the cart. Cart No products in the cart. Home SHOP Nine9 NC helix drill Spot drills Corner rounding cutters Chamfering cutters Engraving tools Super drills Super power drills i-centre NC high speed deburring Nine9 catalogue Sloky tools Mircona Face grooving Parting off and grooving Slot and groove Modified grooving inserts Special purpose tooling Mircona catalogue Mircona specials Modified inserts Modified tool holders Manufacturing from scratch ACT 2.2 Sliding head Lubricants × New from Nine9 NC HELIX DRILLS For milling, drilling and slotting applications Read more » BUY NOW » Nine9 brochure » Mircona brochure » Dieterle brochure » SLOKY brochure » Call ACT on 01455 234000 Problem solving indexable carbide cutting tools As a specialist cutting tool provider, with over 30 years’ experience, ACT has built a reputation for providing solutions to a variety of tooling requirements in areas often regarded as special applications by the industry. ACT offers a large range of standard, innovative, cost effective tooling from stock, that is technically imaginative and to high quality, providing real machining time savings. ACT offers a comprehensive range of grooving tooling – both standard off the shelf and manufactured to customer requirements – for applications from internal, external and face grooves, to dovetail grooves and customer special requirements. Contact ACT » Buy online » The current product range includes tools and holders for drilling , fast de-burring , milling , engraving , combined spotting and chamfering , spot / chamfer drills , iCenter drilling , corner rounding and chamfering – plus the SLOKY torque screwdriver range .   Latest from Advanced Carbide Tooling High Speed De-burring Tools ACT Takes the ‘Edge Off’ With New Nine-9 De-Burring Line           [...] 21 Feb New sliding head tooling with interchangeable inserts Introducing the Dieterle EcoStar external machining tool range for Sliding Head Automatic Machines Renowned German [...] 09 Feb ‘One Tool’ that Performs Multiple Operations Rough milling, drilling and slotting – all from the same tool Nine9 is now renowned [...] 10 Nov New corner rounding tools from Nine9 Small diameter rounding tools Since the recent launch of its series of corner rounding cutting [...] 26 Jan Engraving tools range extended Geometry and grade combination The Nine9 engraving range now offers geometry and grade combination, to [...] 26 Jan Super Saver – Extended till end February 2017 SLOKY KIT  – ONLY £95 We are extending our popular Promotion for the Sloky Torque [...] 01 Jan About ACT Blog Cookies Legal Terms Help centre Contact Copyright 2017 © Advanced Carbide Tooling Ltd . Home SHOP Nine9 NC helix drill Spot drills Corner rounding cutters Chamfering cutters Engraving tools Super drills Super power drills i-centre NC high speed deburring Nine9 catalogue Sloky tools Mircona Face grooving Parting off and grooving Slot and groove Modified grooving inserts Special purpose tooling Mircona catalogue Mircona specials Modified inserts Modified tool holders Manufacturing from scratch ACT 2.2 Sliding head Lubricants About ACT ISO Certification The ACT Group Blog Cookies Legal Terms Help centre Contact Login Login Username or email address  * Password  * Log in Remember me Lost your password? 