Material Handling | Jenco Jenco Materials for Plastics Processing, Pharmaceutical, Food, Chemical and Water Treatment Industries Home About us Overview Vacancies Products & Solutions Jenco has been providing materials handling solutions to the Plastics Processing Industry for 50 Years. Our knowledge of your industry and our Design Expertise and Manufacturing Capabilities make Jenco the natural choice to satisfy your materials handling needs. Our continuous commitment to support customers and their requirements are demonstrated by our ability to provide the flexible manufacturing of systems and equipment to suit the customer’s needs, conveying trials and demonstrations can also be arranged in our test facility in Northamptonshire. With innovative and continuous development when conveying difficult materials in a range of process conditions, Jenco has become a market leader supplying leading manufacturers in the plastics, food, pharmaceutical and chemical industries. Plastics You can add some text here to open the page and add some general text by way of introduction but we can’t add images etc in here. Material Conveying Hopper ladders, vacuum conveying, proportioning valves, control systems and more. Over 100 different products Central Feed Systems Weighing Systems Material Drying A complete range of dehimidifying and dessicant dryers. Over 30 different products. Blenders – Gravimetric Gravimetric blenders, batch blenders, loss-in-weight blenders and accessories.Choose from 8 different models. Dosing Units Sample text here, with lots of lovely keywords and key phrases all adding to Over 20 different products. Granulators & Shredders Sample text here, with lots of lovely keywords and key phrases all adding to 30 solutions for different materials Material Storage & Discharging Sample text here, with lots of lovely keywords and key phrases all adding to 20 different solutions to suit your space. Belt Conveyors & Part Separation Sample text here, with lots of lovely keywords and key phrases all adding to. See our configurator for your ideal spec. Magnetic Separation & Metal Detection Sample text here, with lots of lovely keywords and key phrases all adding to 8 different options. Oktomat – Octabin & Big Bag Dischargers Food Milk & Food Powders Spices & Herbs Cereals Grains Nuts Peas & Beans Sugar Salt Flour Water Treatment Pharmaceutical Tea & Coffee Spares Services Overview Helpdesk CASE STUDIES Oktomat Octabin & Big Bag Dischargers Vacuum Sack Lifting System Palbase Central Granulator Contact Us Menu back   We're the specialists in vacuum conveying, bulk handling, powders and difficult flowing materials... Our quality engineered solutions range from single stand-alone products... ... to custom-designed plant-wide pneumatic conveying systems We work with customers in plastics processing, pharmaceuticals, water treatment, food & other industries Plastics Water Treatment Pharmaceutical Tea & Coffee Food With over 50 years experience serving manufacturing businesses in a wide range of sectors, we can bring the benefit of in-depth knowledge of safe and efficient material handling and conveying. Jenco solutions in action Oktomat Octabin & Big Bag Dischargers These cleverly designed, very high quality units are saving time and money, while improving safety at this UK plastics processing business… READ MORE > Pneumatic Sack Lifting System This unit, recently supplied to a UK manufacturing company, has allowed higher productivity without investing in additional shop floor staff. It has also proved extremely popular with existing staff. READ MORE > Central Granulator This Palbase XRT 32.64 Central granulator was recently supplied to one of the UK’s largest moulders of rainwater products. READ MORE Jenco Featured Products Read more Product details NEW Jenco Gravimetric Blenders Enquire Read more Product details Oktomat Classic Emptying Station for Big Bags & Boxes Enquire Read more Product details SD Series Dehumidifying Dryer Enquire Read more Product details C-MC Series Vacuum Hopper Loader – Powders 3 phase Enquire CONTACT US Jenco Controls & Export Ltd Unit 3, Everitt Close, Denington Ind Est. Wellingborough, Northants NN8 2QE Telephone +44 (0)1933 235910 Email [email protected] TEMPERATURE CONTROL? Our sister company, Tool-Temp UK, offers a complete range of process temperature control solutions. www.tool-temp.net Visit Eisbar for a full range of mould dehumidification requirements as well as dryer air application requirement www.eisbaer.at VISIT OUR SHOP The quick and convenient way to buy genuine Jenco spare parts and other items. Visit now! Jenco Controls & Export Limited Sitemap | Disclaimer | Cookies 