Posa-Cut Corporation - A Preferred Metal Cutting Tool Manufacturer header header logo end logo main navigation HOME CORPORATE HISTORY PRODUCTS WHAT'S NEW CONTACT end main navigation end row end header Main Content A Preferred Metal Cutting Tool Manufacturer Posa-Cut is a leading manufacturer of metal cutting tools and cutting tool systems. Posa-Cut has more than 50 years' experience serving the metal working industry with standard and special carbide metal cutting tools, carbide cutting tool systems, Form Tools , Tool Holders, carbide Grooving & Threading Inserts , and Wear Parts . Posa-Cut combines the expertise of engineering, purchasing, sales and production to ensure products are designed and manufactured to the highest quality and cost-efficiency standards. Carbide Tooling Solutions Posa-Cut's innovative product design, manufacturing techniques and contemporary cutting tool solutions enable the metal working industry to achieve greater productivity and profit. Posa-Cut product lines include Posa-Form Tooling , Double-Datum Tooling , Special Grooving & Threading Carbide Inserts , Standard Grooving & Threading Carbide Inserts and Wear Parts . Posa-Cut has satisfied the demands of many formal Quality Programs including Q1. Posa-Cut is ISO 9001:2015 registered and considered QS9000 Compliant. Posa-Cut is based in Farmington Hills, Michigan. Contact Posa-Cut for complete product and service offerings. end main content Sidebar WHAT'S NEWS @ POSA-CUT Posa-Cut Welcomes New Sales Representative Eagen’s Tooling Solutions added to Posa-Cut's online sitemap. Posa-Cut Featured in Cutting Tool Engineering Advertisement showcases the products and services benefiting from Posa-Cut’s dynamic engineering team. POSA-CUT CORPORATION 23600 Haggerty Road Farmington Hills, MI 48335 Phone: (800) 966-POSA or (248) 474-5620 Fax: (248) 474-0630 sales@posacut.com end sidebar end row Home | Corporate History | Products | What’s New! | Contact | Regional Sales Rep Locator ©Posa-Cut Corporation end containter content 