Packaging machines - Shrinkwrappers - Smipack | SMIPACK Header Header row Language icons IT EN FR ES PT End Language icons End header row Header row Logo Menu Desktop Who we are Company profile The new headquarters of SMIPACK Key data Our mission The SMI Group Our history Our branches Ethical Code Quality and Environment Policy Certifications and Associations Products PACKAGING TECHNOLOGY OPEN TO EVERYONE L-seal hood packers SL Series L-seal hood packers S Series L-sealer, automatic L-sealer, shrinking tunnel FP Series Continuous automatic sealers with shrink tunnel HS Series Semiautomatic and automatic shrinkwrappers with sealing bar BP Series Automatic overlap shrinkwrappers XP Series Wrap-around case packers WPS Series Automatic handle applicators HA Series Services After sales technical support Spare parts Training courses Media center News Press Releases They say about us SMIPACKNOW Magazine Case histories Exhibitions Contacts Sales and service network Info Inquiry Privacy statement Careers Careers Send Your CV Edit your CV Job opportunities End Menu Desktop Mobile menu button End mobile menu button Mobile menu Search form End search form Who we are Company profile The new headquarters of SMIPACK Key data Our mission The SMI Group Our history Our branches Ethical Code Quality and Environment Policy Certifications and Associations Products PACKAGING TECHNOLOGY OPEN TO EVERYONE L-seal hood packers SL Series L-seal hood packers S Series L-sealer, automatic L-sealer, shrinking tunnel FP Series Continuous automatic sealers with shrink tunnel HS Series Semiautomatic and automatic shrinkwrappers with sealing bar BP Series Automatic overlap shrinkwrappers XP Series Wrap-around case packers WPS Series Automatic handle applicators HA Series Services After sales technical support Spare parts Training courses Media center News Press Releases They say about us SMIPACKNOW Magazine Case histories Exhibitions Contacts Sales and service network Info Inquiry Privacy statement Careers Careers Send Your CV Edit your CV Job opportunities End Mobile menu End header row - - - - - - - - - REVOLUTION SLIDE - - - - - - - - - New WPS Series Flexibility, innovation and compact design at high speed More information New HS250 VT The new vertical continuous packer with productions up to 60 ppm Coming soon New XP Series The new generation of overlap shrinkwrapper machines with speed up to 25 ppm More information New HA Series - New design - New operator   interface - Productions up to 25, 40,   60 e 80 packs/minute More information Full electric FP Series The new generation of full electric automatic L- Bar Sealers More information Full electric HS Series The new generation of full electric continuous sealers More information - - - - - - - - - END REVOLUTION SLIDE - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - SECTION - - - - - - - - - Row OUR PASSION... End row Row ...high-tech packaging open to everyone End row - - - - - - - - - END SECTION - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - SECTION - - - - - - - - - Row Row Video End row WPS 280R Drinks 2 Row Brochures End row End row Row Row Latest news End row Blog image by SMIPACK Marketing Department Jul 09, 2019 ... Read End blog image Row End row Slider Slide Portfolio item Pack Expo Las Vegas - USA 23 - 25 September Stand 7661, Hall US End portfolio item End slide Slide Portfolio item PPMA Total Show Birmingham - United Kingdom 1 -3 October Stand E124 End portfolio item End slide Slide Portfolio item Cibus Tec Parma - Italy 22 - 25 October Stand G004, Hall 2 End portfolio item End slide Slide Portfolio item Brau Beviale Nuremberg - Germany 12 - 14 November Stand 7A-503, Hall 7A End portfolio item End slide End slider End row - - - - - - - - - END SECTION - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - SECTION - - - - - - - - - Your browser does not support the video tag. Download the video instead. Counters Counters item Progress bar SMIPACK secondary packaging machines delivered: 64810 End progress bar End counters item End counters - - - - - - - - - END SECTION - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - SECTION - - - - - - - - - Row Row Our services Row PROJECT ENGINEERING Design of custom packaging solutions depending on the product to be packaged and to customer needs SALES & TECHNICAL TRAININGS Specialized trainers sharing their expertise and know-how TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE On-site technical support provided by both Italy-based HQ's staff and foreign branches' personnel WAREHOUSE & SPARE PARTS Huge stock and quick delivery: spare parts warehouses located at SMIPACK HQ and at foreign branches' sites End row End row End row - - - - - - - - - END SECTION - - - - - - - - - Footer Row AddToAny BEGIN Share AddToAny END End row Row Contact us SMIPACK S.p.A. Address: Via Piazzalunga, 30 24015 San Giovanni Bianco BG Italy Phone: +39 0345 40.400 E-mail: info.smipack@smigroup.net Monday - Friday: 08:00 - 12:00 / 13:30 - 17:30 Saturday - Sunday: Closed Row Newsletter . Row Subscribe End row Row © SMIPACK S.p.A. 2019 Privacy statement - Legal notice End row Row End row End row End footer Modal × Close Privacy statement Row TRANSPARENCY End row Row End row Row Row End row Row Lawfulness of processing All activities relating to personal data processing shall be lawful (consent, contract obligations, vital interests of the data subject or of third parties, compliance with legal obligations to which the controller is subject, public interest or exercise of official authority, legitimate interest pursued by the controller or by third parties). End row End row Row Row End row Row Information statement The information statement has been improved and updated to the new regulations (art. 13 and 14 GDPR). End row End row Row Row End row Row Rights of the data subjects (right of access, right to erasure-right to be forgotten, right to restriction of processing, right to object, right to data portability) Technical and organization measures have been adopted to ensure the data subject's exercise of his rights and to meet the data subject requirements. End row End row Row Row End row Row Controllers, processors Based on the new principle of “accountability”, SMI Group organization was re-defined, in order to proactively ensure integral compliance with the Regulation. Redefinition of the role of data processors and service suppliers whose activity implies personal data processing. End row End row Row Row End row Row Risk of data processing; accountability measures taken by controllers and processors (Impact assessment, record of processing activities, security of processing, data breach) The “Conformity document”, including records of data processing activity, plans, adopts and demonstrates all technical and organizational measures taken to adequately perform the data processing activities and specifies the necessary procedures to be adopted to notify data breach. End row End row Row Row End row Row Transfer of personal data to international organizations Smipack adheres to the general principles and guarantees concerning the transfer of personal data to third Countries. End row End row Row Policy on personal data processing End row Row The Controller is: SMIPACK S.p.A. Head office: Via Carlo Ceresa, 10 - 24015 San Giovanni Bianco (BG) ITALY VAT nr: IT02529010163 - R.E.A. 234981 For further information, write to: privacy@smigroup.net According to the European Regulation 679/2016, the data subject is entitled to exercise the rights set forth in the Regulation. The integral version of art. 15; 16; 17; 18; 20; 21; 77 of the European Regulation is attached to this document. End row Row Articles GDPR End row Row In order to exercise your rights, please send the application form duly filled in to the Controller's address. End row Row Request to exercise the rights by the data subject End row Row Information on candidate's personal data processing End row Row Information on suppliers'/agents' personal data processing End row Row Information on customer's personal data processing End row Row Information on personal data processing - newsletters End row Row Information on personal data processing for information requests End row Row Cookies policy End row Close End modal Modal × Close Legal notice Row SMIPACK S.p.A. Sede amministrativa: Via Carlo Ceresa, 10  24015 San Giovanni Bianco (BG) ITALIA Sede legale: Via Monte Grappa, 7 - 24121 Bergamo (BG) - ITALIA C.F. e P. IVA IT02529010163 - R.E.A. 234981 Capitale Sociale Euro 5.000.000 i.v. End row Close End modal 