Discover the UK's Home of Top Quality Sprayers - Househam Sprayers +44 (0) 1400 276000 Advanced Sprayers. Healthier Crops. Advanced Sprayers. Healthier Crops. UberMenu [Configuration:main] [Theme Loc:] [Integration:api] Menu Sprayers Close Self-Propelled Self-propelled sprayer solutions for farmers and contractors. Specialist Tailored solutions designed to meet your requirements. TRAILED & MOUNTED Trailed and tractor-mounted sprayers designed to suit different budgets and needs. Testimonials Read a few testimonials below about our products and service from some of our happy customers. Technology Close Advanced technology Design innovation and advanced engineering. Low Compaction Maximum performance with minimal soil compaction. Precision spraying More ways to specify your perfect sprayer. Support Close Service Specialist engineers providing service and repairs wherever you are in the world. Parts Our global parts operation with over 400 square metres of racking and 24,000 line items in stock. Warranties Find out about our standard warranty and, for extra peace-of-mind, our upgraded cover on offer Finance Discover the range of finance solutions available across a the range of Househam machines. Product Guides Simply select your model to discover more about Househam machines including operating manuals, engine service items and spray controller manuals. Pre-Owned About Close VISION Producing leading-edge crop sprayers for farmers around the world. Our team At Househam we have a hugely experienced and knowledgeable team. Innovation Househam's Advanced Engineering Division for the R&D, technology. Our history How we've come to be the leading-edge company we are today. Work with us Do you have the required skills and experience to work for us? News Close Latest News Keep up to date with the latest news and developments from Househam Expert Insights Get the latest expert insight and tips on spraying and cereal agronomy. Events Househam's forthcoming events calendar. Promotions Ongoing promotions and offers. Newsletter Sign up for offers, promotion and our newest products and technologies. Contact us Dealer Login End UberMenu UberMenu [Configuration:main] [Theme Loc:] [Integration:api] Menu Sprayers Close Self-Propelled Specialist TRAILED AND MOUNTED SPRAYERS Testimonials Technology Close Advanced technology Low Compaction Precision spraying About Close VISION Our team Innovation Our history Work with us Support Close Service Parts Warranty options Finance Product Guides Pre-Owned News Close Latest News Expert Insights Events Promotions Newsletter Contact us Dealer Login End UberMenu end .header THINK BIGGER • Self-propelled • Massive capacity • Low impact • Total control READ MORE PROTECTING YOUR FUTURE PERFORMANCE YOU CAN TRUST PRODUCTIVITY BY DESIGN PRECISION BUILT IN READ MORE BUILT TO PERFORM DESIGNED BY YOU Spirit Easy to use, high technology, low weight, entry-level self-propelled sprayers. Find out more Air-ride Low weight and soil compaction. Choose from 3000, 3500 or 4000L with up to 36m boom. Find out more Harrier Advanced technology, auto nozzle control, in capacities up to 6000L with up to 36m boom. Find out more Predator Everything you love about Househam, but bigger. Massive capacities, low weight, total control. Find out more end #content Compare models Choose Find a dealer Locate Low compaction. Advanced technology. Precision spraying. Find out what we're doing to lead the way in spraying technologies > Low compaction. Advanced technology. Precision spraying. Find out what we're doing to lead the way in spraying technologies > Househam Sprayers - @HousehamSprayer Custom Twitter Feeds by Smash Balloon It’s all busy at Househam HQ today with plenty of new build machines going through the factory. If you would like a visit round then don’t hesitate to ask!! #househam #sprayers #advancedsprayershealthiercrops READ ON TWITTER Househam How-to: External operation of your sprayer × More videos 5 top crop tips for spring Expert Insights Visit us at: Countryside Lincs 2019 14th April 2019 More events Latest News 10th July 2019 Family effort for ultimate Peak District challenge Read more Info Centre Product videos Product literature Sprayer guides How to guides Newsletter signup JOIN HERE Find a dealer Locate Contact us Sales: +44 1400 276 000 Parts: +44 1400 276 030 Support: +44 1400 276 040 Head office: +44 1400 276 000 end #inner-footer end .footer Follow us Roughton Moor, Woodhall Spa, Lincolnshire, United Kingdom, LN10 6YQ Company No: 2651880. VAT REG. No: GB 916 2118 46 Terms & conditions Privacy policy Cookies Sitemap We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it. Ok Read more Google Tag Manager (noscript) End Google Tag Manager (noscript) 