Edge and Wide Belt Sanders by KUNDIG | Kündig AG ?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"? Generator: Adobe Illustrator 16.0.0, SVG Export Plug-In . SVG Version: 6.00 Build 0) News Products Premium Brilliant Technic Overview Brush Botop Cross Vmax Precision CNC Industry Uniq Applications Surfaces Edges Lacquer Brushing Wood construction Woodworking industry Company Contact Contact Persons About Kündig Media EN English Français Deutsch (Deutschland) Deutsch (Schweiz) Deutsch (Österreich) The sanding experts Surfaces Wide Belt Sanders and Brushing Machines for every Surface Treatment Edges Edge Sanders for almost every application imaginable: Wood and other materials, veneer, lacquer etc. Special Applications Providing a Solution for your individual Application/Material with standardised or custom machines Experience the sanding solutions provided by KÜNDIG Welcome at KÜNDIG. We produce surface and edge sanders for craft as well as for industrial purposes. Besides our main field of application, the many branches of the wood processing sector, we do as well have decades of experience in finding customised solutions for specialised surface processing applications and with a wide array of different materials.     World Premiere: Kündig Perfect The Future is now! With their new Perfect model range, Kündig is two steps ahead of the constantly changing interior design branch. Behind the modern design lies a multitude of innovations in sanding technology, which in combination exceed even the highest demands in terms of surface quality. The c... KÜNDIG at Ligna 2019 Complete Range of Surface Sanding Solutions At our booth we show all the relevant sanding technologies for each application imaginable. As usual, the machines are plugged in and ready for testing. The technologies exhibited range from classic two-unit joinery sanders to our patented oblique san... Future Succession Secured Lukas Kündig enters the management of Kündig Group. With his entry he secures the companies status of a family business wich has been managed to be sustained for 75 years now. Operatively, the transition is mainly carried out already, strategically and project oriented Lukas Kündig can still count o... Production Line for Ski Cores Most renowned producers in the ski and snowboard industry rely on technologies from Kündig. At the last Olympic Winter Games alone, more than two dozen medals were won with skis and snowboards processed by our machines . This recently delivered production line shown in the picture enables the calibr... Professional Saw Finish with Wide Belt Sander The Xd unit combines our revolutionary oblique sanding procedure with cross belt technology. Our engineers observed that a significant number of customers are using their cross belt unit in combination with a large grain sanding paper in order to achieve a rough sawn finish. The only weakness of thi... Professional Saw Finish with Wide Belt Sander The Xd unit combines our revolutionary oblique sanding procedure with cross belt technology. Our engineers observed that a significant number of customers are using their cross belt unit in combination with a large grain sanding paper in order to achieve a rough sawn finish. The only weakness of thi... Kündig CH Schleifmaschinen Hofstrasse 95 8620 Wetzikon +41 43 477 30 01 Kündig UK Unit 3 , Ringtail Industrial Estate Burscough, Lancashire L40 8RT +44 845 833 0565 Company Contact Imprint Privacy policy Language English Français Deutsch (Deutschland) Deutsch (Schweiz) Deutsch (Österreich) ?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"? Generator: Adobe Illustrator 16.0.0, SVG Export Plug-In . SVG Version: 6.00 Build 0) News Products Premium Brilliant Technic Overview Brush Botop Cross Vmax Precision CNC Industry Uniq Applications Surfaces Edges Lacquer Brushing Wood construction Woodworking industry Company Contact Contact Persons About Kündig Media Deutsch (Deutschland) Deutsch (Schweiz) Deutsch (Österreich) English Français 