WestWeigh Controls Ltd - Belt Weighing Systems For All Applications. Toggle Navigation About Us News Products Technical Data FAQs Installation Price Lists Contact Us Search for: WestWeigh Controls Limited Belt Weighing Systems For All Applications. Learn more Products The SIBW (Single Idler Belt Weigher) The Single Idler System (SIBW) is a low cost solution ideal for plant inventory, control and indication. It is also perfect for all mobile plant applications and is “factory fitted” by many of the leading machine manufacturers. The low profile weighframe utilises two precision load cells and is maintenance free. It is quick and easy to install and most systems are fitted by the customer. Full telephone technical support is always available from WestWeigh if required. Naturally WestWeigh can install the system if preferred. The Weighframe The Weighframe is extremely tough, having originally been developed specifically for the mobile crushing industry where space is at a premium and the operational environment is at its most hostile. The galvanised weighframe is fully floating on two precision load cells that again have been developed to suit the environment. No maintenance is required apart from occasional inspection to ensure the weighframe is generally clear of debris. The Speed Wheel The Speed Sensor runs on the clean side of the return belt and ensures accurate weighing even if the belt speed is not constant. The Integrator The Integrator (Totaliser) is the fourth generation of the very successful CBC/1001 instrument. It is very easy to use with all data being entered through a “user friendly” menu system. The electronics are microprocessor based and all programme and calibration details are stored in non-volatile memory so that the system does not have to be continuously powered. To enable WestWeigh to provide free support, Powerful Diagnostic Facilites are built into the system. For more information please visit our Products page. Technical Support Our after sales technical support is highly acclaimed. It is supplied free of charge by telephone, fax or e-mail and this can be arranged to suit the time zone of the customer. Whatever your reason for contacting us, we promise you quality products at very competitive prices and a prompt, efficient and friendly response. By Phone We are available by phone during office hours 9am - 5pm GMT, but a time can also be arranged to suit the timezone of the customer. +44 (0) 1256 886427 By Email Send us an email with your technical enquiry to sales@westweigh.com and we will get back to you with an answer ASAP. Online Our website contains a vast amount of information on our products and technical data. Visit our FAQ page for our most frequently asked questions. About Us WestWeigh Controls Limited personnel have over forty years experience in manufacturing belt weighing systems and providing technical support to industry leaders in the mining, quarrying, recycling, mobile plant and bulk handling industries. We specialise in supplying to O.E.M. and Export customers and always welcome new overseas enquiries. Our belt weighers are already used in more than 80 countries with environments ranging from the bitter cold of Scandinavia and to the extreme heat of the United Arab Emirates. All of our belt weighing systems are manufactured in the UK…… Read More News Conveyor Safety Products 29th March 2019 Read More .obfx-grid-col-content Coming Soon 29th March 2019 Read More .obfx-grid-col-content Introducing a new range of Load Cells from TNC Electronics 29th March 2019 Read More .obfx-grid-col-content New Products 26th March 2019 Read More .obfx-grid-col-content .obfx-grid-container .obfx-grid For our full news archive please click  here . "Belt Weighing Systems For All Applications." Contact Us Name * E-mail * Phone Message * Submit By submitting this form you agree to our privacy terms as stated in our   privacy policy +44 (0) 1256 886427 /.obfx-service-box-content /.obfx-service-box /.obfx-grid-wrapper sales@westweigh.com /.obfx-service-box-content /.obfx-service-box /.obfx-grid-wrapper © WestWeigh Controls 2019 Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Hestia | Developed by ThemeIsle This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Accept Reject Read More Privacy & Cookies Policy 