Automated Sewing Systems, A-S-S AG, Bessenbach Navigation Start Company Profile Contact partners Systems Automatic Serging Units Pocket Welting Machines Engineered Workstations Automatic Joining Seam Machines Automatic Short Seamer Machines Special Machines Special Equipment Applications Front of Trousers Back of Trousers Jackets Blouses / Shirts Sportswear / Outdoor Downloads Contact Imprint Automatic serging units Automatic pocket welting Engineered Workstations Automatic Joining Seam Machines Automatic Short Seamer Machines Special Machines More than 6,000 sewing machines worldwide Since the year 2000, we develop and produce automatic sewing systems for the HAKA and DOB production and market them all over the world. Among others, our range of products include automatic piping pocket, closing seam and serging units as well as engineered workstations. Quick and direct: everything from one source Ranging from the development and construction right up to installation and programming, we complete all work steps in our company in Germany. In this manner, we can ensure uniform and consistently high quality in all stages of production. Customer-orientated and flexible: from individual production to major contracts Our sewing systems provide functional and process-optimised solutions. We develop small quantities of special machines for specific customer requirements. We shall be pleased to prepare a unique offer even for you. Environment: ASS goes green Being a leading manufacturer of automatic sewing machines, A-S-S AG has set itself the task to do something for our environment. More... New: BASS 5950 BASS 5950 , the new universal automatic machine for sewing darts and pleats on skirts and trousers. More... Archive A-S-S Automated-Sewing-Systems From the planning stages through the production up to delivery and service: We complete everything at our German company location. +49 (0)6095 99 233-0 Am Beetacker 3 D-63856 Bessenbach info@assag.de © A-S-S AG 2016 Start Downloads Imprint 