Equipment Rentals and Sales | Joe Johnson Equipment We use cookies to improve our website and your experience when using it. Cookies used for the essential operation of this site have already been set. To find out more about the cookies we use and how to delete them, see our privacy policy . I accept cookies from this site. Agree Search for: Find a location info@jjei.com 1.800.263.1262 FR A A A Home Equipment Rentals Used Parts & Service Street Sweeper Service Sewer Camera Repair Careers About Us News / Blog Contact Us Call Now Home Equipment Rentals Used Parts & Service Street Sweeper Service Sewer Camera Repair Careers About Us News / Blog Contact Us Call Now We have you covered. Rent it, try it, buy it. Call us today to find out more about our large fleet of rental units. Rentals Fleet We Buy. Rent. Sell. Whether you need a Street Sweeper, Snow or Mow Equipment, a Hydro-Excavator, or a Refuse Truck, JJE has you covered! View Equipment Our Service Team. With over 70 trained and certified Technicians, Joe Johnson Equipment has the capabilities to get your unit back up and on the road in no time. Parts & Service / 3 / 3 Reliable Nationwide With locations throughout Canada and the United States, our customers are assured that JJE will have the service, support, and parts you need in order to minimize downtime and maximize production. Our Locations Our Products Joe Johnson Equipment is committed to providing parts and customer service at the level our customers deserve and expect. View Our Products Used Equipment We supply municipalities and contractors across North America with quality used equipment. Browse Our Inventory Rentals We offer an expanding fleet of equipment, coupled with our dedicated technical support and ‘anytime, anywhere’ availability. Why Rent ? Careers We are focused on providing solutions for all our customer needs - and we are always looking for team members to help us achieve that. See Our Positions Training Our Trainers are JJE Certified and come to training sessions prepared with the most current and best-practice techniques and information about your equipment. See Our Programs Parts & Service JJE is committed to providing parts and customer service at the level our customers deserve and expect - matching the quality and dependability of the equipment lines we represent. Our Services Your Fleet Awaits Joe Johnson Equipment is your premier Municipal and Contractor equipment specialist. Browse Equipment Partnered with the best. In the News Elgin, RoadBotics Team to Offer Pavement Assessment Elgin Sweeper Company and RoadBotics Inc. have partnered to offer Florida’s more than 400 municipalities the ability to collect road condition data during sweeping operations, exclusively using Elgin Sweeper street … Visit Our News Page Sign Up For Our Newsletter Stay up-to-date on current news & events in the world of Infrastructure & Sewer Maintenance, Municipal & Industrial Equipment, Hydroblasting, and Parts & Service Initiatives.  Email * This iframe contains the logic required to handle Ajax powered Gravity Forms. Current News Tweets by @joejohnsonequip Information About Us News Careers Training Locations Accessibility Social Responsibility Terms & Conditions Media Relations Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Français Companies Vactor Elgin Jetstream Westech Guzzler FS Solutions Federal Signal © Joe Johnson Equipment. All Rights Reserved. | Privacy Policy | Cookie Policy 