2L inc., Engraving Tools, Spring Loaded Engraving Tools, End Mills, Vacuum Chucks and Pumps, Engraving Software, CNC Countersink Tools end top Engraving Tools, End Mills & Cutters Spring Loaded Engraving Tools Vacuum Chucks & Pumps for Workholding 2L inc. 4 Kane Industrial Drive Hudson, MA 01749 Tel: (978)567-8867 Contact Us end masthead Home Products Tech Help What's New Quick Order end globalLinks end globalNav About 2L Catalog Contact Press Resharpening Testimonials Videos end utility end util2 Making Engraving Simple and Manufacturing Easier ... Spring Loaded Engraving Tools, Engraving Tool Bits, End Mills, Vacuum Chucks & Pumps, CNC Countersink Depth Stop Tool & more ENGRAVING & MARKING Engraving Tools Spring Loaded Engraving Tool Engraving Software Programs Custom Engraving Tools SOLID CARBIDE TOOLS End Mills Hole Making & Threading Tools Broken Tap Removal Tools Extended Reach Tool Holder Custom End Mills & Cutting Tools WORKHOLDING Vacuum Chucks Vacuum Pumps Complete Vacuum Systems Pallet Workholding System Workholding Accessories PNEUMATIC MUFFLERS No-Clog Air Exhaust Silencers COUNTERSINKING CNC Countersink Depth Stop Tool end pagenav 2L is a manufacturer of Engraving Tools , Countersinks , End Mills , Chamfering Tools, Spot Drills , Custom Cutting Tools , the Spring Loaded Engraving Tool , Engraving Software Programs , Vacuum Chucks , Portable Electric Vacuum Pumps , Air Venturi Vacuum Generator Pumps , and Air Exhaust Silencers/Pneumatic Mufflers . We manufacture superior quality products several which are patented and/or patent pending. These include: Spring Loaded Engraving Tools™ for cnc machine engraving of uneven surfaces, Tough Tip Engraving Tool for engraving Steel and Stainless Steel , Tough Tip Engraving Tool for Aluminum , Tough Tip Engraving Tool with Radius , Modular Vacuum Chucks and Adjustable Workstops and Edge Clamps for workholding and fixturing, and the Spring Loaded CNC Countersink Depth Stop Tool . We manufacture in house in Massachusetts, USA. We maintain stock on a majority of our tools; keeping them ready to ship the same day! Engraving Tools Engraving Tools, Cutters and Tool Bits Solid Carbide Engraving Tools are made of a Premium Ultra Fine Submicron Grade Carbide for maximum tool strength and durability. We keep thousands of our Engraving Tool Bits in stock.  We produce custom Engraving Tools with a fast turn-around.  Some of our most popular Engraving Tools include: Standard Conical for Steels, Stainless Steel, Plastic, Aluminum, Brass. Tough Tip Engraving Tool ® for Stainless Steel and Hard Materials. Tough Tip Engraving Tool ® for Aluminum , Brass Plastic and Soft Materials. Tough Tip Engraving Tool ® with Radius . Single Flute and 2 Flute Conical Ballnose Tools. Profilers and Micro Profilers for small engraving. Quarter Round Engraving Tools . Diamond Tip and Carbide Point Scribe for very fine engraving & many others. We produce many other Engraving Tools including 2D Data Matrix UID , Composite Cutting Tools , Burnishing Tools , Cutter Bevelers , Parallel , Parallel Ballnose , Pyramid and multi-purpose Chamfering-Engraving Engraving Tool Bits. 2L Solid Carbide Engraving Tools are available in standard and metric sizes. We design, test and manufacture on our own fully automated CNC equipment.  All of our Solid Carbide Tools and Cutters are CNC qualified and inspected with our state of the art optical measuring microscopes. Spring Loaded Engraving Tools™ Spring Loaded Engraving Tool™ Engrave Flat, Curved and Uneven Surfaces Engrave using a CNC Milling Machine with a Spring Loaded Engraving Tool and eliminate the need for dedicated engraving machines. 2L Spring Loaded Engraving Tools engrave curved, uneven and flat surfaces faster than when engraving using a rigid tool. Decrease set up times using a Spring Loaded Engraving Tool. Decrease engraving cycle times up to 84% using a Spring Loaded Engraving Tool. Engrave glass, deburr and polish using a Spring Loaded Engraving Tool. Engrave 2D Data Matrix Barcodes using a Spring Loaded Engraving Tool, 2D Data Matrix Solid Carbide Tool Bit, and the 2L PRO 3 Engraving Software Program. We manufacture our Spring Loaded Engraving Tools in five sizes to fit virtually any CNC machine.  Use a 3/4" or 20 mm diameter Standard Spring Loaded Engraving Tool for high volume, production engraving or use the 1/2" , 3/8" or 1/4" Mini Spring Loaded Engraving Tool for smaller CNC Machines. Engraving Depth Control Systems for the Spring Loaded Engraving Tool™ Control the depth of engraving in increments of 0.001" when engraving using a Spring Loaded Engraving Tool and the Engraving Depth Control Nosepiece Systems.  The Depth Control Systems are used with the 3/4" or 20 mm Standard Spring Loaded Engraving Tool and the 1/4", 3/8", and 1/2" Mini Spring Loaded Engraving Tool . Use a Depth Control Engraving Nosepiece System when precise engraving depth is required. Engraving Software and Single Line Fonts Engraving Software Programs for CNC Machines The 2L PRO Engraving Software Programs convert text in any font or size into standard G-code to perform engraving.  Engrave logos, pictures and drawings, perform 2D Data Matrix barcode engraving for Direct Part Marking (DPM), import, scale, and export DXF files, create incrementing serial numbers in any font or size, perform 3D surface engraving; engrave at a constant depth on an imported 3D surface and much more. The 2L PRO Engraving Software Programs have been specifically developed to simplify the engraving process. We offer four tiers of our 2L PRO Engraving Software Program: PRO 1 Version: 3 Axis Multi-Layer CAD/CAM Engraving Software Program . Perform engraving using a 3 Axis CNC Machine. Engrave logos, text, serialize part numbers, Draw lines, engrave text and numbers on a diagonal, curve, or reverse engrave, and much more. PRO 2 Version: 3 Axis, 4 Axis, C-Axis and Multi-Axis Lathe Engraving Software Program . Includes all the functionality of the PRO 1 Version with additional functionality to perform engraving using 3 and 4 Axis, and Multi-Axis Lathes. PRO 3 Version: 2D Data Matrix UID (Unique Identification Marks) Barcoding Engraving Software for Direct Part Marking on Standard CNC Milling Machines or Multi-Axis Lathes. PRO Light Version: Basic 3 Axis Engraving Software Program . Provided Free with the purchase of a Spring Loaded Engraving Tool Kit. Engrave a single instance of Text or Numbers using this basic 3 Axis Program. Single Line Engraving Fonts - Stick Type Fonts Single Line Stick Fonts are used to reduce engraving cycle times and for very small engraving. The 2L Single Line Fonts are for use with the 2L Engraving Software Programs.  A set of eleven (11) Single Line Engraving Stick Type Fonts are included with the purchase of the 2L PRO 1, PRO 2 or PRO 3 Engraving Software Programs . One (1) 2L Single Line Stick Font is included with the Free 2L PRO Light Engraving Software Program that is provided with the purchase of a Spring Loaded Engraving Tool Kit. End Mills End Mills for Machining, Cutting & Finishing All End Mills are produced with a Premium Ultra Fine Sub Micron Grade Solid Carbide for maximum tool strength. Designed, tested and produced in house. We manufacture these Solid Carbide End Mills: Standard, Ballnose & Corner Radius Multi-Purpose End Mills . Aluminum Cutting End Mills. Plastic & Wood Cutting End Mills.  Downcut End Mills for Plastic & Wood. Armor Mills™ for Granite & Armor Plate . Our Solid Carbide End Mills are available in many standard and metric tool sizes. We keep thousands of sizes of End Mills in stock.  We manufacture custom tools with quick turn-around. Hole Making and Threading Tools Countersinks, Chamfering Tools, Spot Drills, Thread Mills, Boring Bars All Solid Carbide Cutting Tools are produced with a Premium Ultra Fine Sub Micron Grade Carbide for maximum durability and strength. We keep many sizes of our Cutting Tools in stock, and we produce custom tools with a quick turn-around.  Designed, Tested and Produced In House. Available in many standard and metric sizes. We manufacture these Solid Carbide Cutting Tools: Chamfering Tools . Standard Countersinks . Countersinks with Pilots . Spot Drills . Boring Bars. Thread Mills. Remove Broken Taps Machine Hard Materials, Granite, Armor Plate & Hardened Steels Armor Mills and Armor Drills Solid Carbide Armor Mills and Armor Drills drill out and remove broken taps and drills.  Machine hardened Steels, Granite, Armor Plate and other very hard materials. Produced from a Premium, Ultra-Fine, Nano Grade Solid Carbide for maximum tool strength and durability.  Designed, Tested and Produced In House. Available in many sizes. Vacuum Chucks for Workholding, Fixturing, CNC Machining Modular Vacuum Chucks 8" x 12" The 2L Modular 8" x 12" Vacuum Chucks are a unique Vacuum Chuck System that allows multiple Vacuum Chucks to be connected, which allows you to easily create the size Vacuum Chuck and vacuum workspace needed. Use a single 8" x 12" Vacuum Chuck, or connect multiple vacuum chucks together to create a custom Vacuum Workspace. Or, use 2, 3, 4 or more Vacuum Chucks to create the size vacuum chuck or layout required. Use the Modular Vacuum Chucks for quick and flexible set up for prototypes and eliminate the need to create custom fixtures.  The Vacuum Chuck face is designed with numbered locations which allows for quick set up, consistent workpiece placement, and is an excellent option for high production due to the ease of repeatability. This system allows you to use your own Vacuum Pump to create the vacuum, or purchase a Air Venturi Vacuum, or Portable Electric Vacuum Pump to complete your set up. Complete Modular Vacuum Chuck and Vacuum Pump Systems are also available. Vacuum Chucks - Large Sizes 13" x 25", 18" x 36", 24" x 48" 2L Large Vacuum Chucks are produced from flat ground hi-tensile cast Aluminum plate. Vacuum Chucks have a unique grid design which maximizes the holding power of the Vacuum Chucks. Each Vacuum Chuck has individual Vacuum Ports with multiple vacuum holes per port which allow for flexible use of the entire top surface.  1/2" spacing between the Gasket Cord Slots provides for flexible workpiece placement and optimizes table space and the amount of workpiece exposed to the vacuum. 2L produces Vacuum Chucks in house in these standard sizes: 13" x 25" x 1.5" . 18" x 36" x 1.5" . 24" x 48" x 1.5" . Custom Vacuum Chucks are produced with quick lead times. These Vacuum Chucks can be used with an existing Vacuum Pump or purchase a Air Venturi Vacuum, or Portable Electric Vacuum Pump to complete your set up. Or, Complete Modular Vacuum Chuck and Vacuum Pump Systems are also available. Replaceable Drill Through Top Plates for Vacuum Chucks Replaceable Top Plates for 8" x 12" Modular Vacuum Chucks Replaceable Top Plates for Large Vacuum Chucks (13" x 25", 18" x 36", 24" x 48") These Replaceable Drill Through Top Plates can be used with the 2L Vacuum Chucks, other Vacuum Chucks or vacuum workholding applications. Using a Replaceable Top Plate with a Vacuum Chuck can protect the surface of the Vacuum Chuck when cutting through workpieces. 2L produces Replaceable Top Plates in several sizes and configurations.  Custom Top Plates can be produced with quick lead times. Complete Vacuum Chuck & Vacuum Pump Systems Use an Electric Vacuum Pump or Air Venturi Vacuum with Many Different Size Vacuum Chucks A Complete Vacuum Chuck and Vacuum Pump System includes everything needed to get started vacuum workholding.  2L Complete Vacuum Systems include a Vacuum Chuck, choice of the Portable Oil-Free Electric Vacuum Pump or Air Venturi Vacuum Generator, Accessories and Gasket Cord. Complete Vacuum Systems are available with all 2L Vacuum Chucks including the 8" x 12" Modular Vacuum Chucks, and the Larger 13" x 25", 18" x 36", and 24" x 48" Vacuum Chucks. Vacuum Pumps Electric Vacuum Pump - Portable and Oil Free The Portable Electric Vacuum Pump creates a vacuum for a wide range of vacuum and workholding applications. Portable 20 gallon ASME tank with a 10 CFM vacuum system. Large visible inlet filter to remove coolant or debris. Automatic adjustable vacuum switch for auto on/off at a set vacuum. 110 VAC / 9.2A power connection. Handle and wheels for easy transport. Maintenance free 3/4 hp oilless (oil-free) Vacuum Pump Motor. Maximum vacuum is 26” Hg. This Portable Electric Vacuum Pump can accommodate a 1,200 sq. in. Vacuum Chuck. Air Venturi Vacuum Generators Straight Through, Filter Free Design Prevents Clogging Air Powered Venturi Vacuum Generator Pumps create a vacuum for workholding, fixturing and clamping using normal compressed air (shop air).  The 2L Air Venturi Vacuum's straight through, filter free design helps prevent clogging from particles or contaminants. Use an Air Venturi Vacuum Generator Pump for Vacuum Chuck workholding and custom hold down fixturing applications.  The Air Venturi Vacuum can also be used as an AC Vacuum Pump to evacuate air conditioning. We produce our Venturi Vacuums in Anodized Aluminum and PTFE (Teflon) which allows then for use in harsh and dirty environments, as well as clean rooms. Available sizes: 10-32 UN, and 1/16", 1/8", 1/4" and 3/8" M NPT. Adjustable Workstops and Edge Clamps Workstops and Edge Clamps for Difficult to Hold Workpieces Low Profile Workstops and Edge Clamps can be used with workholding and fixturing applications that require a low clearance profile.  These can be used with existing workholding, fixturing, clamping, or pallet systems, and 2L Modular Vacuum Chucks. These Adjustable Workstops and Edge Clamps reduce set up time and eliminate the need for custom fixtures.  The Hex Workstop, Edge Clamp, Corner Edge Clamp, and Thin Corner Edge Clamps can hold a wide range of part sizes including small, thin, corners, or odd shaped workpieces. Vacuum and Workholding Accessories Vacuum Switch - Vacuum Gauge - Gasket Cords for Vacuum Chucks and Workholding Vacuum Accessories for Vacuum Chuck Workholding and many workholding and fixturing applications.  These accessories can be used with the 2L Vacuum Chucks, and other vacuum workholding systems. Vacuum Accessories include an Adjustable Vacuum Switch, Vacuum Gauge, Gasket Cords for Vacuum Chucks, Double Sided Workholding Tape, Workstops and Edge Clamps. No Clog Air Exhaust Silencers - Pneumatic Mufflers Quiet Air Exhausted from Pneumatic Air Tools, Air Venturi Vacuums & More No Clog Air Exhaust Silencers/Mufflers quiet air tools, industrial air equipment and other pneumatic tools. The straight through filter free design allows use in environments where contaminants ordinarily clog air mufflers on air tools. These pneumatic mufflers are also used with the 2L Air Venturi Vacuum Generators . Individual and Stacked Systems offer noise reduction in approximate ranges from 12-16 and 19-27 db.  The Heavy Duty Silencers which are used in rugged environments such as oil and gas or marine environments allow for an approximate noise reduction levels of 20-30 db. Available Sizes: 10-32 UN, 1/16", 1/8", 1/4" & 3/8", 1/2" and 3/4" M NPT. Individual No Clog Silencers Approx. Noise Reduction: 12-24 db 10-32 UN, 1/16", 1/8", 1/4" & 3/8" NPT Stacked No-Clog Systems Approx. Noise Reduction: 19-17 db 1/8" & 1/4" NPT Heavy Duty/Industrial No Clog Silencers Approx. Noise Reduction 20-30 db 1/2" & 3/4" NPT. Extended Tool Holder For Extended Reach Extended Reach Tool Holder for 1/8" Cutting Tools, Engraving Tools & End Mills Use the Extended Reach Tool Holder when a longer tool is needed to reach into deep cavities or pockets and where larger diameter collet holding devices will not allow getting close enough to the cavity or pocket walls. -  6.0" overall length -  Holds 1/8" (.125") diameter tool bits -  3/8" (.375") overall shank diameter Change the cutting tools from the front without removing the tool holder from the spindle.  The straight shank (0.375") diameter allows you to control how far the tool holder protrudes from your collet. CNC Countersink Depth Stop Tool CNC Countersink Depth Stop Tool - Spring Loaded Countersink Uneven Surfaces The CNC Countersink Depth Stop Tool allows countersinking of uneven surfaces. The Spring Loaded CNC Countersink Depth Stop Tool maintains precise countersink depth on materials with tolerance variations. Hold Countersink Tool Bits with cutter diameters up to 7/8" (.875"). Spring compresses up to 0.375" to compensate for material variations. Depth of cut can be adjusted in 0.001" increments. 1/2" (.500") tool shank fits into a standard 1/2" Collet or End Mill Holder. Collets are available in sizes of 1/4", 1/2", 3/8", and 9/16" to hold Countersink Tool Bits up. Use with 2L Superior Quality Solid Carbide Standard Countersinks   or Countersinks with Pilots for maximum performance and to reduce chatter.  Custom Tools - Solid Carbide Custom End Mills, Cutting Tools & Engraving Tools 2L produces custom Solid Carbide End Mills, Engraving Tools, Countersinks, Chamfering Tools and many other cutting tools. Our custom Tools are made with a Superior Sub Micron, Nano Grade Solid Carbide for maximum tool strength and durability. All Custom Tools are produced in house with a quick turn-around.  Download and Submit a custom tool drawing   end feature end data Browse All Products Engraving Tools Tough Tip Engraving Tool for Stainless & Steels Tough Tip Engraving Tool for Aluminum Tough Tip with Radius for Steels Standard Conical Single Flute Ballnose 2 Flute Ballnose Diamond Tip, Profilers & Tools for Small Engraving All Engraving Tool Bits End Mills Multi Purpose End Mills Aluminum Cutting End Mills Downcut End Mills Plastic & Wood Cutting End Mills Armor Mills for Granite Extended Reach Tool Holder Countersinking CNC Countersink Depth Stop Tool Countersinks w/ Pilot Countersinks w/ Single Flute Spring Loaded Engraving Tools 3/4" Dia. Spring Loaded Engraving Tool 20 mm Dia. Spring Loaded Engraving Tool 1/2" Dia. Spring Loaded Engraving Tool 3/8" Dia. Spring Loaded Engraving Tool 1/4" Dia. Spring Loaded Engraving Tool Depth Control Engraving Systems Hole Making & Threading Tools Thread Mills Boring Bars Spot Drills Countersinks Chamfering Tools Mini Boring Bars Vacuum Workholding & Fixturing Vacuum Chucks Air Venturi Vacuum Generator Pumps Oil-Free Portable Electric Vacuum Pump Vacuum Chuck & Pump Systems Workstops & Edge Clamps Replaceable Top Plates No-Clog Air Exhaust Silencers Vacuum Switch, Gasket Cord &  Accessories Engraving Software Programs 3 Axis CNC Mills 3 & 4 Axis CNC Mills, C-Axis Rotary Lathes 2D Data Matrix Barcoding & ID Broken Tap Removal Tools Armor Mills Armor Drills Custom Tools - Solid Carbide End Mills, Engraving Tools, Countersinks & Cutting Tools Contact Us: Call: (978)567-8867 Email Us Click Here To Download Our Catalog (PDF) Or Request A Hard Copy Feel Free To Contact Us With Any Questions! 2L inc. is a USA Manufacturer of the Patented Spring Loaded Engraving Tool, Tough Tip Engraving Tool for Steels and Aluminum, and the Spring Loaded CNC Countersink Tool. We produce Solid Carbide Engraving Tools, End Mills, Chamfering Tools, Broken Tap Tools, Armor Mills for Granite and Armor Plate, Precision Vacuum Chucks, Pneumatic Air Tool Mufflers, Portable Electric Vacuum Pumps, and Air Venturi Vacuum Generator Pumps. We manufacture in Hudson, Massachusetts. end legend end content Home Products Tech Help Policies Contact Us Site Map Copyright © 2019, 2L inc. Rev. 121.32_05222019 end pagecell 