Midwest Automation Google Tag Manager (noscript) End Google Tag Manager (noscript) 1-612-721-5347 Toggle navigation Home About Welcome Timeline Strategic Partners Distributors News & Events Why Midwest? Markets Wood Composites Metal Products Wood Composites Metal Metal – Mini 9/Mini 9i Custom Special Offers Used Machines & Systems Parts & Service Customer Service Safety Bulletins Technical Bulletins Service Manuals Media Library Brochures Videos Warranties & Policies Contact Us We Help You Laminate, Cut & Sand Better. We Help You Laminate, Fabricate & Cut Better. We Help You Deburr, Edge Round, Finish & Polish Better. #billboard Your requirements drive our business. Midwest Automation is a family-owned U.S. manufacturing company located in Minneapolis, Minnesota. For companies who care where the products they buy are made, it will come as no surprise that buying American is not as easy as it used to be. Many of the machines represented to be “American made” are in fact imported from foreign countries. For over 60 years, Midwest Automation has manufactured industrial machinery for the woodworking, composite panel, and metalworking industries using U.S. labor, and locally available components whenever possible. Our extensive application knowledge, coupled with creative machine design, allows us to provide unique and reliable solutions that improve your manufacturing processes, while also supported by local parts and service. If you are looking for an industrial machinery manufacturer with real application expertise, contact Midwest Automation today. Manufacturing results since 1959. HOT SUMMER SPECIALS Now until Labor Day 2019 PATRIOT 2 (Dry) Deburring, Finishing & Edge Rounding Click Here to SAVE $14,295! MIGHTY 9 (Dry) Compact Surface Deburring, Edge Deburring, Edge Rounding & Finishing Click Here to SAVE $3,695! IMPORTANT ANNOUNCEMENTS for OUR KITCHEN COUNTERTOP LINE CUSTOMERS: LETTER from Kenny Holley to Our Kitchen Countertop Customers PRESS RELEASE: Evans Machinery Acquires Midwest Automation’s Kitchen Countertop Division while Midwest Automation Retains Laminating Division Midwest Automation is pleased to announce that the parent company of Evans Machinery Co. and Ritter Machinery Co., has acquired the kitchen countertop division of Midwest Automation and will be known as “Evans Midwest”. It is important to note that Midwest Automation has retained ownership of its panel laminating division which includes machines and systems for woodworking, door, composite panel, SIP (structural laminated panels), aviation, RV and transportation markets, and all related parts and service. Midwest Automation, a leading U.S. manufacturer of industrial machinery since 1959, will continue to engineer and manufacture a vast product line of machines and systems for the expanding woodworking, composites, and metalworking industries. Read More Wood Composites Metal row row               row row #main .wrapper Midwest Automation 2645 26th Avenue South, Minneapolis, MN 55406 USA Tel: 612-721-5347 Fax: 612-721-1736 sales@midwestautomation.com // END FOOTER - CP Popup Start JOIN OUR EMAIL LIST! SUBMIT NOW Want to Stay in the Loop? .cp-popup-content THANK YOU! We look forward to staying connected! PLEASE CONTACT US if you have any questions. .cp-popup-content .cp-popup-wrapper Overlay Modal popup container 