[HARRY LUCAS - modular textile machines for growing demands]  04321/9877-0  Gadelander Straße 24-26, 24539 Neumünster, Germany Close Navigation Open Navigation COMPANY HEAD OFFICE Germany Production Chemnitz Production Poland Company U.S.A. Office CHINA Picture Gallery Exhibitions Seminars & Events 75th Company Anniversary About Us Company Philosophy Company Products History Media PRODUCTS Machine Overview Circular Knitting Machines: Single-Jersey Circular Knitting Machines: Single-Jersey Plush Circular Knitting Machines: Double-Jersey Circular Knitting Machines: Wire Knitting Flat Knitting Machines Warp Knitting Machines Braiders & Spiraling Machines Special Machines & Units ELHATEX Lubricants ELHATEX 46 Fluid ELHATEX NB 1000 Grease ELHATEX NB 3000 Grease ELHATEX NB 5000 Grease ELHATEX BB 2000 Grease ELHATEX WD SuperFluid ELHATEX SprayTex 01 SERVICE Spare Part Service Technical Support Training and Consulting Used Machines NEWS CONTACT AGENTS Worldwide Agents For Agents Only Agents Wanted JOB OFFERS Diplomand (m/w) LANGUAGE Deutsche Version English Version Search HARRY LUCAS - Modular Textile Machines We are your partner for the development and manufacturing of highly specialized knitting machines in modular systems for customized solutions at best possible prices. Our textile machines are for multi use purposes in technical, medical and fashion industries. We are also well known for the production of spiraling and circular knitting machines for low and high pressure hoses which are used e.g. in the automotive industry. MACHINE CATALOGUES Flip online through our catalogues and see our extensive range of knitting machines and additional units for various production techniques, which will complete and optimize your production line. COMPANY PROFILE Watch a short company profile on our YouTube channel and find out who we are, what we do and how we can support your company with our competent advice. In addition you can see some of our machines in action. ELHATEX Lubricants ELHATEX Lubricants are especially developed and exclusively produced for the lubrication of HARRY LUCAS high performing textile machines - tested and cleared for their special demands. Translate (Google) . Exhibitions & Events Disclaimer Imprint Data Protection Declaration General Terms & Conditions Sitemap © 2019 Maschinenfabrik HARRY LUCAS GmbH & Co. KG You are entitled to view, save and, if necessary, download the contents of our websites for private or journalistic purposes. Any duplication, distribution and/or public accessibility of the contents for other purposes requires our prior written consent. In case of our consent the use is free of charge, whereby however the following copyright notice is to be attached in clearly visible and readable form: © Maschinenfabrik HARRY LUCAS GmbH & Co. KG. Other acts of use are prohibited. This applies in particular to the modification and processing of the contents or parts thereof. A violation of the provisions of this legal notice obliges you to cease and desist and eliminate the consequences, i. e. the affected acts of use must be discontinued and any copies must be destroyed. We reserve the right to assert further claims, in particular claims for damages. Data Protection & Cookies We would like to point out that our website 'lucas-elha.de' uses cookies. HARRY LUCAS takes the protection of your personal data and your privacy very seriously. We do not use any information to identify you or to track your actions without your knowledge. Please read more about this in our Data Protection Declaration . OK 