Romay Corporation – Setting new standards in productivity. About Products Store Ceramic Inserts Cermet Inserts Whisker Ceramic Inserts PCD & pCBN Inserts Silicon Nitride Inserts Discontinued Inserts SC Coating Insert Grades Machining Recommendations Info Troubleshooting Test Results Charts Ceramic Comparison Chart Silicon Nitride Whisker Comparison Chart Carbide Comparison Chart Videos Contact Search 517-769-6662 Login / Register About Products Store Ceramic Inserts Cermet Inserts Whisker Ceramic Inserts PCD & pCBN Inserts Silicon Nitride Inserts Discontinued Inserts SC Coating Insert Grades Machining Recommendations Info Troubleshooting Test Results Charts Ceramic Comparison Chart Silicon Nitride Whisker Comparison Chart Carbide Comparison Chart Videos Contact Carbide, Silicon Nitride, and Whisker Ceramic Indexable Insert Cutting Tools for Over 35 Years. View Our Store Types Of Cutting Tool Inserts In Stock Our cutting tool inserts routinely save your customers money while increasing their overall manufacturing efficiency. We're proud that our inserts are helping in “Setting New Standards in Productivity” for industry. View All   Ceramic Cermet PCD & pCBN Silicon Nitride Whisker Ceramic Ceramic Cutting Tool Experts Since 1977 Why choose Romay? The most obvious reason is our superior quality. Romay has stood the test of time for more than 30 years, and we continue to look to the future. Our newest Silicon Nitride grade, the CC-516, is harder and tougher than previous grades. We can meet your needs with immediate delivery from our stock of over 200,000 inserts, priced well below the competition. Romay products save your customer money while increasing their overall efficiency. We accept blanket orders for up to one year in length. Our minimum order is very low, starting at 10pcs. Our Store   Large Inventory We maintain over 200,000 items in stock. Low Pricing Our inserts are priced well below the competition. Immediate Delivery We know you need items fast, which is why prioritize delivery. Superior Quality All of our items are of the highest quality. About Romay Corporation Romay Corporation has been in the Cutting Tool Industry since 1977. After 36 years with Ford Motor Company, Robert Maynard retired and began a second career, founding Romay. He was part of Ford's Central Staff, the Manufacturing and Development Division, in the Research Department. His specialty was cutting tool inserts, in particular, Ceramics. Robert's son Dave started with Romay in 1981, taking over operations in August of 1996. Over the years we have developed a full line of Ceramic, Silicon Nitride, Whisker Ceramic, and Carbide Inserts, as well as state of the art Tool Coatings. Our quality is second to none, and our prices are extremely competitive. Our Store   Main Links Home About Troubleshooting Test Results Videos Contact Our Products Ceramic Inserts PCD & pCBN Inserts Silicon Nitride Inserts Cermet Inserts Whisker Ceramic Inserts Stay Connected Contact Info Romay Corporation 675 Robinson Rd Jackson, MI 49203 Phone: 517-769-6662 Fax: 517-769-6787 Close off-canvas content Close off-canvas wrapper Type and press "Enter" to search: Searching... 