High Pressure Pumps, Hydro Test Pumps, Triplex Plunger Pumps and Hydro Testing Pumps Manufacturer & Exporter | Precidose Pumps & Systems MSTableType="layout" MSCellType="ContentBody"          HOME        |       ABOUT US         |       APPLICATION       |       PRODUCT        |      CLIENT      |       TESTIMONIALS        |       CONTACT     High Pressure Pump Car Washer High Pressure Cleaners Water Blasting Equipments Hot Water Pressure Washer Hydrotest Pump High Pressure Pump for R.O. Water Jetting Equipments Hydrojetting Machines Pipe & Tube Cleaning Systems Electric Pressure Washer Sewer Jetting Machines Tank Cleaning System Wet Sandblasting Machine Pressure Power Washer     High Pressure Cleaning Hydrostatic Testing Reactor Vessel Tank Cleaning Vehicle, Rail & Aircraft Cleaning Car Pressure Washer Pipe & Tube Cleaning Spraying / Misting / Fogging Sewer Drain Jetting Paint Removal High Pressure Desalination Water Sandblasting Heat Exchanger Tube Cleaning Hydrodemolition Concrete Repair Preparation Waste Water Re-Injection                           High Pressure Power Washers   Hot Pressure Power Washers   Hydroblasting Equipments   Hydrostatic Pressure Testing Pumps   Reciprocating Piston Pump   Wet Sand Blasting   Waterjetting Machine   Triplex Plunger Pump     Welcome to PressureJet ( Formerly Known As Precidose Pumps & Systems )   PressureJet ( Formerly Known As Precidose Pumps & Systems ) is a leading manufacturer of high pressure, positive displacement, reciprocating triplex plunger pumps and relevant accessories. These pumps are most suitable for water jet cleaning, injecting, hydrostatic pressure test, crude oil transfer, reverse osmosis etc.     Vishal Shah , a qualified engineer, visionary & self-styled entrepreneur started the company, in the year 1996. Team of four young men, rental space of 300 Sq.ft. with 5 H.P. power connection, one personal computer and very few conventional machines, was the humble strength of the company. Started with manufacturing small reciprocating pumps & with time we could launch number of innovative products due to customer's faith in us, product quality and constant up gradation of product features. The teamwork efforts resulted in company growing & developing by leaps and bounds.   Today, PressureJet have a work force of more than 50 dedicated people. We have 11000 Sq.ft area in Asia 's premier industrial estate in Ahmedabad. Out of which, 5000 Sq.ft area has been allocated for manufacturing activities, which is having a very unique concept in industry. The company have Full-fledged in house testing facilities to offer quality products to the customers. Power & other facilities are available to test pumps up to 150 H.P. Administration block is spread over 3000 Sq.ft, which is having more than 25 computers network with ERP Solution. The Company with a penchant to perfection, commitment to excellence and meeting world-class standards aims at being a paperless office. Our Product catalouge, Please   click here                             HOME        :       ABOUT US         :       APPLICATION       :         PRODUCT        :       CLIENT       :        TESTIMONIALS        :       CONTACT        