Elizabeth Machines Javascript is disabled on your browser. To view this site, you must enable JavaScript or upgrade to a JavaScript-capable browser. Store Locator Request a Quote Login | Register Store Locator 0 Your cart is empty Home Products Industry Type Brand Select your product category Featured Awnings / Blinds Canvas Products Curtains Embroidery Furniture / Upholstery Quilting Saddlery / Horserugs Shade Sails Signs / Banners Tarps / Covers Other Bags / Footwear Carpet Rugs Clothing / Garments Containment Boom Cured In Place Pipeline Ducting Filtration Geomembrane Inflatables Marine Trimming Marquees / Tents Mattress Packaging Pool Sails Tank Liners Webbing / Harness Featured Automatic Plain Machines Compound Feed Machines Walking Foot Machines Welding Machines Quilting Machines Computerised Pattern Making Automatic Sewing Systems Bartack Machines Overlockers Coverstitch Machines Other Accessories Bag Closing Machines Blind Hemming Machines Button Sewing Machines Buttonhole Machines Carpet Overlocking Machines Chainstitch Machines Cutting Machines Cylinder Arm Machines Embroidery Machines Eyeleting Machines Feed Off The Arm Machines Flat Lock Machines Fusing Press Machines Long Arm Machines Manual Plain Machines Motors Needle Feed Plain Machines Post Bed Machines Programmable Pattern Tackers Steam Iron Machines Twin Needle Machines Zig Zag Machines Featured Juki Miller Weldmaster Union Special Gammill Seiko Eisenkolb StyleCAD Melco Siruba Rasor Other Bieffe Browzwear Elizabeth Hashima Ho Hsing Inderle KM Lightning Megasew New Brain Oshima Protex Racing Silver Star Solent Su Lee Suprena Three King WFX Yamato Company About Us Privacy Policy Terms, Conditions & Warranties Find Us Go Close Miller Weldmaster - Building the most versatile welders in the industry for over 40 years Learn why Miller Weldmaster is the first choice globally for industrial welding solutions Learn More Juki - World leading innovation and quality Elizabeth Machines are Australia’s sole authorised Juki Industrial Sewing Machine distributor and are the only supplier who can offer factory warranty, why risk buying elsewhere?! Learn More Union Special - The finest and most productive bag closing equipment available Contact us to learn how Union Special fixed or portable machine solutions can enhance your operations. Learn More Gammill Quilting Systems - Unrivalled features and quality! Simply the best hand guided and computer controlled quilting systems on the market Learn More StyleCAD - The most Intuitive Pattern Design, Grading and Marking System Learn More Eisenkolb - The world leaders in curtain and blind production automation Contact us to discuss how world class technology can improve your productivity and quality. Learn More Melco - The technical pioneers of the embroidery industry Gain success in the world of embroidery with Melco at your side Learn More Welcome to EM - Explore our new website Our Brands Featured Products More Info AUTOMATIC VERTICAL FABRIC CUTTING M/C More Info UNION SPECIAL BAG CLOSER 240V More Info MILLER HOT WEDGE SEAM SEALER More Info SEIKO 1NDL COMP FD Testimonials Why Elizabeth Machines Gerard Mudford Elizabeth Machines has been a huge part of the success of Omnigraphics providing magnificent machines that have stood the test of time. The level of technical support that Elizabeth Machines provides is outstanding. The knowledge that they have comes from years of experience and with that an unbelievable trust in them and their products. We recommend Elizabeth machines to everyone whether you’re just starting out or have been in the game for many years. Production Manager, Omnigrahics Australia Dean Coates Rick and the team are at the forefront of welding technologies well suited to our PVC business needs. Fleetmark are one of the biggest players in a range of demanding markets. Our requirements are unique and Bespoke. Elizabeth having partnered with Miller, a world industry leader based in the US, was important in building confidence for us in using their products and services. The challenge with all new technologies and breaking new ground is in the implementation and back end support. Elizabeth understand this challenge well and have provided the support and solutions were necessary. Managing Director, Fleetmark Group Nas Foscarni For over ten years, I’ve had only one number in my phone to cover all maintenance. Whether for sewing or cutting equipment, or whether I am buying or repairing, Brendan and Elizabeth Machines have proven themselves to be the most honest and reliable in the business. I don’t have time for anything less. Very professional and very reliable. I highly recommend Elizabeth Machines for all repairs and maintenance. You won’t need anyone else. Operations/Production Manager Smith & Nephew P/L Sophie I have enjoyed operating both StyleCAD and another well known system, but given the choice I would pick StyleCAD any day. It’s clean, simple, intuitive interface and it’s ability to effectively communicate with other systems, makes it a much more sensible and useful program for the industry. I have never used a function in the other well established that wasn't in StyleCAD, and in almost every circumstance StyleCAD is easier to use and better designed. StyleCAD takes far less time to digitise and grade patterns, and the help and support is fantastic. I recommend StyleCAD to anyone using digital pattern making software, even those considering making the switch after using other systems for years. Mary Ellen While I spent many years, since 1999, in companies using another system throughout much of the fashion industry, then I went to XXXX and had to learn StyleCAD, I really felt it was very logical and easy to pick up. I really enjoy working with StyleCAD and can understand why it has become so popular. There are a couple of things that StyleCAD has (that others don't have) that are great for grading, like being able to do proportional grading as you enter the increments in and also "push grading" as I called it. They are two functions that really help with speed and accuracy. Chris Dutt The professionals at Elizabeth Machines are knowledgeable and experienced in the Textile industry. We can always trust them to provide the most efficient solutions and highest quality products. With Elizabeth Machines by our side, we have the confidence to continue growing our business. Director, Imperial Curtains Carol Nicholls We have found Elizabeth Machines to provide excellent post-sales support through the settling in process of owning our new Gammill machine, with them often going “above and beyond” when help is required. They truly show total dedication to, and belief in, their product. A great Company to deal with and we have no hesitation in recommending them to others. Sewn & Quilted Adam Heath I can remember meeting you at a sign show about 6 years ago and going through the demo and having a go myself. I said I would definitely be buying one of those machines from you one day, not thinking it was going to be that long! We have been outsourcing our banner finishing forever, always trying to meet those, what seemed to be short deadlines all the time. After taking the leap and purchasing the machine we can now turnaround banners same day, rather than 3-4 days. Basically when the machine is printing the banner we turn the machine on and set up the trimming table, trim the banner and hem, it’s in the showroom ready to call the client. The guys enjoy using it and know if they need any assistance you are only a phone call away and will have an idea or solution ready to go. I would highly recommend the well-made machine and Elizabeth Machines for all of your banner finishing equipment. Signarama, Ballarat Family We’re a family owned and operated business delivering exceptional service and products to our customers for years, in fact, Elizabeth Machines is almost 60 years old and the Capron Carter company is over 100 years established. Quality We are proud to be the sole authorised distributor for many of the worlds leading brands including Juki, Union Special, Miller Weldmaster, Eisenkolb, Siruba and more. Country-wide We’re the largest supplier in Australia with Company branches in four States, plus a wide network of independent dealers supporting us right across the Country. Support With multiple qualified technicians in each branch, a huge spare parts and accessory inventory and offering the best warranty policy in the industry, we’re ready to support you and our products now and into the future. Know How Our staff are extremely experienced across a huge variety of industries and applications, we have the people and the products to help you succeed in your hobby or your large business. View By Industry Clothing / Garments Signs / Banners Awnings / Blinds Canvas Products Tarps / Covers Curtains Quilting Machines Shade Sails Saddlery / Horserugs Packaging Back to Top Melbourne 876 Lorimer St Port Melbourne, VIC 3207 P. (03) 8671 0000 F. (03) 8671 0055 Sydney 189 Parramatta Rd Homebush West, NSW 2140 P. (02) 9764 4455 F. (02) 9764 1449 Adelaide 167B Richmond Road Richmond, SA 5033 P. (08) 8352 1882 F. Not Used Brisbane 1A/10 Compton Rd Underwood, QLD 4119 P. (07) 3209 1244 F. (07) 3209 1433 Company About Us Privacy Policy Terms, Conditions & Warranties Find Us EM Newsletter Sign Up Submit © 2019 Elizabeth Machines Co. ABN: 83 823 216 368 SuiteCommerce Advanced Vinson [ bundle_id "" ] [ baselabel "SCA_Vinson" ] [ version "Vinson" ] [ datelabel "2016.00.00" ] [ buildno "0" ] 531 s: 25% #97 cache: 4% #54 Host [ sh32.prod.sea ] App Version [ 2019.1.0.105 ] COMPID [ 4246824 ] URL [ /s.nl ] Time [ Wed Jul 17 20:58:29 PDT 2019 ] Not logging slowest SQL 