Sonic Corporation | Homogenizers, Blending Systems and Colloid Mills Facebook YouTube LinkedIn Call Today: (203) 375-0063 Equipment Homogenizer Blending Systems Process Systems Pumping Systems Colloid Mills Colloid Mills for Sale Propeller Mixer Cat Pumps Waukesha Pumps & Valves Panel Building Applications Adhesives Pesticides Beverages Silicones Titanium Dispersion Wax Emulsions Fumed Silica Grease SLES Lotions Flavor Emulsions Wet Wipe Fluids Processes Homogenizing Emulsifying Blending Deagglomerating | Deagglomeration Milling Industries Chemical Manufacturing Cosmetics & Toiletries Food & Beverage Pharmaceutical About Us About Sonic Corp. Mission People Capabilities Lab Testing Services Rental Systems The Art of Manufacturing Blog Contact Us A Homogenizer That Exceeds Your Expectations! Customized Homogenizer Systems With Multiple-Feed Processing That Reduces Cycle Times And Saves Money Learn More Blending Systems Customized to Work in Your Plant! Continuous or On-Demand Blending And Mixing That Reduces Labor Time And Eliminates Errors Learn More Colloid Mills with Superior 3 - Stage Shearing Edges! Designed with a Patented Multi-Angular System to Subject Material to a Higher Degree of Grinding Learn More Custom Process Skids & Pumping Systems Customized And Fabricated With Outstanding Quality And Craftsmanship! Learn More Small to Mid Size Propeller Mixers & Agitators For Mixing And Dispersing In Small Tanks, Totes, And Drums! Learn More Process Equipment, Homogenizers and Blending Systems Sonic Corp designs and builds custom equipment for emulsifying, dispersing and blending a wide range of fluids in the chemical personal care and pharma and food and beverage industries. Our customers entrust our skill and craftsmanship in the construction of process systems and custom pumping systems used in factories across the globe. READ MORE Craftsmanship READ MORE Trusted Partners READ MORE Custom Design & Build READ MORE Our Story We Solve Your Mixing Problems! We have been in business for over 65 years helping companies large and small to process better emulsions and dispersions within the Chemical, Food & Beverage, Pharmaceutical and Cosmetic industries. Whether it be a custom high pressure homogenizer to create very fine droplet sizes in a lotion or a colloid mill to grind and disperse titanium, Sonic is here to help improve your processing capabilities. We design and fabricate in line blending systems and in line mixers to help you save on labor and reduce on waste. READ MORE Homogenizers and Colloid Mills for Chemical Manufacturing READ MORE Cosmetic Industry Emulsion Systems READ MORE Food & Beverage Industry Mixers, Homogenizers and Colloid Mills READ MORE Sanitary and Hygienic Pharmaceutical Mixing Equipment 1 Research Drive Stratford, CT 06615 United States (203) 375-0063 Copyright ©2017. All Rights Reserved Facebook YouTube LinkedIn 