Resistance Welding Machine Manufacturer | Automation International Skip to navigation Skip to content (217) 446-9500 Sales@automation-intl.com The Leading Supplier of Manufacturing Equipment Serving the Welding and Metalforming Industry Worldwide. Menu Home-page Products Wheel Manufacturing Resistance Welding Equipment ARC / Laser Welding Equipment Robotics/Automation Weld Control Systems Resistance Welding Transformers Tire Molds Rebuild/Retrofit/Remanufacture Used Equipment Capabilities Industries Served Services Replacement Parts Field Service Request a Quote Company Company History Careers Contact Us Home-page Products Wheel Manufacturing Resistance Welding Equipment ARC / Laser Welding Equipment Robotics/Automation Weld Control Systems Resistance Welding Transformers Tire Molds Rebuild/Retrofit/Remanufacture Used Equipment Capabilities Industries Served Services Replacement Parts Field Service Request a Quote Company Company History Careers Contact Us #site-navigation #masthead Precision Through Automation SEE OUR PRODUCT IN ACTION (Click on the pictures below to enlarge them) Assurance Plus® - The Complete Weld Control System for Flash Or Butt (Upset) Welding Electric High Speed Roll Forming Machine Automation International, Inc. located in Danville, Illinois, is a Resistance Welding Machine Manufacturer.  We are a full engineering and manufacturing facility that designs and produces a variety of custom-designed, automated resistance welding machines and metalworking solutions. This Resistance Welding Equipment is state-of-the-art systems and are custom designed to handle specified customer requirements. Our facility is over 100,000 sq. ft. and houses our staff made up of Journeymen, Mechanics, Electrical and Hydraulic Technicians, Electrical and Mechanical Engineers and our Sales/Support Team. Our customers stretch across the entire globe. We just celebrated our 25th anniversary as Automation International, Inc. and with over a hundred years of combined history , knowledge, experience and our excellent staff, Automation International can custom design a welder and provide high-tech solutions to fit the needs of our customers all over the world. Whether you need a single welding or metalforming solution or a fully integrated, automated and multi-functional system, we will design and build exactly what you need for the success of your business. Just let us know your requirements and we will design the perfect system for your company, using High-tech, State-of-the-Art Robotics, Laser, and other new energy technology.  It could be an Automated Resistance Welding Machine like a Flash Butt Welder, Butt Welder or a complete line of  Wheel Rim Manufacturing Equipment. Excellent quality and service combined with a highly innovative team, places Automation International, Inc. as the Leading supplier and the best in the business for Custom-Designed, Automated Resistance Welding and Machine Manufacturer. Automation International has served a diverse group of industries, including: Wheel Manufacturing Construction Appliance Furniture Oil & Gas Automotive Agriculture Aerospace Military Other Metalworking . . . and a diverse group of Technologies: All Material Joining Processes, Forming, Product Handling, Material Removing, Gauging & Measuring, Product & Process Tracking, Robotics, Validation - Testing Methods . . . (Press here to see a complete list of our Capabilities) (Press here to see a complete list of Industries that we have served) CLICK HERE TO SEE OUR YOU TUBE CHANNEL Request a Quote Our Products Contact Us .entry-content #post-## #main #primary .col-full #content AUTOMATED WELDING & METAL WORKING MACHINERY Copyright © Automation International, Inc. All rights reserved. 1020 Bahls Street, Danville, IL 61832 Phone: (217) 446-9500, Fax: (217) 446-6855 www.automation-intl.com .footer-widgets.row-1 Copyright © 2017 Automation International, Inc. All rights reserved. .col-full #colophon #page 