 Quality Sandblasting Equipment For Every Need | Made in the USA! Call Factory Direct: 866.204.7068   end header Menu Home Products Wet Blasting Cabinets Light Duty Blast Cabinets R&D General Purpose Blasting Cabinets Micro Industrial Sandblasters Sandcarving Blast Cabinets Automotive Sandblasting Cabinets Industrial Sandblast Cabinets Tumble Barrel & Basket Blasters Dust Collectors and Support Products Pollution Control Benches Specials & Semi-Automated Blasters Technical Support Machine Buying Guide Sand Blasting Basics Compressed Air Basics Compressed Air Usage Glass Bead Conversion Chart Grit Size Conversion Chart Frequently Asked Questions Dictionary of Terms & Options Literature Matrix Parts & Manuals Company Contact Us General Inquiries Special & Semi-Automated Machines Request Parts & Manuals Videos Blog end top-nav end navigation end home-level-1 Wet Blasting Cabinets Hurricane Wet Blaster Industrial Sandblast Cabinets Power Strip Direct Pressure Micro Industrial Sandblasters Precision Blast Tumble Barrel & Basket Blasters TB-4 Tumble Barrel Light Duty Blast Cabinets Cobra Dust Collectors & Support Equipment 4-Cartridge, 880 sq. ft. Sandcarving Blast Cabinets CrystalBlast Elite Automotive Sandblasting Cabinets Dominator Siphon Sandblasting Cabinet R&D Blasting Cabinets Shop Standard Specials / Automation PLC Automation Down Draft Work Benches Tornado Down-Draft Bench end home-carousel A Sandblasting Cabinet for Every Application We offer more than 170 standard models and sizes of blast cabinets, and over 80 optional features for increased productivity, durability, and operator safety. Our extensive line of Wet, Dry, Siphon and Direct Pressure sandblast cabinet models includes specialty machines for sandcarving, glass etching, precision focused micro blasting, plastic stripping, soda blasting, tumble part processing and shot peening. Cartridge dust collectors, HEPA after filters and separate standing timed reverse pulse cleaning dust collectors are included as standard sandblasting equipment or available option upgrades. With each machine model and feature, Media Blast and Abrasive, Inc. has built a strong reputation based on: Superior sand blast cabinet visibility Cleanest running operation Smallest machine footprint Largest dust collector filter surface area How to Buy the Right Machine the First Time! Media Blast is committed to helping businesses and consumers buy the right sandblast cabinet the first time. Our unique Buying Guide takes customers through a series of questions designed to deliver them to the right blasting cabinet for their application. Use our Buying Guide Demo video for a quick explanation of how the Buying Guide works. A History of Excellence In 1977, Media Blast and Abrasive, Inc. began manufacturing abrasive blast cabinets. Since then, we have put together one of the largest, most complete lines of wet and dry sandblasting cabinets offered in the industry. We remain dedicated to supplying customers with superior quality, workmanship and dependability with every piece of sandblasting equipment we build. Competing manufacturers do not offer many of our standard and optional features. Our mission is to offer the best variety of light duty and production sandblasters, at competitive prices, with a value unmatched in the industry today. To that end, Media Blast builds dependable semi-automatic, custom and special, one-of-a-kind units to fit even the toughest application requirements. There is a reason the Media Blast Brand Name is now an Internationally Recognized Trade Name 100% Manufactured in USA All Media Blast and Abrasive machines are manufactured in the U.S.A. at our state-of-the-art facility in Brea, California. Our employees are trained to assist customers in selecting the right sand blast cabinet that will best suit their needs. We invite our customers to call the factory for answers to any questions they may have about our sandblasting equipment or blasting in general. end container end home-bottom Information Home Literature Matrix Parts & Manuals Company Contact Us Site Map Privacy Policy Products Wet Blasters Industrial Blasters Micro Industrial Blasters Tumble Blasters Light Duty Blasters Dust Collectors Sandcarving Blasters Automotive Blasters R&D Blasters Specials & Semi-automated Pollution Control Benches Technical Support Machine Buying Guide Media Blasting Basics Compressed Air Basics Compressed Air Usage Glass Bead Conversion Chart Grit Size Conversion Chart Frequently Asked Questions Dictionary of Terms & Options Contact Us 591 W. Apollo St. Brea, CA 92821 Call Us Today Discuss your application 866-204-7068 Sign Up for Updates end footer-info end row end container end footer copyright © 2015 Media Blast & Abrasives, Inc. All Rights Reserved. end copyright 