Welcome to Panapars. S5 Ameritage Medical - шаблон joomla Продвижение Top Vertex Calls Call top bar for mobile devices if layout is responsive s5_responsive_mobile_top_bar_spacer must be called to keep a space at the top of the page since s5_responsive_mobile_top_bar_wrap is position absolute. s5_responsive_mobile_top_bar_wrap must be called off the page and not with display:none or it will cause issues with the togglers. Home Home Products Medical Laboratory and healthcare Equipments Medical Imaging Hospital Equipment Diagnostic Products QC products for Industry Rubber and Polymer Industry Textile and paper and packaging Oil, gas, petrochemical Meteorology and Environment Research Centers and University Laboratories Agencies Services Customers Employment About Us Contact Us Username Password Remember Me Log in Forgot your username? Forgot your password? Register You need to enable user registration from User Manager/Options in the backend of Joomla before this module will activate. Fixed Tabs Drop Down Parallax Backgrounds Floating Menu Spacer Body Padding Div Used For Responsive Spacing Header +98 (21) 88 77 29 55 (12 lines) Search ... Login Home Products Medical Laboratory and healthcare Equipments Medical Imaging Hospital Equipment Diagnostic Products QC products for Industry Rubber and Polymer Industry Textile and paper and packaging Oil, gas, petrochemical Meteorology and Environment Research Centers and University Laboratories Agencies Services Customers Employment About Us Contact Us End Header Top Row1 Automotive Industry Pana Pars is a leading supplier of laboratory equipment , instruments and after sales services. Hospital Equipment Pana Pars is a leading supplier of laboratory equipment , instruments and after sales services. Environmental and Weather Pana Pars is a leading supplier of laboratory equipment , instruments and after sales services. Medical Imaging Pana Pars is a leading supplier of laboratory equipment , instruments and after sales services. Packaging Pana Pars is a leading supplier of laboratory equipment , instruments and after sales services. Oil, gas and petrochemicals Pana Pars is a leading supplier of laboratory equipment , instruments and after sales services. Textile Industry Pana Pars is a leading supplier of laboratory equipment , instruments and after sales services. Rubber Industry Pana Pars is a leading supplier of laboratory equipment , instruments and after sales services. End Top Row1 Top Row2 Medical and Laboratory Equipments medical Certificates for medical and laboratory equipments are achieved   Panapars has recently certified to import Medical and Laboratory Equipments. Many years of experience for QC products import and after sales service enables Panapars to stay among the best. more info ... Research Centers Laboratories Research Centers wide range of equipments for research centers   Research centers are one of the major customers of Panaprs. Offering wide range of products Panapars facilitates research nationwide more info ... QC products for Industry Quality Control our products show you the quality of your products   Panapars has an old hand in supplying Equipments for industrial QC laboratories. Many factories send their inquiries to panapars every day and tend to purchase from Panapars. more info ... End Top Row2 Top Row3 Oil and Gas Rubber and Polymer Meteorology Oil, gas, petrochemical Aniline point analyzer Automatic atmospheric distillation apparatus Automatic houillon viscometer Automatic lab analyzer network management software Automatic viscometer tubes cleaner Certified reference materials and check standards Cloud and pour point tester Cold cracking simulator Copper strip corrosion testing apparatus Density meter more info ... Rubber and Polymer Rubber and Polymer Rubber and Polymer Rubber and Polymer Rubber and Polymer Rubber and Polymer Rubber and Polymer Meteorology Meteorology Meteorology Meteorology Meteorology Meteorology Latest News News Number 3 news about panpars company. Read More... News Number 2 news about panpars company. News Number 1 news about panpars company. Main Menu Home Products Agencies Services Customers Employment About Us Contact Us End Top Row3 Center area End Center area Bottom Row1 End Bottom Row1 Bottom Row2 Agencies End Bottom Row2 Unit 8, No 42, Tak Building, Vanak St., Tehran 19919 – Iran +98 (21) 88 77 29 55 (12 lines) Bottom Row3 products Medical Laboratory and healthcare Equipments Medical Imaging Hospital Equipment Diagnostic Products QC products for Industry Rubber and Polymer Industry Textile and paper and packaging Oil, gas, petrochemical Meteorology and Environment Research Centers and University Laboratories Contact Us Address: Unit 8, No 42, Tak Building, Vanak St., Tehran 19919 – Iran   Phone: +98 (21) 88 77 29 55 (12 lines)   Fax: +98 (21) 88 78 96 84 Address Powered by Joomla Gadgets from kksou.com http://www.kksou.com/php-gtk2/Joomla-Gadgets/googleMaps-plugin.php Powered by JoomlaGadgets End Bottom Row3 Footer Area Copyright © 2019. panapars. Designed by Shape5.com Joomla Templates Home Products Agencies Services Customers Employment About Us Contact Us End Footer Area Bottom Vertex Calls Page scroll, tooltips, multibox, and ie6 warning Start compression if enabled Additional scripts to load just before closing body tag Info Slide script - JS and CSS called in header File compression. Needs to be called last on this file Responsive Bottom Mobile Bar Call bottom bar for mobile devices if layout is responsive Call mobile links if links are enabled and cookie is currently set to mobile Desktop Version Call bottom bar for all devices if user has chosen to see desktop version End Body Padding 