 Dicing Blade Products From Industrial Tools, Inc Dicing Blades Product Catalog Solutions Careers Contact English 中文（简体） 中文（繁體） Contact ITI Dicing Blades Fine Grinding Plates Hubs, Arbors, Spacers Dressing Boards & Sticks Slitter Knives View All Products ITI Dicing Blades More Than 50 Years of Excellence in Dicing Solutions Contact Us Today! Dicing Blades, Fine Grinding Plates & More ITI is a world leading manufacturer of superabrasive products focused on Precision Dicing Blades and Fine-Grinding (Flat-Honing) Plates. Our products are used globally on an infinite variety of applications including semiconductor packaging, glass, ceramics, crystals, composites, silicon carbide, hard disk drives, compound semiconductors, Chip-LED, HP LED (High Power LED), quartz, and also a variety of metals. All of the superabrasive products that ITI provides are custom tailored for your application and process. We maintain our global presence with local representatives to serve our customers in over 25 countries. We are continuously improving our R&D and manufacturing process to enhance the quality & life of our products, which allows us to reduce the total cost-of-ownership for our customers. Please contact us to review your process and allow us to provide you with a cutting or grinding solution. Browse our PDF Data Sheets Custom Solutions BGA (Ball-Grid Array) QFN (Quad Flat No Lead) LED (Light-Emitting Diode) CMOS (Complementary Metal-Oxide Semiconductor) DWDM (Dense Wavelength Division Mulitplexing) Filters HDD (Hard Disk Drive) Semiconductor Wafer Metal Powder parts (MP) Seal Rings Stamped Components Inserts Shear Slitter Knives Industry Partners      ITI Dicing & Fine Grinding Products Dicing Blades and Wheels ITI's precision dicing blades are manufactured for mounting to hubs and arbors on special saw machines for precision singulating, slicing, dicing and slotting semiconductor components, hard disk drive heads, precision glass components, etc. These dicing blades can be as thin as 0.003” (75 microns), and the dicing blades range in size from 0.5” to 8” O.D. (12mm to 200mm). Dicing Blades Brochure   View Product Detail Fine Grinding (Fixed Abrasive) Plates Used on fine grinding machines as a replacement for lapping processes for parts that require high parallelism and close dimensional control. Diameter of plates range from 450mm (17”) to over 1000mm (40”). Fine-Grinding/Flat-Honing Brochure   View Product Detail Hubs, Arbors and Spacers Used with dicing blades and wheels to ensure accurate mounting and alignment of individual dicing blades and gang applications. Arbors and hubs are typically made from aluminum, while spacers can be made from ceramic, carbide or titanium. Arbors, Hubs & Spacers Brochure   View Product Detail Dressing Boards and Sticks Typically made using a vitrified bond, these products extend the useful lives of dicing blades by freeing the abrasive particles. Dressing Plates & Sticks Brochure   View Product Detail ITI provides world leading high precision and quality blades for cutting ceramics such as alumina oxide, alumina nitride, LTCC, HTCC. Other applications include cutting crystals such as sapphire, lithium tantalate, lithium niobate. Glass, fused silica, quartz, silicon wafers, garnet, copper, mold compound and epoxy are many of the hard and brittle materials that are easily cut with ITI dicing blades. Whether your product is ICs, CSP, MLF, QFN, DFN, BGA, PCB, or MEMS, you will be impressed with our superior cut quality, long blade life, and throughput achieved using our custom made dicing blades to cut your substrates. Please feel free to contact us to request your customized dicing solution. Clear Cache © 2019 Industrial Tools, Inc. English    中文（简体）   中文（繁體） ITI Home | About Us | Career Opportunities | Tell Us Your Story | Company History | Contact ITI | Data Sheets | E-Press Kit | FAQ's | Mission Statement | Product Catalog | ITI Solutions | Support | Support Request | Terms & Policies | 