Femco USA – HIGH QUALITY CNC MACHINES SINCE 1958 Skip to content HIGH QUALITY CNC MACHINES SINCE 1958 #site-identity .site-branding Home About Us Product Line Our Services Contact Us #site-navigation #masthead Welcome to Femco We are a leading producer of high quality CNC machines tools of diverse sizes and capabilities. Our goal is to provide the specific solutions to … "Welcome to Femco" .entry-content Read more .read-more .featured-slider-content .container .slick-item Lots Of Features FEMCO machines tools are engineered with an abundance of innovative features for increasing precision, productivity, and operator efficiency. Various FEMCO models are equipped with specific … "Lots Of Features" .entry-content Read more .read-more .featured-slider-content .container .slick-item A Better Future Our mission is to provide top quality machine tools to companies through our network of highly qualified machine tool distributors. Your success is our success, … "A Better Future" .entry-content Read more .read-more .featured-slider-content .container .slick-item .featured-slider-wrapper #featured-slider Parts Department Although FEMCO machine tools are built to last, occasionally some parts do wear out. If you require replacement parts for your older FEMCO machines, please … "Parts Department" .entry-content Read more .read-more .featured-services-content Service Department FEMCO has available well trained and dedicated Service Engineers to maintain and keep your FEMCO machines producing precision parts. If you have any question about … "Service Department" .entry-content Read more .read-more .featured-services-content Machine Specials Markdowns and Machine specials. Check often for changes and updates .entry-content Read more .read-more .featured-services-content .featured-services-wrapper #featured-services Welcome To FEMCO USA Femco, is a manufacturer of finely crafted CNC machines manufactured in Taiwan. The line of CNC machines includes lathes, vertical lathes, and horizontal boring mills, vertical machining centers, and wheel turning centers. Affordable pricing and dependable performance are traditions at our company. FEMCO has been manufacturing metalworking tools since 1958. Our years of experience and expertise offer the finest machine tools in the industry. Our mission is to provide top quality machine tools to companies through our network of highly qualified machine tool distributors. We make it our business to increase yours. If your shop is looking for quality metalworking tools, browse through our line of CNC machines to find the perfect solution. Contact our sales department for more information Interested in learning more how Femco CNC Machines can help your business? Call us today for more information and a Free Price Quote Call us Today! .buttons .container #call-to-action Meet Our CNC Machines .featured-image Vertical Machining Centers FEMCO-FIRST Vertical Machining Centers for production of high precision parts. Models range from fast Roller Guide VMC’s to heavy duty, Large Box Way machine Featuring … "Vertical Machining Centers" .team-contents-wrapper .team-item-wrapper .team-item .featured-image Turning Centers FEMCO Turning Centers for high Volume production of high precision cylindrical parts featuring lathes with various capacities at competitive prices. .team-contents-wrapper .team-item-wrapper .team-item .featured-image Wheel Machines FEMCO Wheel Machines for high volume production of wheels of superb quality. Models available for all aspects of wheel machining from machining specifically designed for … "Wheel Machines" .team-contents-wrapper .team-item-wrapper .team-item .entry-content .container #our-team Make An Appointment Your Name (required) Your Email (required) Subject Your Message Femco USA 7142 Belgrave Avenue, Garden Grove CA 92841 714-898-2066 Sales@Femcousa.com #address .entry-content .entry-container .entry-footer #post-## #main #primary .container #content Return To Top Copyright © 2019 Femco Inc 7142 Belgrave Ave Garden Grove · CA. 92841 · United States (714) 898-2066 . .row .container/.footer-widget-area #colophon #page ngg_resource_manager_marker 