 Alliedequip - Home, Rotary Lifts Michigan ALI Certified Lift Inspection Home Rotary Auto Lift Specialists – 2 Post Lift, 4 Post Lift, Inground Lift, Hydraulic Lift, Scissor Lift, Parallelogram Lift – Serving Rotary Lifts Michigan and automotive equipment for over 90 years. PHONE: (734) 665-4419 TOLL FREE: 1-800-589-4419 Ann Arbor • Michigan REQUEST INFORMATION CONTACT US       Lifts and Hoists Sales Home Garage Lifts Air Compressors Fluid Handling Equipment Wheel Service Equipment Lifts and Hoist Air Compressors Annual Lift Inspections Graco Hunter Quincy Rotary Rotary Model Search Hunter Model Search Commercial Four-Post Lifts Four-Post Lifts Lift Accessories Mid-Rise Lifts Motorcycle Lifts Revolution Rolling Bridge Two-Post Lifts Information Request Service Request Home Sales And Installation Automotive Service Manufacturers Revolution Series Contact To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video Sales and Installation   Because of our years of experience in planning, selling, installing, and maintaining vehicle lifts, we at Allied, Inc., are uniquely qualified to guide you in your purchase of vehicle lifts for any setting. Lifts and Hoists Home Garage Lifts Air Compressors Fluid Handling Equipment Wheel Service Equipment   Learn More Services   We offer a range of preventive maintenance plans, as well as emergency repair service, that meets all the State of Michigan's requirements. we'll partner with you to make sure your automotive service equipment stays in top operating form. Lifts and Hoists Air Compressors Annual Lift Inspections   Learn More Vehicle Lifts, Wheel Alignment Products, Lubrication Systems, Air Compressors and Other Vehicle Service Equipment Experience You Can Trust Rotary® Automotive Lift Systems ∙  Quincy Air Compressors ∙ Graco Lubrication Systems Allied, Inc. has been in the automotive service business for nearly 90 years. From our beginnings in 1918, assembling batteries for motorcars, we’ve grown into one of the largest distributors of vehicle service equipment in the nation. We sell, install, maintain, and service vehicle service equipment for a growing list of customers, including auto dealerships, service garages, fleet operations, hobbyists, and do-it-yourselfers. At Allied, Inc., we pride ourselves on offering equipment manufactured by the industry leaders, including Rotary lifts , Quincy air compressors , and Graco lubrication systems . When you’re looking for a company you can trust — whose staff know what they’re doing and care about the quality and reliability of the equipment they’re offering — Allied, Inc., is the company you can trust. Allied, Inc. headquarters is based in Ann Arbor, Michigan. Our employees offer years of experience to meet your needs. You can visit our Ann Arbor offices or we’ll come onsite to your location, to assess your needs, make recommendations on the equipment that will work the best for you, complete your purchase order, arrange for delivery and installation, and draw up a service agreement that will keep your equipment in good working order for years to come. If you’ve worked with us before and are returning with your next order, we are pleased that we’ve earned your trust. If this will be your first visit with us at Allied, Inc., we can assure you that you’re in good hands. There are few that are as well acquainted with the vehicle service equipment market as we are. We have longstanding relationships with the top manufacturers in the field and a long list of customers who will be happy to tell you anything you want to know about what it’s like to work with us. Whether you’re planning for a future investment in vehicle service equipment, need consultation on the equipment that’s right for your operation, or are ready to place your order, we want you to come to Allied, Inc. Once you do, you’ll be happy you did, and we’ll be proud to count you as a satisfied Allied, Inc., customer. Rotary Vehicle Lift Specialists SmartLifts® ∙ Auto Lifts ∙ 2 Post Lifts ∙ 4 Post Lifts ∙ In-Ground Lifts ∙ Parallelogram Lifts ∙ Alignment Racks ∙ Portable Lifts ∙ Heavy Duty Lifts ∙ ALM ∙ Amco ∙ Benwill ∙ BendPak ∙ Challenger/VBM ∙ Forward ∙ Gilbarco ∙ Globe/Wayne ∙ Manitowoc ∙ Mohawk ∙ Rotary ∙ Trion ∙ Weaver With our years of experience in planning, selling, installing, and maintaining vehicle lifts, we at Allied, Inc., are uniquely qualified to guide you in your purchase of vehicle lifts for any setting. Whether you need to purchase one auto lift for your independent garage or replace an in-ground lift for your fleet operations, or are planning an organization-wide investment in automotive lifts in several locations, we at Allied, Inc., have the experience and knowledge to give you the help you need. Request Quotation.   Rotary Lifts Michigan Lubrication Systems Allied, Inc. is proud to offer our customers a lubrication system by Graco, a world-wide leader in fluid handling since 1926. Our knowledgeable staff can consult with you at your work site and introduce you to the Graco pumps, meters, valves, reels, and other fluid-handling equipment that we feel will create efficiencies in your shop. Request Quotation. Air Compressors by Quincy and Champion Allied, Inc. is pleased to offer our customers Quincy and Champion air compressors , which provide consistent and efficient air pressure for shop tools and shop machines. Additionally, ZEKS compressed air solutions offer an economical and effective means for removing contaminants from the air stream. With proper care and use, air compressors by Quincy and Champion will stand up to the demands your technicians place on them and will provide the air you need longer than competitive units will. Because there is a range of models to choose from, you’ll benefit from personal consultation with our staff at Allied, Inc., so you can make the most practical choice of air compressor for your shop’s needs. Request Quotation. Preventative Maintenance and Emergency Service We are interested in partnering with you to make sure your vehicle lifts and air compressor products get the care they need for problem-free operation. Allied, Inc. offers a range of preventive maintenance plans, including those that provide for quarterly, semiannual, or annual visits, in which we assess both the operational and performance characteristics of your vehicle lifts or air compressor equipment. Of course, in between preventive maintenance visits, we’ll visit your shop as needed, to assess and repair your equipment and keep your work site functioning with minimal disruption. Service Request. Annual MIOSHA Inspections for Vehicle Lifts Allied, Inc. performs thousands of inspections every year on vehicle lifts. By having our knowledgeable technicians inspect your vehicle lifts, you’ll meet the State of Michigan’s requirement for annual lift inspections. But in addition to meeting that requirement, having us at Allied, Inc., inspect your vehicle lifts means you’ve committed yourself to maintaining the safety and security of your lift’s operation. When we inspect each vehicle lift at your worksite, we’ll not only complete a record of that inspection that you can maintain in your files and meet insurance company requirements, we’ll also talk to you about what we’ve found. We’ll discuss with you our conclusions about how your lift performed and our recommendations for any adjustments or service that will help correct problems and extend the life of your equipment. When you ask Allied, inc., to inspect your lifts, you can trust us to give you information you can use to keep your lifts performing well. Service Request. We Work Closely with You Every Step of the Way From planning for your equipment investment to delivery, installation, and ongoing maintenance, we at Allied, Inc., are interested in working closely with you to make sure the equipment you’ve purchased is the best choice for the work you have to do and that it continues to perform the way it’s meant to. After you’ve purchased your automotive service equipment from us, we’ll partner with you to make sure it stays in top operating form. Contact our knowledgeable staff at Allied, Inc., to guide you through the process of selecting the right automotive service equipment for your location. At Allied, Inc., we’ll give you the information you need to make the best decision you can.   Rotary Lifts Michigan  Rotary Lifts Quick Contact   Name   Company Phone   Email   Type   Information Request Estimate Request Revolution Series Sales Request Service Request Description   Submit Please wait ... Home Sales And Installation Automotive Service Manufacturers Revolution Series Contact   Allied, Inc. Rotary Auto Lift Specialists – 2 Post Lift, 4 Post Lift, Inground Lift, Hydraulic Lift, Scissor Lift, Parallelogram Lift – Serving Rotary Lifts Michigan and automotive equipment for over 90 years. 240 Metty Drive P.O. Box: Ste. D PO Box 988 Ann Arbor Michigan 48106 United States 