MiQ Partners | Contract Manufacturing | Custom Automation Load Top Bar info@miqpartners.com 513.772.7000 Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ / End Top Bar Only load if Mobile Search Widget Area is Enabled Search for: / End Mobile Search Left Logo with menu below Search for: /cg-extras /rightnav /container /row /cg-logo-inner-cart-wrap /cg-logo-cart-wrap /container /cg-menu-below Services Custom Automation Build To Print Contract Manufacturing System Integration Machining Industries Life Sciences / Medical Devices Consumer Aerospace Industrial Semiconductor and Solar Energy Automotive Food & Beverage Sports Quality MiQ Advantages Program Management About MiQ Downloads Timeline Events Blog Case Studies Contact Locations Careers FIXED /rightnav Services Custom Automation Build To Print Contract Manufacturing System Integration Machining Industries Life Sciences / Medical Devices Consumer Aerospace Industrial Semiconductor and Solar Energy Automotive Food & Beverage Sports Quality MiQ Advantages Program Management About MiQ Downloads Timeline Events Blog Case Studies Contact Locations Careers /cg-wp-menu-wrapper /container /row /cg-primary-menu /cg-wp-menu-wrapper /container /cg-header-fixed /cg-header-fixed-wrapper. Skip to content Services Custom Automation Build To Print Contract Manufacturing System Integration Machining Industries Life Sciences / Medical Devices Consumer Aerospace Industrial Semiconductor and Solar Energy Automotive Food & Beverage Sports Quality MiQ Advantages Program Management About MiQ Downloads Timeline Events Blog Case Studies Contact Locations Careers /mobile-menu April 3, 2019 by Nick Mouledous April 3, 2019 by Nick Mouledous Introducing the Intelligent Choice for Manufacturing You’ve known us for decades as TSS Technologies and R&3D. We have now combined our operations, integrated our teams to provide a bigger range of expertise and services to customers, and changed our name. We are now MiQ Partners, offering what matters most to the success of any manufacturing project: The human touch backed by years of proven intelligence and insights for creating solutions that deliver outcomes, efficiencies and margins for customers across all industries. Not only do we bring intellectual depth to each project we do, we bring your intelligent ideas to life using best-in-class technology for automation, robotics, machine vision, precision part handling, assembly, testing, inspection, and more. Services in Which We Excel Custom Automation Build to Print Contract Manufacturing System Integration Contract Services Machining Who We Are We are team of diverse engineers, project managers, supply chain managers, and business executives that are crazy excited about taking our clients’ intellectual assets – ideas, patents, strategies – and making them realities that meet business goals for functionality, efficiencies, competitiveness and profit margins. It’s the “human intelligence” that really sets us apart from other manufacturing companies. We bring much more than our distinct knowledge and proven processes to your projects, and the exceptional service and communications we are known for. We become one of you. As a member of your team, your challenges are ours to solve, your budget is ours to protect, your schedule to Go To Market is our pressing mandate. Our team members bring years of experience achieving precise and profitable outcomes for some of the world’s largest brands in Life Sciences, Consumer Product Goods, Automotive, Aerospace, and more. MiQ serves clients all over the world from two convenient locations: Cincinnati, Ohio and Carlsbad, California. Proven Partners for Excellence Industry-specific Experience • Integrated Staff/Customer Team • Highly-Acclaimed Service and Systems • Strategic support for on-spot solutions Specialists for: Medical Device / Life Sciences Consumer Goods Industrial Aerospace Leadership Marc Drapp – CEO Marc has been leading MiQ partners since 2015, bringing years of experience in life sciences, process efficiencies, and technological applications. His earlier background in finance enables him to share insights that keep projects on task and on budget.   Harry Westerkamp – CTO, Director of Business Development With more than 25 years in engineering, aerospace, manufacturing, and IofT, Harry has achieved hundreds of successful outcomes for clients with big projects to tackle. His insights, relationship management, understanding of the pressures and challenges clients face sets him apart as a leader that not only succeeds, but gets things done.   Kevin Easton – VP of Engineering An expert in automation for life sciences, Kevin brings years of product development for medical device manufactures backed by expertise in patient safety and the stringent requirements for product safety.   Dave Hummel – VP of Operations Dave has been with MiQ partners since 2002, serving in various roles ranging from management to automation solutions provider, helping to streamline complex processes for improved efficiencies. .entry-content #post-## #primary /page-container /wrapper close #cg-page-wrap ABOUT US MiQ Partners is a full service manufacturing firm supporting Contract Manufacturing, Machining, Systems Integration & Engineering (SIE) and Custom Automation companies. LATEST NEWS The Evolution of Industrial Automation July 18, 2019 Intelligent Work Floor Automation Robots February 27, 2017 Self-Healing Material Inspired by ‘Wolverine’ January 30, 2017 GET IN TOUCH 8800 Global Way West Chester, OH 45069 1201 Hillsmith Dr. Cincinnati, OH 45215 513.772.7000 Mon-Fri, 8AM until 5PM /.row /.container /.lightwrapper © 2018 MiQ Partners (formerly TSS Technologies and R&3D) Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ /.row /.container /.subfooter Top 