Guibe industrial power transmission components | Guibe Skip to main content BEGIN: INLINE NAV END: INLINE NAV BEGIN: INLINE NAV Goizper Group en Language list menu English Español Français Deutsch END: INLINE NAV BEGIN: BRAND Dropdown menu toggle on mobile: c-toggler class can be applied to the link arrow or link itself depending on toggle mode Main Menu Home Company Gearboxes Gears Other products Repair service Contact Innovation, Technology, Know-How and Adapting to the market Our goal: To grow with the client offering them effective and competitive solutions. Innovation, Technology, Know-How and Adapting to the market Innovation, Technology, Know-How and Adapting to the market GUIBE SECTORS Iron and Steel Rubber and plastic Mining, Cement and briquetting Proccess Paper and Wood procesing Food Lifting and Transportation Renewable Energies COMPANY INFORMATION INDUSTRIAL POWER TRANSMISSION components GUIBE, a company that specialises in the design, manufacture and sale of INDUSTRIAL POWER TRANSMISSION components (GEARBOXES, GEARS, MECHANICAL JACKS, COUPLINGS…) offers customised solutions for various industries: iron and steel, mining, food, paper, wood-processing, plastic, renewable energies, transport… Innovation, Technology, Know-How and Adapting to the market Innovation, Technology, Know-How and Adapting to the market are the basis of the strategy of GUIBE.Our goal: To grow with the client offering them effective and competitive solutions. GOIZPER GROUP Currently, GUIBE is part of the industrial business of the GOIZPER GROUP; a cooperative group, divided into 3 diversified businesses: Spraying, Industrial and Biotechnological.GUIBE offers a choice of products to complement the outstanding and comprehensive range of Power Transmission component solutions (Brakes, Clutches, Rotation systems, Cams, Hoists…) currently offered by Goizper Industrial. Goizper Group Web site Gearboxes   We are specialized in gearboxes for "New projects", and "Customized" gearboxes, interchangeable with installed equipments. More info Gears   We supply all type of gears (Cutting − Grinding), shafts, pinions, wheels, bevel gears, worm gears, etc. More info Other products   We manufacture mechanical screw jacks, whit trapezoidal screws. Crowned tooth gear couplings, medium − large sizes and cardan shafts. More info SECTORS Sectors IRON AND STEEL RUBBER AND PLASTIC MINING, CEMENT AND BRIQUETTING PROCCESS PAPER AND WOOD PROCESING FOOD LIFTING AND TRANSPORTATION Renewable Energies Extensive experience in the design and manufacture of all types of equipment for a variety of  iron and steel and rolling processes, gearboxes for levellers and straighteners , etc. All  reliable and guaranteed to perform  under demanding and extreme working conditions. Continuous casting Hot rolling Cold Rolling Finishing lines Servo Presses Specialists in the design and manufacture of all types of equipment for  the world’s leading equipment manufacturers , and end users in the rubber industry. The design and solution offered for each project,  durability  and  low noise levels  are technical requirements that are increasingly important and in demand with our clients. Banbury and Intermix Mixers Extruders Calenders LNG pumps Professionalism and experience in the design and manufacture of reliable and safe equipment, adapted to perform under the most  demanding working and environmental conditions  which are characteristic of these industries. Briquetting gearboxes Gearboxes for Rotary Kilns Gearboxes for Rod Mills Gearboxes for Ball Mills Rotary Blades Professionalism and experience in developing and manufacturing equipment that  meets all of the specifications of each client . Applications for Wood processing Pulper Dryers Extensive experience in the design and manufacture of all types of equipment for the food industry. Technology, efficiency and durability in each product offer the client the best results and optimise their production processes. Sugar Milling Machines We have extensive  experience in the design and manufacture of all types of equipment for these industrial sectors , robust and reliable equipment, designed according to the specifications of each client and the working conditions specific to this market. Lifting for the Iron and Steel Industry Conveyance Systems Conveyor Belts We are present in various  renewable energy sectors  (wind, tidal, hydropower…) designing and manufacturing equipment according to the specifications and technical requirements of each client, and using technologies with a low environmental impact that help to care for the ecosystem. Wind Energy Hydropower Tidal Energy Diesel Engines Katategi bailara, 2 20271 Irura - Gipuzkoa Tel.:+34 943 69 03 54 - +34 943 69 03 50 Fax.:+34 943 69 1851 Email:  guibe@guibe.com Industrial Spraying Biotechnology Olaker, R+D+i Centre Legal Notice General Conditions of sale Accessibility Quality Policy 2019 © Guibe.  All Rights Reserved. [if lt IE 9]> <script src="../assets/global/plugins/excanvas.min.js"></script> <![endif] 