Hollin Applications Home Page DWLayoutDefaultTable DWLayoutEmptyCell   DWLayoutEmptyCell   Hollin Applications Ltd. The Station, Wolsingham, Weardale, Co. Durham, DL13 3BL, ENGLAND. Tel 44 (0) 1388 529000 email web@hollinapplications.co.uk Home Index Page Catalogue Downloads Manual Downloads E-mail Enquiry Contact Details Terms & Conditions Price List Products Gallery Surplus & Offers Page   InstanceBeginEditable name="EditB1" New Thomson Actuator Elektrak HD Series Loads to 16KN Synchronisation option Canbus controls InstanceEndEditable   InstanceBeginEditable name="EditB2" Disability Gear Select Control Thomson Actuator Stainless Panel Easy adjust 4 inch stroke InstanceEndEditable   InstanceBeginEditable name="EditB4" Bale Wrapper Sunlight Problems? Replace your IR remote with radio control low cost!! 2018 Season OFFER!! InstanceEndEditable   InstanceBeginEditable name="EditB3"   Home Index Page Linear Actuators - Agricultural Controls - Motability Systems - Linear Systems - Thomson Products Linear Actuators. Hollin Applications Ltd are one of the largest UK stockists of Thomson linear actuators. Previously known under the Warner Electric, Tollo, Danaher Motion and Elektrak banners. Linear motion equivalent to that from a Hydraulic Ram , although simpler to install just two wires from a switch and battery. Works from DC or AC voltage supplies powering a motor, gear box and lead screw. We Stock the full range of LA10 and LA14 units, At least one of all voltages, gears, loads, and strokes, often many many more. Next Day Delivery Precision Linear Actuators. High performance Actuator and controls range Worm Gear Screw Jacks. A range of high power worm gear screw jacks. Linear Actuator Controls and Power Supplies. We offer off the shelf and custom built electronics for linear actuators. Agricultural Linear Actuators. Off the shelf low cost replacement units available next day, or collect. Identification, Warranty, Servicing and Repairs. Part number assist and our quick turn around repair/replacement service Linear Actuator Applications Pages. Pictures and brief summaries of some past projects, to stimulate ideas. Agricultural Farming Controls. Hollin Applications Ltd. market a range of their own manufactured electronic controls and monitors as well as a variety of other electronic units with specific applications in farming. We also have on offer a number of Linear Actuator electronic controls including farm or estate electronic gate systems. Areameters, Rev Counters, Counters, Tramline Controls, Bale Wrap Counters, Farm Solar Gate Systems Most units are manufactured on our premises so bespoke adjustments are available. Motability/Disability Ele ctronics. LInear Actuators ave specific applications with vehicle conerters to assist with motability applications and with electronic wheelchairs. Hollin Applications stock and distribute a range of Linear Actuators with electronic control. Some controls have general line application others are specific to manufacturers requirem ents. We design and manufacture controls to specific application. Electric Handbrake Pullers, Electric Gear changers, Auto-Sequence tailgates, Actuator replacements. . Hollin specialise in designing controls and sequence systems with linear actuators in mind. Product Pages. Our off the shelf range of general electronic products and Actuators with controls. Not necessarily tied to the bigger product groups but offering a more general interest. ` Linear Motion . Hollin Applications offer a wide variety of drive capabilities equipped in both ballscrew and belt designs. Ball screw driven, ball guided positioning slides are designed for robust applications that demand high thrust and payloads with a need for high precision accuracy and stiffness. Belt driven , ball guided positioning slides by Danaher Motion are designed for smooth travel in dynamic applications requiring high speed, high acceleration. Materials Handling. Thomson Movorail Range. All handling components are  modular in design and can easily be combined with each  other. We can build customized units & we have a broad range of  mounting accessories and  other options Full Thomson Product range. Hollin Applications offer the full range of Danaher Thomson Products. With a high level of technical back up and low pricings and quick deliveries.   InstanceEndEditable Version 3.14 - June 2018, Contact Us Hollin Applications Ltd, The Station, Weardale, Co. Durham DL13 3BL, ENGLAND. Tel. 44(0)1388 529000 - email web@hollinapplications.co.uk 