 Hannibal Carbide Tool: Manufacturer of carbide tipped and solid carbide cutting tools - HANNIBAL CARBIDE TOOL, INC. #header Hannibal Carbide Tool Inc. Phone: 573-221-2775 · Fax: 573-221-1140 nav PRODUCTS Spotlight Company Profile Advantages Request Info Tech Support Contact Us body Reamers h6 Shank Reamers Coolant Fed Extended Length Extended Length - Coolant Fed General Purpose Material Specific Pipe Tap Semi-Finished Shell Reamers & Arbors Step Solid Carbide Drills Aircraft Extension Cobalt Coolant Fed Core Glass & Tile Hard Steel Die Jobbers Length Masonry Reduced Shank Diameter Spotting/Centering (CNC) Solid Carbide Stub Length (CNC) Taper Length Taper Shank Counterbores Aircraft Capscrew Pilots Straight Shank Taper Shank Stub Length Milling Cutters Arbor Hole Type Shank Type End Mills Center Cutting High Spiral Shear Cutting Slow Spiral Straight Flutes Port Contour Cutters ISO 6149-1 Metric Port w/o I.D. Groove MS33649 Integral Reamer Pilot S.A.E. - MS16142 - J514F - J1926 Centers Brown & Sharpe Jarno Morse Countersinks Single Flute Three Flute Single Points Premium C2 Premium C5 - C6 S.A. Series Swiss Automatic Tool HANNIBAL CARBIDE TOOL is an American manufacturer of precision carbide tipped and solid carbide cutting tools. Hannibal products are used extensively by end users in the metalworking, aerospace, and automotive industries. We have a large inventory of finished and semi-finished tooling allowing for quick deliveries on standard and altered standard products. We encourage you to browse our product catalog by clicking on the menu items to the left of the screen. Hannibal can also furnish special tools to meet your exact specifications. Over 30% of our business is special tools. Our experienced technical support team and tooling engineers are here to help you find or design a cutting tool that meets your application requirements. Thank you for visiting us on the web. We look forward to working with you. Download Center Hannibal Carbide Tool, Inc. Catalog (PDF) Hannibal’s “Cost Effective Reaming Guide” (PDF) Special Tools Quote Forms 2018 Pricing Excel File Request Center Request a Quote Request a Catalog Technical Support Questionnaire News WINNER OF KINDLE FIRE HD at the ISA PRODUCT SHOW Hannibal Carbide Tool is proud to present it’s newly redesigned web site. You will find the information you need is just a click away. Our extensive product catalog is available on every page of the site to the left of the screen. We have added a pdf version of the Hannibal Carbide Tool Catalog as well as speeds and feeds charts for Hannibal products. We also have pages dedicated to technical support for specific product groups such as reamers , drills , counterbores , milling cutters , and more. Further support is easy to find with our technical support questionnaire that can be filled out and submitted online. Someone will respond promptly to your request. If you cannot find what you are looking for on the web site please send us a message through our contact us page or call us at one of the numbers listed. We hope you enjoy the new look and feel and look forward to hearing from you. ISO-9001 Certified Hannibal Carbide Tool, Inc. Phone: 573-221-2775 or 800-451-9436 Fax: 573-221-1140 or 800-633-7302 5000 Paris Gravel Road · PO Box 954 · Hannibal, MO 63401 Live Phone Coverage: 7:00 AM - 5:00 PM Central Time Carbide Tipped and Solid Carbide Cutting Tools Home | Contact Us | Feedback | Resources | Site Map | Warranty | Disclaimer | SDS Industrial Supply Association Value Added Partner 