Maine Sewing Machine Sales Service Repair Classes Fabric Patterns bernina baby lock quilting frames 43-page3.tpl Accessibility stuff Skip Navigation Website Accessibility column0_components Free Shipping On Order Over $50 View Cart | Check Out FOLLOW US ON... navigation Brand and toggle get grouped for better mobile display Toggle navigation ☰ Menu span class="navbar-brand visible-xs-block" data-toggle="collapse" href="#">Menu</span Collect the nav links, forms, and other content for toggling Home Sewing Machines Sewing Machine Information Quilting Machines and Frames Sewing Serger Embroidery Repair & Service Online Store Classes What's New Here's What's New Promotions Newsletter Links Events Contact Us Accessibility stuff column2_components Welcome We are a sewing & sharing studio. With many experienced staff members, we offer classes from the novice to experienced. On average we have over 20 sewing classes per month & continually adding new ones. Do you have an idea or need a specific lesson, see one of the customer services members & we would be happy to see what we can put together. In the sewing classes, we not only teach technique but we share ideas, learn, & have fun.  We carry fabric, accessories, patterns, panels and everything you need to sew. Not only will you find the tools you need, you will find many ideas and inspiration.   Newsletter Signup! Repeat Email Address: Although our name implies we sell and service sewing machines (which we do) we have become so much more than that! For sales of sewing machines, you have come to the right place. The benefits of purchasing a sewing machine from us include: We will help you learn how to use your machine and one year free of classes We will find the right machine for your level and needs The machines we sell are reliable; there’s no inferior parts in the sewing machine so you can be assured that you’re sewing will be exact. We carry several brands of sewing machines and four types: Quilting Machine & Frames Sewing Serger Embroidery Service: We service all sewing machines (whether you purchased it here or another location). We service all brands and usually have a one week turn around. Certified Service Technicians are here to maintenance and repair models of sewing machines, sergers, commercial, and specialty machines. So welcome to Sanford Sewing! Be sure to sign up for our newsletter and check back often, we are always updating our class schedule and more. Enjoy. { Top Categories } VIEW ALL CATEGORIES Batting, Stabilizer & Interfacing Notions, Quilting Frames and Accessories What's Happening Our newest video! Buy Local We support Buy Local. View a video from Our Maine Show Links      Products   Product of the Month Check It Out Quilting Frames and Accessories Check It Out Notions, Check It Out Batting, Stabilizer & Interfacing Check It Out Machines, Feet, and Accessories Check It Out Embroidery Designs, Stabilizer & Supplies Check It Out       footer Contact Us: Phone:   1 207 324-8375 Address:  1923 Main st. Sanford, ME 04073 Hours: Monday -Friday 9:00 am-5:00pm     Sat 9:00am -1:00pm    Closed Sundays FOLLOW US ON... Home   |   Sewing Machines   |   Repair & Service   |   Online Store   |   Classes   |   What's New   |   Links   |   Events   |   Contact Us   |   Terms and Conditions Cart Styles Copyright © 2007-2019 - Sanford Sewing Machines Website Design by Like Sew Websites 43-page3.tpl 