Home | Forsstrom Skip to content Products and services  Our Machines Service Forsstrom HF Demo Center Weld samples Our Accessories Technical tips Spare parts Which machine is best for me? Quality HF Technology  What is HF/RF welding? Why HF/RF? ForFlexx End products About us  About us Meet our staff Our News Our Exhibitions Our Representatives Contact Partners Product development English  Svenska Login Register #site-navigation .site-branding #masthead World-Class HF Welding Machines Read more about our products Machines Accessories Weld samples HF Demo Center Representatives Service and maintenance Performance, quality and safety One of our customers described their Forsstrom machine as a workhorse – even though it was put to extremely intense use in production, it never seemed to tire out. That is exactly what we want to offer: a strong, effective, high-quality machine that withstands the tests of time! In addition to a strong machine, a Forsstrom customer also benefits from a strong and durable weld. Our machines produce one of the strongest welds available on the market. See our machines Exhibitions Forsstrom participates in a number of important exhibitions every year. These are the ones you can meet us at next. SLIDER END SLIDER Exhibitions Meet our staff Many of Forsstrom’s employees have worked at the company for a long time and have a lot of experience in HF-welding. We know our products and we understand the needs of our customers. If you have any questions, please get in touch! Service and Support Forsstrom offers a total solution for our customers’ production. This means that our relationship with our customers does not end when the machine is delivered. We are there for you throughout the entire life of the machine. It is our goal that the machine you’ve invested in will live up to your expectations. And most importantly we want you to be satisfied with your choice of machine. Always. News At Forsstrom we are constantly developing accessories and new machine models. Always with our customers in mind. SLIDER END SLIDER Our News Forsstrom has its head office and manufacturing facilities situated in Lysekil on the west coast of Sweden. We market and sell our products via local representatives around the world. Do you want to get in touch with us? #main #primary #content Products and Services Our Machines Forsstrom HF Demo Center Service Sample database Our Accessories Technical tips Weld samples Spare parts Quality HF Technology Why HF/RF? ForFlexx Ultrasonic Hot wedge Hot air Impulse About the Company What we do and how we work Partners Our Exhibitions Meet our staff Our News Our Representatives Trade associations Forsstrom High Frequency AB e-mail +46-523666600 Follow us on Social Media Polylang Footer Language Selector English Svenska Forsstrom High Frequency AB © 2019 All rights reserved. Privacy & Cookie Notice. Website developed by Bozzanova AB We use cookies to give you the best experience on our website. #colophon #page 