Technical Hook and loop fasteners – Gottlieb Binder HOME About us News Sectors Industry Hygiene Automotive and Transport Medical technology Sport Building and Construction Interior Design Products Microplast® Self-engaging mushroom fasteners Kletten® Profile Mushroom-shaped fasteners Gecko® Nanoplast® Shop Contact HOME About us News Sectors Products Shop Contact Microplast® Self-engaging mushroom fasteners Kletten® Profiles Mushroom-shaped fasteners Gecko® Nanoplast® Microplast® Microplast® is an innovative, very thin, micro-extruded film fastener with a three-dimensional structure. Discover Microplast® Self-engaging mushroom fasteners Thanks to a distinctive mushroom-shaped structure, these mono-component systems snap together with an audible click and as quickly and precisely as a press stud. Discover Self-engaging mushroom fasteners Kletten® The wide range of Binder Kletten® hook and loop fasteners solves almost any technical requirement. Discover Kletten® Profiles Binder produces plastic profiles from various materials and in combination with a wide variety of Kletten® fasteners. Discover Profiles Mushroom-shaped fasteners Binder mushroom-shaped fasteners are available in woven and knitted versions, thus offering a variety of industrial strength hook and loop fastening options. Discover Mushroom-shaped fasteners Gecko® Nanoplast® Gecko®-Tape is a micro-structured silicone fastener film with about 29,000 gripping elements per cm². Thanks to Van der Waals forces of attraction, the elastic Gecko®-Tape has high adhesion strength and leaves no residue. Discover Gecko® Nanoplast® Fix your world® - Applications Gottlieb Binder develops and manufactures reclosable and repositionable hook and loop fastening systems. We possess specific technical knowledge regarding the adhesive coatings of our products, even for highly technical applications. Industry Hygiene Automotive and Transport Medical Technology Sport Building and Construction Interior Design Industry Industry Binder industrial hook and loop fasteners are used in almost all industrial sectors. Binder offers items suitable for almost every application, which guarantees the perfect end product. Learn more Hygiene Hygiene Binder is one of the most important international producers of high-performance fasteners for nappy/diaper and incontinence fields. Learn more Automotive and Transport Automotive and Transport Binder provides technologically advanced products that meet the highest standards in land, air and sea transport. Learn more Medical Technology Medical Technology Binder Kletten® fasteners are widely used in the medical and orthopaedics fields. Here we demonstrate all our expertise as a manufacturer of products optimised for this sector including skin-compatible fastener systems. Learn more Sport Sport Simple, safe and with optimum grip, even under extreme conditions, Binder products enhance the performance of sports equipment and always guarantee perfect fastening. Learn more Building and Construction Building and Construction Fastening systems for solar panels, seals or insulation? Binder provides highly technical solutions in this area too. Learn more Interior Design Interior Design Binder has the right solution for most of the fastening requirements of a building; for example the simple and fast securing of panels, cladding, furniture and accessories. Learn more Specific requirements demand specific solutions. Binder Kletten fasteners can be used in a variety of applications. For advice on the correct application of each article and to discuss customised solutions, please contact us via e-mail. E-Mail Products Our hook and loop fasteners and repositionable fastening systems are developed and manufactured in Germany. Constant certified quality; consistent commitment to technical research and development with all items made entirely in Germany. These are the distinguishing features of Binder technical fastening systems. DISCOVER OUR PRODUCTS Gecko® Nanoplast® Self-engaging mushroom fasteners About Binder Constant and continuous innovation in hook and loop fasteners and repositionable fastening systems is the key to Binder's success - since 1798. READ ABOUT OUR HISTORY Home About us Sectors Products Shop Contact us Privacy Terms and Conditions Company Details Home About us Sectors Products Shop Contact us Privacy Terms and Conditions Company Details Copyright 2019 Gottlieb Binder GmbH & Co. KG www.binder-gmbh.com Tel: +49 7031 683 0 Fax: +49 7031 683 179 E-Mail:  gottlieb.binder©binder.de en 