Gear Reducer Rebuild and Repair | Technical Sales and Service Skip to primary navigation Skip to content Skip to primary sidebar Skip to footer Technical Sales and Service Gear Boxes Home Gear Reducer Repair & Exchange Machine Shop Capabilities Inventory About Contact Gear Reducer Rebuild and Repair Experienced Repair Technicians with a proven track record of quality & excellence. Repair Speed reducer repair by power transmission factory-trained professionals with over 65 years of experience and proven quality workmanship. Exchange All makes and models of gear reducers and parts ; Obsolete and current production power transmission models. Enjoy cost and time savings and credit value on your core. Inventory Search our full line of gear reducer inventory , including Falk, Dodge, Link, Belt, Lightnin, Philadelphia and more! We have an extensive inventory available. Complete Industrial Transmission Repair & Remanufacturing Capability Technical Sales & Service of New England provides drive and power transmission repair needs for Pulp and Paper, Power Generation, Public Utilities, and Waste Water Treatment facilities throughout New England and the continental United States. We've made our reputation by providing superior gear reducer rebuilds with customer service to match. With over 90 years of combined experience, we've seen it all and have provided reliable reducer solutions time and again. That experience is why TNE is the company you think of when you think of gear reducers. View Capabilities Our Services Full Service Machine Shop Capabilities Full service repair facility In business since 1987 providing consistent quality products and service Our employees have over 180 years combined work experience in the Pulp & Paper Industry Our people have a true desire to provide prompt efficient service 100% of the time. We provide insurance coverage for 100% replacement value on your equipment while it is on our trucks or in our shop. We offer a One Year Warranty on our rebuilt equipment. Over 1300 units and Gear Sets in stock. Specializing in FALK/obsolete & current models/parts & reducers. Complete rebuild and remanufacturing capabilities on site. Customized to Meet Your Needs TNE can provide you with start to finish service on your power transmission project. We will send our experienced Rebuild Technicians to your plant to inspect your gear reducer equipment and analyze your problem. We will design a solution. Our machine shop will rebuild your gearbox to meet OEM specifications. Our fabrication shop will build the appropriate bases and accessories to accommodate drive upgrades. Then, we will supervise the installation and alignment of your gear reducer equipment.  Gear Reducer Repair Footer TNE, Inc.  170 Daggett Hill Road Greene, Maine 04236 Phone: (207) 946-5506     Fax: (207) 946-7513 © 2019Copyright · TNE Inc. · All Rights Reserved · Website Design by Seaside Web Design, LLC · 