 JR Automation is a global systems integrator for advanced automation for manufacturers and distributors all over the world Google Tag Manager (noscript) End Google Tag Manager (noscript) Contact Industries Capabilities Support About Careers Aerospace & Defense Amusement Automotive Battery & Energy Construction Consumer Products E-Commerce & Packaging Fibers Food & Beverage Heavy Equipment Life Sciences   Custom Projects Worldwide case studies Assembly Solutions Contract Manufacturing Dispense Applications Fiber Processing Inspection & Testing Laser Applications Material Handling Solutions Metal Processing Micro Precision Applications Plastics Processing Robotics Integration Software & Data Integration Vision Applications Welding Applications Advanced Applications Spare & Replacement Parts Robot Refurbishing Training 24/7 EMERGENCY SUPPORT (616) 820-3380  Apparently the hamburger icon needs an empty span here in order to animate correctly Industries Industries Aerospace & Defense Amusement Automotive Battery & Energy Construction Consumer Products E-Commerce & Packaging Fibers Food & Beverage Heavy Equipment Life Sciences   Custom Projects Worldwide case studies Capabilities Capabilities Assembly Solutions Contract Manufacturing Dispense Applications Fiber Processing Inspection & Testing Laser Applications Material Handling Solutions Metal Processing Micro Precision Applications Plastics Processing Robotics Integration Software & Data Integration Vision Applications Welding Applications Advanced Applications Support Support Spare & Replacement Parts Robot Refurbishing Training 24/7 EMERGENCY SUPPORT (616) 820-3380  About Contact Careers Careers Jobs Case Studies News Events Become a Supplier design. build. integrate. JR Automation designs, builds, and integrates advanced automation solutions for customers all over the world. Think. Solve. Create. EXPLORE OUR CAPABILITIES OR SEE ALL | {{result.ParentTitle}} A WORLD OF EXPERIENCE INDUSTRIES WE SERVE We're always learning new and better ways to meet our customers' evolving needs.  Sharing knowledge across industries, our cross-functional teams have broader, more  creative problem-solving skills.  We apply the latest technology, innovative thinking, and decades of specialized experience to our work designing custom automation solutions for leaders in nearly every global industry. Aerospace & Defense Amusement Automotive Battery & Energy Construction Consumer Products E-Commerce & Packaging Fibers Food & Beverage Heavy Equipment Life Sciences Aerospace & Defense Amusement Automotive Battery & Energy Construction Consumer Products E-Commerce & Packaging Fibers Food & Beverage Heavy Equipment Life Sciences Aerospace & Defense Amusement Automotive Battery & Energy Construction Consumer Products E-Commerce & Packaging Fibers Food & Beverage Heavy Equipment Life Sciences Your partner for integrated solutions Technology is rapidly and unpredictably changing the way businesses all over the world operate. To keep our customers out in front, we drive change by learning and innovating faster than anyone else. Download Our Brochure CASE STUDY Packing System Doesn't Get Tangled Up in Multiple Yarn Varieties or Busy Schedules A major U.S. manufacturer of polyester yarn required an automated system to move 40 lb. yarn packages from spinning frames to an inspecting, testing, and palletizing area. All the yarn varieties produced across the multi-acre spinning floor looked alike, but they differed in formulation and filament count. Data tracking would be required to prevent mixing the product between spinning and packaging. A spindle of 6 yarn packages would finish every 30 seconds, and they needed to be removed quickly. Technical Capabilities Involed: robotics integration software data integration material handling solutions View Full Case Study | Yarn Packing System CASE STUDY A Complete Overhaul from Manual to Automated Data Tracking A leading medical device customer wanted to minimize operator errors in tracking part progress and the number of reject parts these errors were producing. They had previously used manual methods for handling and tracking processes, recording data by hand that included the part history, part location, and number of times the part had cycled through each production process. To solve the tracking issues, the JR team automated a part handling method and developed a data tracking system. Technical Capabilities Involed: software data integration material handling solutions robotics integration View Full Case Study | Part Handling and Data Tracking CASE STUDY Tight Budget Fuels Creativity Our customer needed a machine designed and built to meet international standards for assembly and testing of small parts. Working within a tight budget, and with a required 8 second cycle time, the JR team came up with a creative solution that exceeded all expectations. Technical Capabilities Involed: inspection testing assembly solutions View Full Case Study | Anti Lock Brake Assembly CASE STUDY Integrated Mold Machines Meet All Customer Requirements with Dynamic Solutions     The JR team needed to supply an insert molding solution. The solution had to deliver five different sets of components to overhead robots for loading into an injection molding machine while meeting other customer requirements: Feed eight hours’ worth of bearings without using a vibratory system Interface with two injection molding machines running independently of one another with multiple variants of product Design an EOAT that could load and unload multiple components within a mold cavity Integrate fenceless overhead safety zones Technical Capabilities Involed: robotics integration material handling solutions View Full Case Study | Mold Tending Cell VIEW ALL CASE STUDIES MEET OUR TEAM Sami is amazed to see our projects come to life When I first started here, I was amazed by all of the innovative projects that were coming to life in front of me. Everyone at JR Automation works together to find solutions—project-related and otherwise. We're always looking out for one another. Even as we have grown we continue to keep that teamwork culture alive. We know there is work to do, but we always find ways to have fun with it. Sami Birch | CRM Administrator CUSTOM AUTOMATION SOLUTIONS FOR THE WORLD'S LEADING MANUFACTURERS create with us find your next career at jr automation We’re actively searching for candidates with the skills, curiosity, and passion to bring innovative automation solutions to life. explore open positions Think. Solve. Create. Industries Capabilities Support About Contact Careers Case Studies News Events Become a Supplier /.navbar-collapse Let's Start a Conversation Are you looking to automate processes within your organization? Let's start a conversation. Please fill out our contact form. contact us Receive Email News Updates QUALIFICATIONS & CERTIFICATIONS 2019 JR Automation Terms of Use Privacy Policy 833-800-7630 [email protected] 13365 Tyler Street, Holland, MI 49424 