Tension Measurement Instruments Tension Measurement, inc. Home Design Info Sensors Indicators Strap Meters Belt Meters P1000 Contact Us Tension Measurement Instruments Electronic Tension Sensors & Mechanical Tension Meters - For optical fibers, filaments,  coil winding, wire, cable, yarn, thread, tubing, EDM, rope, wire rope, bands, belts, strapping, banding, sheets, webs, tapes, film, timing belts, elevator cables, mooring cable or chain, running line tension etc.  Off-the-shelf, modified standards and custom options available. Manufacturer of More Than 500 Standard Model Variations     Tension Sensor Load Cells and Transducers                 Application design information   (How Sensors Work)                 Tension Sensor Selection Guide TMI manufactures precision tension sensors with strain gage transducer load cells.  All sensors use full bridge 350 or 1000 ohm elements, specifically designed for dynamic and static tension measurement. These sensors are used for a broad range of industrial, laboratory and test applications.  The sensor body types shown here offer a wide variation of installation options.  Most tension sensors can be provided with V-groove/U-groove and web type rollers.   Our competitive pricing structure allows the purchase of semi-custom and custom electronic systems at or near off-the-shelf prices with 2 - 4 week deliveries. Call, fax or E-Mail our offices with the details of your application for instrument recommendations and pricing. Standard Tension Sensor Body Types      CFF WITH V-GROOVE ROLLER   CFM WITH ROLLER        CFR WITH TAPE ROLLER Cantilevered flange mount sensors. Variety of rollers are installed at the end of sensor body for wire, filaments, fibers, tubes, tapes, webs, etc. Models up to 25 lbs (12kg) tension. Wrap angles (total) may be from 30 to 180 degrees.                               FT WITH 3 WEB ROLLERS             3" WIDE 3-ROLLER                                SINGLE ROLLER           FACE PLATE Small flat mounting sensor body with single or 3-roller options. Variety of rollers available for wire, filaments, fibers, tapes, webs, etc. Models up to 25 lbs (12 kg) tension. Wrap angles (total) may be from 30 to 180 degrees. 3-roller face plate models typically set for 45 degree total material wrap angle.                           MPB WITH WEB ROLLER                                 MPHB 3 ROLLER SENSOR TO 500 lbs TENSION   Flat base mount sensor with single or 3-roller options. Wide variety of rollers available for wire, cable, rope, fibers, tapes, webs, films etc. Models from 100 grams up to 500 lbs tension. Wrap angles (total) may be from 30 to 180 degrees. 3-roller face plate models typically set for 45 degrees approx. total material wrap angle.                                         MPC WITH U-GROOVE ROLLER                                       MPC WITH WEB ROLLER Flat cantilever base mount sensor with single roller. A wide variety of rollers available. Easily mounts to vertical machine frame. Web rollers to 6 inch long, v-groove and u-groove pulleys/rollers available. Models from 100 grams to 500 lbs tension, wrap angle dependent. Wrap angles may be from 30 to 180 degrees.                            MPS WITH WEB ROLLER Flat cantilever base with roller mounted on the side of sensor body. Single roller design with many roller options. Side mounting allows roller to be close to machine frame.  Wide variety of rollers available including web rollers to 3 inches long, U-groove and V-groove pulleys/rollers. Models to 3000 grams tension. Wrap angles may be from 30 to 180 degrees.                                   WC3 WITH 8" LONG WEB ROLLER                                        REAR CANTILEVER MOUNT       Rear cantilever mount web tension sensor. Easily bolted to vertical machine frame with the roller close to the frame. 3 inch diameter web roller up to 8 inches long available. Models to 50 lbs tension, wrap angle dependent. Wrap angles may be from 30 to 180 degrees.                 WPM DUAL ELEMENT WEB TRANSDUCER                               WPM FOR XFMR-MOTOR WINDING           PLATFORM MOUNTED WEB SENSOR Robust dual sensor elements securely capture web rollers up to 14" long.  Also U/V-groove rollers available for electric motor and transformer winding with tension up to 500 lbs. Models from 5 lbs to 500 lbs tension, wrap angle dependent. Wrap angles may be from 30 degrees to 180 degrees.                  WPED SENSOR PAIR FOR WEB ROLLERS                  Models  From  5 LB to 500 LB Tension     Pedestal mounted dual element Web Tension Sensor. Each sensor element mounts on a machine frame rail. The sensor elements are connected in parallel at the signal conditioner (display) to form one (1) tension sensor. The web roller length is unlimited. Dead shafts are captured on each end with shaft caps for easy installation of the web roller. Models from 5 lbs to 500 lbs tension, wrap angle dependent. Wrap angle may be from 30 to 180 degrees. Displacement Gages and Extensometers   Displacement Gages   Offering standard line: Displacement Gages - High Frequency Displacement Gages - Surface Flaw Displacement Gages - Clip Gages.       Separable Extensometer    Offering standard Line: Separable Extensometers, Extended Range Separable Extensometers, High Range Separable Extensometers, Averaging Extensometers, and High Range Averaging Extensometers.   Surface Flaw Displacement   This displacement gage attaches to the inside surfaces of the starter notch.  Location is maintained by contact friction.   Attachment devices placed near the flaw are not required.  The  gage self detaches upon specimen failure and the fully active strain gage bridge provides outstanding sensitivity and linearity.    Strap Tension Meter These Strap Tension Meters are used for measuring tension in both metal and plastic strapping during packaging of pallets, boxes and cases.   The center sensing foot has a chiseled end that allows it to slip under the strapping with little force.  Meters are factory calibrated, lightweight and 11" in length.  The large dial faces make them easy to read and easy to use.  This allows your shipping department to take the extra step toward the reduction of shipping damage.    Belt Tension Meters                        T hese Belt and Cable Tension Meters are calibrated to one belt or cable type for exceptional accuracy.  A variety of contact elements can be installed on these meters to adapt to different belts, cables and thin straps/bands.                                                         Of-The-Shelf  and Special Order Belt and Cable Tension Meters. Special order models are calibrated for 1 Belt or Cable Type for maximum accuracy.  Static measurement of:   -Vee Belts   -Poly Vee Belts   -Timing Belts   -Cables                                                 Tension Measurement, inc . designs and manufactures economical precision electronic and mechanical instruments for use in many industries and test applications.  Standard, modified standard and custom instrument options are available.  Our competitive pricing structure allows the purchase of modified standard, semi-custom and custom electronic systems at or near off-the-shelf prices with 2 - 4 week deliveries. Call, fax or E-Mail our offices with the details of your application for instrument recommendations and pricing. Instruments manufactured in the USA                   Tension Measurement, inc P.O. Box 740755 Arvada, Colorado, U.S.A. 80006-0755 TEL. (303) 465-1011 - FAX (303) 466-9761 Toll Free TEL. From USA & Canada: 800-470-3322 E-MAIL: tension@tension-measurement.com 1998 Tension Measurement, inc.   