Wadkin - Woodworking Machines tel: 0870 850 9111 e-mail: info@wadkin.com Search Home Company Products Wadkin Machines Wadkin Rebuild Wadkin Agencies Wadkin Library Wadkin Training Spare Parts Service Export News FAQ Contact Us     Wadkin Machines A complete range of machinery built in the UK and Europe to the highest tollerances. More   Wadkin Rebuild Remanufacturing to as new standards in our comprehensive engineering facilties. More     Wadkin Agencies Supplying specialist equipment from the worlds leading manufacturers. More   Wadkin Library Extensive archive of Wadkin machinery including manuals and original literature. More   Wadkin Training Comprehensive operator training from basic familirisation to full City & Guilds NVQ. More   Service & Spare Parts Supplying spares for Wadkin machines and other manufacturers. More Service Spare Parts   Wadkin In every corner of the world you will find a Wadkin machine. Wadkin is one of the leading manufacturers of high quality, robust woodworking equipment for timber conversion, processing and finishing. Throughout our 114 year history, we have always invested heavily in research and development, keeping Wadkin at the cutting edge of innovation. Today, Wadkin offers some of the finest woodworking machines available, the majority of which are manufactured in the UK. Other imported additions to the range have been developed under strict conditions to maintain the exacting standards of build quality of which Wadkin has become synonymous. Whether you are looking for a new machine, factory rebuilt or serviced equipment, upgrades, spare parts, service, maintenance contract, training or tooling our experts take a personal approach to helping you find the right solution. News Displaying News Module News Categories: '' Wood & Panel Machinery Show 3 - 5 October 2017 Daltons Wadkin will once again be opening their doors to all existing and prospective customers during the first week of October when the company promises an even bigger and better show than ever before. Wood & Panel Machinery Open House Exhibition - March 8-10 2016 Following the huge success of previous open house shows, Daltons Wadkin are again proud to welcome visitors to their forthcoming three day exhibition featuring the latest in machine technology for the wood, panel and composite processing sectors. More news Privacy policy | Terms and conditions | Accessibility XHTML CSS Impact Web Solutions Sitemap © Wadkin 2019 Wadkin | Wadkin Spares | Wadkin Woodworking Machinery | Wadkin Moulder Parts | Woodworking Machines | Wadkin Spare Parts | Wadkin Bursgreen 