 High-Performance Industrial Ovens and Furnaces | Despatch Have a question? Call 952.469.8240   |   Need service or parts? Call 952.479.4112 Thermal Processing Technology News/Blog Company About Us Technology Press Releases Careers Markets Materials Electronics Healthcare Industrial/Energy Transportation Solar Carbon Fiber Products Industrial Ovens BENCHTOP OVENS AND LAB OVENS CABINET OVENS WALK-IN OVENS AND TRUCK-IN OVENS CONVEYOR OVENS CLEAN-ROOM OVENS ANNEALING OVENS CURING OVENS COMPOSITE CURING OVENS DRYING OVENS HEAT TREAT FURNACES LABORATORY OVENS STERILIZING OVENS BURN-IN OVENS AND TEST OVENS ACCESSORIES AND OPTIONS Industrial Cleaners Custom Products Solar DRITECH™ DRYER VOC THERMAL OXIDIZER SAFIRE™ FIRING FURNACE Carbon Fiber Literature Library Service & Support Contact  SEARCH Request a Quote PRODUCTS - SALES PARTS - SERVICE   LBB Benchtop Oven LAC Benchtop Oven LCC/LCD Clean Process LCC/LCD Cabinet Oven RAF Cabinet Furnace   RAD Cabinet Oven TAD/TFD Walk-In Oven PC Series Conveyor Oven Top Loading Test Oven PBC Burn-in Oven A PREMIUM QUALITY INDUSTRIAL OVEN MANUFACTURER Established in 1902, Despatch is a global leader in high performance industrial ovens and other thermal products. A focused commitment to the electronics, healthcare, materials, transportation and industrial markets has enabled Despatch to become experts in these industries. Despatch also serves as a key provider of integrated technology for the emerging solar and carbon fiber markets. Manufacturers trust Despatch ovens to deliver the uniform and repeatable thermal processing required for critical components to operate flawlessly and ensure reliable product performance. Despatch never cuts corners, ovens are manufactured to the highest standards and deliver invariable, uniform temperature for as long as the oven is in service. PRESS RELEASES Despatch Conveyor Oven Proves to be Best Solution for Automation Needs of Medical Device Manufacturer Minneapolis, Minnesota, USA, March 15, 2019 – A medical device manufacturer required an oven to preheat an aluminum mold for a silicone part that was to be filled and cured in the next manufacturing step. The company develops innovative products that improve patient outcomes by enabling minimally invasive surgery. more Lider Control y Automatización Expands Representation of Despatch to Central and South America and Caribbean Minneapolis, Minnesota, USA, February 7, 2019 – ITW EAE has designated Lider Control y Automatización to be the sales representative for Despatch industrial ovens in Central and South America as well as the Caribbean. This is an expansion of service for Lider who was already servicing all of Mexico. more Textile Manufacturer Places Order for Eight Despatch TAD3-10 Walk-in Ovens for Preheating Tools Minneapolis, Minnesota, USA, September 13, 2018 – A major textile manufacturer placed a $446,000 order for eight Despatch TAD3-10 walk-in ovens. The sale was made by Despatch representative FLW Southeast. These ovens will be used to preheat spinnerets, so polymers will not stick as they are extruded through the tool. The heavy metal spinnerets weigh about 40 pounds and are heated to 600°F before use. Drawers were added to the ovens to allow tools to be easily removed when needed and placed back in the oven when they cool. more US Manufacturer of Electronic Components Places Large Order for Despatch PND Inert Atmosphere Ovens Minneapolis, Minnesota, USA, July 12, 2018 – A major US manufacturer of electronic components has placed an order worth over three million dollars for Despatch PND inert atmosphere ovens. The sale was made by Despatch representative FLW Southeast. The manufacturer, who cannot be disclosed, has experienced explosive growth. more Despatch Laboratory Ovens Achieve Compliance with Environmental Regulations of REACH and RoHS Minneapolis, Minnesota, USA, March 21, 2018 – ITW EAE, a division of Illinois Tool Works, has made a commitment to addressing environmental health and safety and sustainability in all of its manufacturing. The company has just achieved a major milestone by meeting REACH and RoHS compliance for its Despatch lab ovens (LAC, LBB models). REACH (Registration, Evaluation, Authorization and Restriction of Chemicals) is a European Union regulation that limits the production and use of chemical substances with potential impacts on human health and the environment. more Despatch Announces Reduced Lead Times for PBC Burn-in Ovens Minneapolis, Minnesota, USA, March 20, 2018 – ITW EAE, a division of Illinois Tool Works announces that it is reducing lead time on Despatch PBC Burn-in Ovens to six weeks. This was accomplished by optimizing its manufacturing processes to allow for in-lining of production equipment and assembly stations that improve flow and minimize production time. The PBC was also redesigned to simplify the manufacturing process while improving product performance. more Despatch Introduces New Cabinet Oven Design to Meet Demands from Customers for a Smaller Footprint Minneapolis, Minnesota, USA, December 6, 2017 – Despatch has redesigned its RAD2-19 and RFD2-19 Cabinet Ovens to accommodate customer demands for a smaller footprint. The original design of these cabinet oven had the controls on the side of the oven. The new design has the controls on the bottom of the oven which significantly reduces the amount of floor space that the oven requires. The new design is has a width that is 20 inches less wide than the previous model. more Despatch Expands Top Loading Test Oven Line to Meet Requirements of the Oil and Gas Drilling Market Minneapolis, Minnesota, USA, June 1, 2017 – Despatch, is expanding its line of PTC top-loading ovens to include a new 48 cubic foot model. These ovens are specifically designed and used for burn-in, qualification testing and calibration of down-hole drilling instruments. With recent advances in technology and a wider range of processes, a larger oven is required which will accommodate larger tools and instrumentation. more Despatch DriTech™ Dryer Granted Patent No. US9589817B2 from U.S. Patent and Trademark Office Minneapolis, Minnesota, USA, May 25, 2017 – Despatch, a leading technology and equipment provider for the solar industry, is pleased to announce the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO) has issued Patent No. US9589817B2 protecting the intellectual property of its DriTech™ Dryer. The dryer already has a large installation base with a proven performance track record. more Despatch Split-Zone™ Oxidation Oven Granted Patent No. 9,598,795 from U.S. Patent and Trademark Office Minneapolis, Minnesota, USA, March 30, 2017 – The U.S. Patent and Trademark Office has issue Patent No. 9,598,795 protecting Despatch Split-Zone™ Oxidation technology. This patent applies to the split zone control which provides two discrete thermal profiles for the upper and lower half of the chamber. more Customer Tests Confirm Reduced Cycle Times Using the Newly Patented Despatch Split-Zone™ Oxidation Oven Minneapolis, Minnesota, USA, February 14, 2017 – A second customer evaluation of the Despatch Split-Zone™ Oxidation Oven was recently completed. The results confirm that the new oxidation technology provides a significant reduction in cycle time. more PRODUCTS Benchtop and Lab Ovens Cabinet Ovens Walk-in and Truck-in Ovens Conveyor Ovens Accessories and Options APPLICATIONS Annealing Ovens Curing Ovens Composite Curing Ovens Drying Ovens Heat Treating Laboratory Ovens Clean-room Ovens Sterilizing Ovens Burn-in and Test Ovens CONTACT SALES REP Use this form for faster connection to your local product specialist Don't worry, we won't share your info. CONTACT SUPPORT This contains the hidden content for inline calls Despatch Industries Announces New Protocol 3™ Temperature and Process Controller (Tuesday, January 31, 2012) Minneapolis, Minn., U.S.A. – January 31, 2012 - Despatch Industries, the world’s leading thermal processing equipment provider for over one hundred years, announces the new Protocol 3™ temperature and process controller.  Protocol 3™ is a microprocessor-based temperature and hi-limit controller designed to enhance process visibility and make oven operation simple and flexible.  The advanced controller incorporates many new features that reduce set-up time, simplify operation and minimize downtime.  “We are very pleased to introduce the new Protocol 3™ advanced controller,” states Kim Meyer, Despatch Product Manager.  “The Protocol 3™ offers a complete control solution and features a host of new options that streamline and simplify oven set-up and operation.” Protocol 3™ is Despatch’s latest upgrade to its controller offering, replacing the Protocol Plus™.  Protocol 3™ provides the same standard features and three operating modes as the previous controller, but presents several innovative advancements.  The new controller has integrated data logging capabilities that allow users to obtain historic process data for analysis and reporting.  Also new to the Protocol 3™ platform are a USB port for simple configuration set-up and export of data files; a large, easy-to-read backlit LCD display for improved visibility; and a multi-language option. The Protocol 3™ offers standard hi-limit control, built in real-time clock, password protection of configuration parameters and five output relays that signal user-specified events to external alarm devices.  Users have the option of utilizing Modbus or Ethernet communications for remote start and programming capabilities through a personal computer and the option to purchase Despatch’s Protocol Manager™ monitoring and data acquisition software that enables communication between the oven controller and a personal computer.         Despatch has specialized in thermal processing for over 100 years and is actively using this technical expertise to provide innovative solutions to critical applications in a broad range of markets and cutting edge technology worldwide.  Media Contact: Amber Schramm 952-469-5424 amber.schramm@despatch.com Despatch Industries Featured in PC Control Magazine (Friday, January 20, 2012) Minneapolis, Minn., U.S.A. – January 20, 2012 - Despatch Industries, a leading technology and equipment provider for the solar industry, was recently featured in PC Control magazine, a global publication focused on automation technology that is written and distributed by Beckhoff. Beckhoff is a leading manufacturer of PC-based automation components and systems. The article in PC Control discusses how Despatch has changed the control of its market-leading CF Series firing furnaces to a PC-based control platform from Beckhoff and the performance improvements the company has seen as a result. Follow this link to read the full article. Despatch has specialized in thermal processing for over 100 years. The company is actively using this technical expertise to provide innovative solutions and high performance products to the thermal, solar and carbon fiber markets. The company’s regional offices and complete global service network allow Despatch to provide local sales and product support to all customers worldwide. Despatch equipment is consistently recognized for exceptional performance and process quality, maximum uptime and reduced operating costs. View the article Media Contact: Amber Schramm 952-469-5424 amber.schramm@despatch.com Despatch Industries Sees Strong Increase in Orders for Clean Process Benchtop Ovens (Friday, December 16, 2011 ) Minneapolis, Minn., U.S.A. – December 16, 2011 - Despatch Industries, the world’s leading thermal processing equipment provider for over one hundred years, reports that the company has seen a strong increase in orders for its LCC clean process benchtop ovens. The orders have come from customers in a variety of industries, including semiconductor, healthcare and electronic components. “Our recent increase in orders show that customers are taking advantage of the versatility and robustness that the LCC oven offers to meet their many different production and application needs,” states Kim Meyer, Despatch Product Manager. “The LCC offers a stackable design with several standard chamber sizes and is available with a host of options to meet our customers’ specific processing requirements.” Despatch’s line of LCC clean process benchtop ovens features standard HEPA filter, stainless steel interior and exterior and the Protocol Plus™ programmable control system. LCC ovens are available in air or nitrogen atmosphere conditions and with maximum temperature capabilities of 260°C (500°F) or 350°C (662°F). Additional oven options include silicone-free construction, an oxygen concentration monitor system, chart recorders and end-of-cycle and high-limit audible and visual alarms. LCC ovens can also be stacked to maximize floor space. Despatch has specialized in thermal processing for over 100 years and is actively using this technical expertise to provide innovative solutions to critical applications in a broad range of markets and cutting edge technology worldwide. Media Contact: Amber Schramm 952-469-5424 amber.schramm@despatch.com Despatch Industries Sells Custom Conveyor Oven (Thursday, November 17, 2011 ) Minneapolis, Minn., U.S.A. – November 17, 2011 - Despatch Industries, the world’s leading thermal processing equipment provider for over one hundred years, announces that the company has sold a custom, high temperature conveyor oven. The oven will be utilized for stress relieving titanium bars that are used in a variety of markets, from medical implants to construction to sporting equipment. “Our line of high performance PC Series conveyor ovens provide consistent and repeatable process results,” states Tom Weller, Applications Engineer. “This customer chose Despatch because we have the capability to customize our line of conveyor ovens to meet tight airflow tolerances and temperature specifications.” Despatch’s PC Series ovens are designed to maximize production capacity and optimize floor space. This modified, high-temperature (1100°F) conveyor oven features a wider width chamber and customized stainless steel high temperature belt and all stainless steel interior. Additional options for the PC Series include Class A capabilities, adding multiple heating and cooling zones, variable conveyor speeds and clean environment air filtration including HEPA filters. Despatch has specialized in thermal processing for over 100 years and is actively using this technical expertise to provide innovative solutions to critical applications in a broad range of markets and cutting edge technology worldwide. Media Contact: Amber Schramm 952-469-5424 amber.schramm@despatch.com     © Copyright ITW, 2019, All Rights Reserved.    Home / Site Map / Contact Us     Follow us on: Twitter | LinkedIn | YouTube Despatch is a member of ITW EAE, A division of Illinois Tool Works, Inc. For more information visit www.itweae.com   Privacy Statement   Google Code for Remarketing Tag ------------------------------------------------ Remarketing tags may not be associated with personally identifiable information or placed on pages related to sensitive categories. See more information and instructions on how to setup the tag on: http://google.com/ads/remarketingsetup ------------------------------------------------- begin Pardot Website Tracking code end Pardot Website Tracking code Add the following script at the bottom of the web page (before </body></html>) This site is converting visitors into subscribers and customers with OptinMonster - https://optinmonster.com / OptinMonster 