Schober specializes in the development and manufacturing of rotary tools, modules & machines for film, foil, packaging, nonwovens and paper converting | Schober USA, Inc. Google Tag Manager (noscript) End Google Tag Manager (noscript) Home Company History Team Knowledge Base IML Converting Punching Legal information Sitemap Imprint Contact How to find us Products Tools & Modules Punching & Stamping Needling Cutting & Perforating Creasing, Scoring, Embossing Sealing & Embossing Ultrasonic Welding Dispensing, Applying Cut & Place Collating, Folding Gluing / Bonding Laser Technology Machines & Systems Inmould Label Cutting Digital Converting Sheet Converting Pick and Place Label cutting / laminating Label punching Web punching Transport hole punching Inline Processing Cardboard converting Cotton pad converting Magnetic tape processor Electronically Controlled Die Cutting Tool Vector Technology RFID Counting / stacking Consumables & Spare parts Service Technical Service Performance Service Software Service Remote Services Regrinding and Re-Sharpening Testing department Worldwide Media Video Brochures Press Relations Career Positions Apprenticeship Do you know what is produced with Schober machines, modules and tools? Please visit us at the IDEA show in Miami, FL on March 23rd - March 28th, 2019 ⟩ Continuous forms and security printing Continuous forms/Invoice sets , Stock forms/Graph paper , Mailing products/Payment slips , Remittance sets , Punching of special shapes , Security documents , Paper , Remaliner/Line hole punching , Punches/Dies , Perforation lines/Cutting rules , Crimp punches and dies Labels, entry- and transportation cards Selfadhesive labels , Inmould labels/Bottle labels/Wet labels , Tea tags/Tea bags , Elektronic article surveillance/RFID Labels , Airline tickets/Entry tickets , Parking tickets , Price labels/Hang tags/Punch cards , Hollow spring knives , Razor blade holders , Perforating rules , Transport holes/Register punching Cartons, cigarette, liquid packaging and flexible packaging Opening features/Straw holes/Spouts , Opening perforation/Half cut , Ventilation holes , Liquid packaging , Beverage carriers/Trays , Inspection windows/Level indicator , Tobacco blanks , Flexible packaging , Braille embossing , Embossing , Hot foil/Hologram , Foil/Cardboard Hygiene, medical and general nonwovens Airlaid , Tear-off perforation , Baby diapers , Ventilation holes , Ladies sanitary napkins/Panty shields , Adult diapers/Incontinence products , Contour cut , Band aids , Wound dressings/compresses , Cut and place , Colostomy bags , Special punching profiles , Nonwovens , Form welding/pattern sealing/bonding , Pills , Test stripes , Ultrasonic welding , Cotton pads Automotive, electronic and technical products Batteries , Fuel cells , Printed electronics , Multilayer labels , Solar panels Hightech Solutions by Schober Needling Schober USA, who is partnered with a European company for more than 25 years, has been providing needling equipment for many market areas. Through this experienced collaboration, we can provide you with proven technology for cold or hot needling applications. VentPerf systems are available as in-line, off-line modules and systems for all your needling applications. Directly to our solutions Cut & Place “Cut and Place“ is the transfer and placement of pre-cut materials or products onto a continuously moving web in fixed or variable distances within registration. This technology is applied for the production of top-quality products for the telecommunication, automobile and pharmaceutical industry. Directly to our solutions Creasing, Scoring, Embossing Schober develops and manufactures rotary scoring, creasing and embossing tools for the application of product specific profiles in materials such as carton, filter-materials, nonwovens and fuel cells. Plenty years of experience show: “creasing and embossing is a matter of trust”. A creasing or an embossing in the wrong place diminishes the optical appearance and the technical function of high value products. Directly to our solutions Punching & Stamping The punching technology has been developed and refined through Schober´s long standing experience in the printing, packaging, hygiene and medical field spanning over several decades. Based on the material, punching applications with web width of up to 2000 mm and speeds of up to 600 m/min can be performed clean and burr-free. Waste removal is achieved without any problems even for tight punching patterns with hole sizes as small as 0.5 mm. Directly to our solutions Cutting & Perforating Schober develops, manufactures and supplies a wide range of tools, modules or complete processing lines for the manufacturing of longitudinal, cross, contour and half cuts as well as perforations by proven technologies, e.g. Directly to our solutions Sealing & Embossing Amongst other things, this technology is used for the application of magnetic tape onto electronically readable tickets, however, it is also used to embellish packaging with foil and holograms to protect against counterfeiting and product piracy. Directly to our solutions Collating, Folding Take advantage of Schober´s experience and know-how right from the start. Schober has been very successful in developing, manufacturing and supplying equippment to the business forms and label industry for more than 50 years. Directly to our solutions Gluing/Bonding Schober supplies in combination with its converting machines proven technology for the application of cold glue and hot glue. Different glue application systems are available such as application rollers, touch-less applicatorheads or jet-matrix systems - controlled by a programmable microprocessor. Directly to our solutions Dispensing, Applying High-precision and easy integration are outstanding features of our modules for the production of security and product certification labels. If your application includes holograms to inhibit counterfeiting, electromagnetic security labels (EAS) or RFID-Labels, Schober offers high performance at economical cost. Our modules can be used to apply hotfoil for the production of value added products as well. Furthermore, they can be equipped with a foil saving device to reduce hotfoil waste. Directly to our solutions Ultrasonic Welding Is especially suitable for the pre-welding of composite or non-woven materials. Schober´s highly developed Ultrasonic Technology with speeds up to 300 m/min offers effective cost reduction and energy conservation. With Ultrasonics the application of adhesive to bond web material and the energy consuming calender process to seal films, foils and non-wovens are obsolete. Directly to our solutions Laser Technology Laser is a technology where the tool that cuts the pattern is not subject to physical wear. In other words a custom designed cutting tool is not required. The cut/perforated contour is software controlled. The coordinates are calculated accurately to eliminate distortion (on the fly). The new Schober Laser system cuts, perforates and scores film, foil and paper with computer controlled precision at speeds up to 350 m/min. High-tech efficiency, in-line or off-line. Directly to our solutions   Save the Date Schober on site: All exhibitions at one glance RSM1000-IML The new RSM-IML flagship, especially designed to convert printed film and foil such as OPP, PE, PS, PET and composite materials with print formats up to 1,000 x 950 mm In a fully modular design, the RSM1000-IML has integrated most of the proven stacking technology developed by Schober over the years. The rotary die cutting module has been fully redesigned to convert printing formats up to 1,000 x 950 mm. Embossing and micro perforation modules, as well as an injector holes waste ejection package, can be retrofitted at a later stage. More technical features … Unternehmen Company History How to find us Team Legal information Imprint Sitemap Contact Produkte Products Tools & Modules Machines & Systems Consumables & Spare parts Service Service Technical Service Performance Service Software Service Remote Services Regrinding and Re-Sharpening Testing Department Weltweit Worldwide Media Media Video Brochures Press Relations Karriere Career Positions Apprenticeship © Schober specializes in the development & manufacturing of rotary tools, modules & machines for film, foil, packaging, nonwovens & paper converting +1 513-489-7393 Contact Fair dates Search To top 