Industrial Blades | Machine Knives | IKS Google Tag Manager V.0.0.11 from Tools for Joomla End Google Tag Manager Phone: 800-354-9872   Home About Us Products Tissue and Towel Converting Log Saw Blades EXO™ Surface Coating Log Saw Blade Grinding System Safety Solutions Super Abrasives - CBN Grinding Wheels Tissue Perforating Blades Lubricants Core Cutter and Packaging Knives Circular Slitter Knives Offline Log Saw Grinder Recycling Advanced Machine Knife Technology Precision Manufactured Bevels and Grades Performance-Matched Cost-Cutting Solutions Tire Recycling Paper Manufacturing and Converting Top Slitter Bottom Slitter Sheeter Knives Commercial Printing Paper Knives Printing Knife Accessories Metal Shear Blades Rotary Metal Slitters Rotary Tube Cutoff Knives Metal Scrap Chopper Knives Machine Ways and Wear Parts Capabilties Brochures IKS News Contact Leading manufacturer and supplier of high-quality industrial machine knives and blades We provide only the highest quality industrial machine knives and blades but also outstanding customer service. IKS offers a variety of technical services related to the industrial manufacturing market Tissue Strict quality guidelines, advanced manufacturing techniques, and highly-skilled sawsmiths allow us to provide industrial blades of unrivaled quality. View More Paper & Printing IKS is your manufacturer and supplier for all of your cutting products related to the paper manufacturing and converting industries. View More Metal We offer one of the largest inventories of shear blades in the world-- learn more about our wide variety of products for the metal cutting industry. View More Recycling Our mechanical advancements combined with a dedication to innovation have made us leaders in the plastic, rubber, paper, and metal recycling industries. View More High-Quality Industrial Blades & Knives International Knife and Saw (IKS) is a leading manufacturer and supplier of high-quality industrial machine knives and blades. A privately owned American company, IKS provides cutting tools, technical consulting services, best practices training programs, and OEM equipment upgrades to customers throughout the world. The IKS portfolio offers industrial machine knives and blades for many major market segments, including: Tissue and Towel Converting Paper Manufacturing and Converting  Commercial Printing  Steel Producers and Metal Processors Recycling Industries for Plastic, Rubber, Paper and Metal Products. Our industrial machine knives and blades can be found in the plants of many international companies including Kimberly-Clark, Proctor and Gamble, Georgia Pacific, Sofidel, United States Steel, ArcelorMittal, Shaw Industries, RR Donnelley and Quad Graphics. While IKS maintains a global presence supplying these large customers, we also provide the same quality industrial machine knives and blades, including our technical services, to many smaller business operations. IKS operates from an 110,000 square foot manufacturing plant in Florence, South Carolina. This USA facility not only manufactures industrial machine knives and blades, but also serves as the company’s major sales and distribution center. Other IKS owned and operated facilities are located in Canada and Mexico. Strategic warehouses located throughout the world stock and distribute IKS industrial machine knives and blades. International Knife and Saw (IKS) is an ever-growing and adapting company. We strive to provide only the highest quality industrial machine knives and blades but also outstanding customer service and world-class technical support long after the initial sale has been completed. maininner end OUR FEATURED PRODUCTS: IKS specializes in manufacturing and distributing high-quality industrial machine knives and blades for a variety of industries. Click the links below to view our featured product for each market. main end IKS Exhibiting at MIAC 2018 Wednesday, 30 May 2018 October 10-12 in Lucca Italy, Booth #60 Continue Reading Jeff Carr set to give "Tech Talk" at Tissue World Miami Monday, 15 January 2018 Jeff Carr, EVP of Sales, selected to present a Tech Talk at this year's Tissue World show in Miami, March 22, 2018 @ 1:00 pm. Continue Reading IKS Remains Leading Provider of Long Cutting Tools Monday, 16 October 2017 Our recent purchase of a Viper Pro-4216AG Bridge Vertical Machining Center will enhance IKS’s reputation as a leading provider of long cutting tools to the steel, paper, tissue, and recycling industries. Continue Reading Another important part of the IKS Advantage Friday, 29 September 2017 Onsite training of coil processing personnel is only part of the IKS Advantage! Continue Reading Industry Spotlight: Plastic, Rubber, Paper & Metal Recycling Wednesday, 15 April 2015 Take a moment to learn more about our Recycling division and the products and services it offers. Continue Reading Industry Spotlight: Tissue and Towel Converting Wednesday, 08 April 2015 Take a moment to learn more about our tissue and towel converting products and services. Continue Reading IKS' Metal Division Capabilities Friday, 20 March 2015 Take a moment to learn more about IKS' metal division and the products and services it offers. Continue Reading Improve Efficiency With IKS Log Saw Blade Grinding System Wednesday, 14 January 2015 Does your log saw limit you to less than 1 million cuts before needing a blade change? It's time to improve efficiency with IKS log saw blade grinding system. Continue Reading 800-354-9872 | 1435 North Cashua Dr. | Florence, SC 29501 © Copyright 2014. International Knife & Saw, Inc. All rights Reserved. Site design by: Pinnacle Creative Marketing Tissue and Towel Converting Log Saw Blades EXO™ Surface Coating Safety Solutions Super Abrasives - CBN Grinding Wheels Tissue Perforating Blades Lubricants Core Cutter and Packaging Knives Circular Slitter Knives Metal Shear Blades Rotary Metal Slitters Rotary Tube Cutoff Knives Metal Scrap Chopper Knives Machine Ways and Wear Parts Recycling Advanced Machine Knife Technology Precision Manufactured Bevels and Grades Performance-Matched Cost-Cutting Solutions Commercial Printing Paper Knives Printing Knife Accessories Paper Top Slitter Bottom Slitter Sheeter Knives 