Home - Doug Brown Packaging Products, Inc. Toggle navigation Home About What We Do Equipment Bagging Void Fill Product Protection Products Factory Service Outreach Contact Doug Brown Packaging Products, Inc. Solving Your Packaging Puzzles Since 1965 Work With Us /.row /.container /.slider-bg /.main-flex-slider script> if (Modernizr.touch) { } </script Industrial Packaging Efficiently bag and seal your products with a tabletop bagger. Reduce your labor, speed productivity, save money and streamline your industrial packaging operation. Learn More /.container Mail Order Fulfillment The new Autobag 850S bagger is uniquely designed to provide enhanced packaging productivity for mail order fulfillment applications. Capable of running bags up to 22” wide, this system features a breakthrough bag opening technology that securely grips and holds the open bag in place. Learn More /.container Food Packaging Systems Reduce your labor costs, speed productivity, save money and streamline your food packaging operation with the FAS SPrint Revolution. Accommodates a wide variety of loading methods, automatic infeeds, inline imprinters, products and bag sizes. Learn More /.container Retail Packaging With a large number of shapes and sizes to accommodate virtually any product type, our stock plastic clamshells offer a custom packaging look and feel. Whether hanging on a peg or standing on a shelf, our clamshell packaging merchandises your product in the best possible light with superior hinge strength, tight seals, high clarity and eco-friendly options. Learn More /.container Void Fill We offer a number of options when it comes to void fill. We offer proven systems in high and low volume paper systems utilizing Sealed Air’s 100 percent recycled paper packaging material which is also curbside recyclable. For operations requiring air pillow benefits, we offer the industry leading 95% pre-consumer recycled content Airpouch System from Automated Packaging Systems. Learn More /.container Looking for a quote on products or equipment? Get Quote /.row /.container Comment form for pages /.container End Comment form for pages /.inner-container /.content /.wrap Search Search for: Search Quick Links Equipment Products Service Our Business Philosophy Our business philosophy is to constantly provided added value proposals to enhance our customers packaging and their processes. We assess each opportunity and apply our nearly 50 years of experience to find our customer the right package solution for their bottom line. Read More Superior Midwest Service Doug Brown Packaging Products, Inc. has factory trained sales personnel and service technicians throughout Michigan, Indiana, and Ohio. Phone: 248-549-2550 Fax: 248-549-3409 Connect With Us  © 2016 Doug Brown Packaging Products, Inc. 