Splicing Unwinds | Daytona Beach, FL - Larson/Burton, Inc. Watch for Our New Zipper Unwind (779) 208-8446 Contact Us css nav Home Fixed-Spindle & Roll Loading Trim Rewind & Controls Contact css nav home_5_im_none ADD CUSTOM BLOCK High-Value, Narrow-Web Splicing Unwinds Get Started Exceptional Splicing Unwind Equipment Over hundreds of installations, we have made equipment capable of automatic splices on materials from delicate, single-layer tissue to foil-backed board stock, from 20 mm- to 51"-wide, and from intermittent 50fpm to 1900fpm. We have the technology to build machines that reach speeds up towards 2000fpm while maintaining unrivaled low and accurate tension levels. Rely on Larson/Burton, Inc. when you need flexible services, customized equipment, and a partner that is easy to work with. Our relatively small size allows us to build single, unique prototypes in a timely and cost-effective manner. Yet we still have the capacity to carry a prototype through to a roll out production stage. Our creativity allows us to put together cost-effective solutions for you that improve your bottom line and pay for themselves in the long run. Fixed-Spindle Roll Loading Trim Rewinds Controls Solve your splicing unwind problems when you work with Larson/Burton, Inc. Call (779) 208-8446 About Us Daytona Beach, Florida-based Larson/Burton, Inc. has been serving consumer product companies nationwide with reliable zero-speed automatic splicing unwinds since 1998. Our industry-unique approach to tension control, broad array of splicing methods (many tapeless), and our commitment to standard off-the-shelf control components combine to make up a simple, high-performance unwinding package that is cost-effective. We have proven designs for: • Heat-Seal Butt Splice • Same-Side Tape Butt Splice • Cap Liner Splicing • Heat-Seal Overlap Splice • Single-Tape Lap Splice (No Leading Edge) • Sandwich Bag Zipper Splicing • Double-Tape Butt Splice • In-Register Label Splice • Drawstring Bag Splicing Contact Thank you for your interest. We look forward to hearing from you soon. Phone (779) 208-8446 Hours of Operation Monday - Friday, 8 a.m. - 5 p.m. Address 1010 N Nova Road, Daytona Beach, FL 32117 Service Area Nationwide Share ADD CUSTOM BLOCK END END-OF home_5_im_none FOOTER BLOCK Larson/Burton, Inc. Navigation Links Home Fixed-Spindle & Roll Loading Trim Rewind & Controls Contact Business Address 1010 N Nova Road SA1 SA2 Daytona Beach FL 32117 Business Contact Phone:   (779) 208-8446 WSP_COPYRIGHT Copyright ©  2013   Website Design  by Web.com Group, Inc. /WSP_COPYRIGHT END-OF FOOTER BLOCK WSP_SC /WSP_SC 