Advanced Grinding Supplies Ltd - Advanced Grinding Supplies Ltd This site uses cookies to help us provide quality services. Using our services, you consent to the use of cookies. More info Agree Advanced Grinding Supplies Ltd Register Log In/Out Log in Follow Us Facebook Linkedin Home Grinding Machines Studer Cylindrical Grinding CNC & Manual Machines Manual Machines S20-2 Manual Universal S30-1 Manual Universal External Universal favorit Universal S21 CNC Universal S31 CNC Universal S33 CNC Universal S41 CNC Universal Internal Universal S121 CNC Internal S131 CNC Internal S141 CNC Internal S151 CNC Internal External Production S11 CNC Production S22 CNC Production Internal Production S110 CNC Internal S120 CNC Internal Combination Machines Hard Turning & Grinding S242 CNC Hard Turn/Grind Software StuderWIN Hardware Granitan Schaudt Cylindrical Grinding CNC Machines Cam Grind CamGrind S CNC CamShaft CamGrind L1 CNC CamShaft CamGrind L2 CNC CamShaft CamGrind XL CNC CamShaft Flex Grind FlexGrind M CNC Universal Shaft Grind ShaftGrind S CNC ShaftGrind L1 CNC ShaftGrind L2 CNC Mikrosa Centreless Grinding CNC Machines Kronos S Kronos S 125 Kronos S 250 Kronos M Kronos L Special Machines Tooling Dressing Tools Natural Diamond & Synthetic Dressing Tools by Machine Type Studer Dressing Tools J&S Dressing Tools Standard Dressing Tool Types Tecnologie FRB Centres & Face Drivers Face Drivers Face Drivers for Grinders for cylindrical grinding machines Face Drivers for Lathes for turning between centres Face Drivers for Gear Cutting for gear machining between centres Centres Live Centres for turning, grinding and gear cutting Dead Centres for turning and grinding Head Carrying Centres for Turning & Grinding Filtration Filter Paper Non-woven filter rolls Air Filtration Mist Extraction Coolant Filtration Coolant Filter Systems Accessories Nimatic Coolant Management Equipment Nimatic Oil Skimmer 2430E with built in waste oil separator Nimatic Emulsion Mixer for automatic mixing of water based coolant and other liquids Nimatic NRC-200 Reversible Suction Cleaner for the pumping of liquids into any standard barrel Consumables Pattex PSE6N Stabilit Express 80g fast setting 2-part adhesive Cimcool Centre Saver 2oz tube waterproof grease Abrasives Abrasive Types Electroplated CBN & Diamond Precision Internal Grinding Pins More Information Grinding Wheel Shapes - Conventional Abrasives News Contact Us Studer Cylindrical Grinding Machines Fritz Studer AG, established in 1912, are the market and technology leader in universal, external and internal cylindrical grinding as well as form grinding, thread grinding and more. STUDER produce manual and CNC machines and individual system solutions for high-precision cylindrical grinding small to medium-sized workpieces. Find out more Find out more Schaudt Cylindrical Grinding Machines SCHAUDT is renowned worldwide for its cutting-edge technological solutions for cylindrical and noncircular grinding between centres. Each machine is a unique product manufactured to your requirements. SCHAUDT provide custom-made, high-precision cylindrical, cam-shaft and universal grinding machines. Find out more Mikrosa Centreless Grinding Machines MIKROSA is synonymous with top quality centerless grinding machines worldwide. For 100 years, they have been building machines tailored to maximum precision and reliability. MIKROSA grinding machines are 'the' name for precision and quality in centerless grinding. Discover more about the KRONOS machine range. Find out more Tecnologie FRB Centres & Face Drivers Since 1960 TECNOLOGIE FRB have been designing and manufacturing live centers and face drivers for turning, grinding and hobbing. TECNOLOGIE FRB have a wide range of Face Drivers, Live & Dead Centres and other tooling to meet your every need. Find out more Coolant Maintenance With the NIMATIC range we are able to offer equipment and solutions for all aspects of your Coolant Maintenance including Oil Skimmers, Vacuum Pumps, Coolant Emulsion Mixers and Refractometers. To help you reduce your coolant maintenance costs and keep your machines in excellent condition. Find out more S Fritz Studer AG, established in 1912, are the market and technology leader in universal, external and internal cylindrical grinding as well as form grinding, thread grinding and more. STUDER produce manual and CNC machines and individual system solutions for high-precision cylindrical grinding small to medium-sized workpieces. Log In/Out Close Username Password Remember Me Forgot your password? Forgot your username? Create an account You are here: Home Agents and Distributors of some of the worlds leading manufacturers from Switzerland, Germany and Italy of Cylindrical and Centreless Grinding Machines, Coolant and Air Filtration, Face Drivers, Live & Dead Centres, Diamond Dressing Tools, Precision Tooling and Consumables. This makes us the best place to come so we can work with you to help you stay ahead of the competition. Our good reputation is founded on the high quality products, excellent service and in-depth engineering knowledge. We have the knowledge, expertise and the dedication to meet your Cylindrical and Centreless Grinding Machine, Coolant Filtration, Mist Extraction,Face Drivers for Lathes, Grinders or Gear Cutting Machines, Live Centres, Dead Centres, Tooling, Equipment and Consumable requirements and will work with you to solve your grinding and machining problems. We are exclusive sales agents for STUDER , SCHAUDT & MIKROSA Cylindrical and Centreless Grinding Machines in the South UK & South Wales. Bringing you cutting edge Cylindrical, Universal, External, Internal and Centreless grinding technology. To compliment the machine tools, we aim to be able to meet the needs of our customers by also supplying the full range of additional equipment, tooling and consumables not only to fit your Conventional and CNC Grinding machines but for all machine tools. To do this we have teamed up with the best companies to supply their complete ranges. We stock our own range of Natural Diamond & Synthetic Dressing Tools . These include Chisel type dressing tools, Cone type tools, CVD Fliese Blade type dressers, Grain & Needle Fliese (Fliesen) dressing tools and PCD or CVD Dixi style dressing tips to fit any machine. We can manufacture Dressing Tools in any quantities to meet your individual requirements. this also includes replicating your existing tools or working with you to design a tool to suit your exact needs. Large stocks of the most popular sizes and grades of Coolant Filter Paper to suit most coolant systems. We can also cut rolls to fit your particular system. Suppliers of a full range of Abrasive products including Grinding wheels from the leading manufacturers like Norton, Flexovit, Winterthur, Hermes & Tyrolit. We stock and supply a wide range of Diamond & CBN Electroplated Grinding Pins . We can also offer technical advice and recommendations on the correct abrasive product to suit you applications. Precision Chucks of all types including manual 2, 3, 4 & 6 Jaw Scroll Chucks, Pneumatic Sliding Jaw Chucks & Diaphragm Chucks either standard units or clamping systems to suit individual requirements for Grinding Machines, Lathes, Mills or Machining Centres. A full range of Precision Live & Dead Centres and Face Drivers from Tecnologie FRB . Either standard stocked items or we can work with you to design centres or face drivers to meet your individual needs. Coolant Maintenance Equipment including Oil Skimmers , Coolant Emulsion Mixers , Coolant System Cleaning Pumps and Refractometers     Thank you! Please check your email and confirm the newsletter subscription. Your subscription was updated AdGrind Newsletter We occasionally send out very brief newsletters telling you of new and exciting things. If you would like to receive a copy then please fill in your details below. Email Address  * It seems that you have already subscribed to this list. Click here to update your profile. First Name  * Last Name  * Company  * Subscribe Latest News Grinding Symposium 2019 Grinding Symposium 2019 “United for your Success”: This is the Motto of the Symposium – because, as with all the Group’s actions, once again the benefit for our customers is our Benchmark. Read more ... Studer WireDress Dressing metal-bonded grinding wheels efficiently in the grinding machine You can achieve a higher productivity using metal bonded grinding wheels - but how do you dress them? The integrated electro-discharge dressing technology WireDress® opens up brand new possibilities for grinding with metal-bonded grinding wheels and drastically cuts auxiliary times. Fritz Studer AG makes it possible to increase grinding power in the grinding process by 30% and reduce grinding wheel wear by 70% compared with ceramic and resin bonded grinding wheels. With the new Studer WireDress® it is even possible to dress Grinding wheels with very intricate contours. Read more ... Privacy Notice Site Map Terms & Conditions of Sale Registered office: Unit 16, Stanley Court, Edison Close, Waterwells Business Park, Gloucester, GL2 2AE Registered in England & Wales. Registration No: 05976793 © 2019   Advanced Grinding Supplies Ltd , All rights reserved Tel: 0845 053 0340  Fax: 0845 053 0341  E-mail:  This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. 