Ian Jones Sales Metal Fabricating Machinery Helping Fabricators body start html embeds start body start html embeds end HOME WHITNEY PIRANHA BERTSCH OTHER PRODUCTS More...     Toll Free | TEL: 800-565-0378      Quebec   | TEL: 800-361-4777 © 2019 IAN Jones Sales Company Tel: 800-565-0378 Fax: 905-331-6089 975 Fraser Drive, Unit 9 Burlington, Ontario L7L 4X8 info@ianjones.com AND GET THE EQUIPMENT YOU NEED TO DO THE JOB ! Come visit us! Tel: 800-361-4777 Ontario Quebec Helping Fabricators Build Canada Over 40 Years Products  You  Need ​ ​ Quality You Can Trust PIRANHA IRONWORKER P50 Piranha Ironworker’s unique and versatile features such as urethane stripping, automatic shear hold-downs, quick change tooling, low blade rake angles, and six standard work stations, coupled with its ergonomic design and clear lines of sight to all tools, including shear blades, place Piranha ironworkers far above the competition. PIRANHA IRONWORKER P65 Piranha Ironworker’s unique and versatile features such as urethane stripping, automatic shear hold-downs, quick change tooling, low blade rake angles, and six standard work stations, coupled with its ergonomic design and clear lines of sight to all tools, including shear blades, place Piranha ironworkers far above the competition. PIRANHA IRONWORKER P90 Piranha Ironworker’s unique and versatile features such as urethane stripping, automatic shear hold-downs, quick change tooling, low blade rake angles, and six standard work stations, coupled with its ergonomic design and clear lines of sight to all tools, including shear blades, place Piranha ironworkers far above the competition. PIRANHA IRONWORKER P110 Piranha Ironworker’s unique and versatile features such as urethane stripping, automatic shear hold-downs, quick change tooling, low blade rake angles, and six standard work stations, coupled with its ergonomic design and clear lines of sight to all tools, including shear blades, place Piranha ironworkers far above the competition. PIRANHA IRONWORKER P140 Piranha Ironworker’s unique and versatile features such as urethane stripping, automatic shear hold-downs, quick change tooling, low blade rake angles, and six standard work stations, coupled with its ergonomic design and clear lines of sight to all tools, including shear blades, place Piranha ironworkers far above the competition. PIRANHA IRONWORKER PII-88 Piranha Ironworker’s unique and versatile features such as urethane stripping, automatic shear hold-downs, quick change tooling, low blade rake angles, and six standard work stations, coupled with its ergonomic design and clear lines of sight to all tools, including shear blades, place Piranha ironworkers far above the competition. PIRANHA IRONWORKER PII-140 Piranha Ironworker’s unique and versatile features such as urethane stripping, automatic shear hold-downs, quick change tooling, low blade rake angles, and six standard work stations, coupled with its ergonomic design and clear lines of sight to all tools, including shear blades, place Piranha ironworkers far above the competition. PIRANHA PRECISION PLASMA Piranha Precision Plasma cutting tables provide maximum accuracy using precision fabricated and machine structural components. Designed and optimized for high definition plasma cutting with machine tool accuracy, Whitney Plasma tables provide unsurpassed performance and reliability. WHITNEY LASER Whitney Lasers are high-performance, state-of-the-art, extremely precise and dynamic machine tools. Available in sizes from 5’ x 10’ to 10’ x 20’, and with available fiber laser power up to 12kW, there is a Whitney Laser available for your specific application WHITNEY PORTABLE PRESSES Whitney Portable Hydraulic Presses are high quality machine tools, backed by decades of in-house experienced and professional customer service and application. PIRANHA SHEARS Two cylinder guillotine metal plate shears available in base and premium models including CNC control and Go-to back gauge designs. Adjustable blade gap, brake angle, and stroke length are features available in 1/4″ to 1″ shearing capacity in models up from 8′ to 26′ in width. PIRANHA PRESS BRAKES Integrated Hydraulic Bed Crowning. World class components such as Delem Controls, Hoerbiger Hydraulics and Panasonic/Delta Drives and Motors. Side and rear safety gates as well as state of the art laser curtains from Fiessler. BERTSCH BENDING ROLLS Bertsch Bending Rolls utilize industry leading hydraulics and electrics in both Three-Roll Initial Pinch and Four Roll Double Pinch robust designs WHITNEY COMBINATION Combination machines use the fastest technologies to make parts – punching and plasma cutting. Additional features such as forming, drilling, tapping, milling, marking, and bevel cutting can be added to eliminate additional downstream operations, allowing parts to be completed in a single operation. Show More VIEW BY BRAND Why Ian Jones Sales? Ian Jones Sales Company (IJS), is a wholly owned subsidiary of MegaFab, offering sales, service, parts and tooling to the Canadian metal fabrication market for all MegaFab brands, along with several other leading fabricating equipment manufacturers. As a master importer for Canada, IJS provides multiple distribution capabilities for all its product lines. ​ Located in Ontario, Canada, IJS has grown substantially over their 40 year history. It has always been our purpose to provide customers the best value in fabrication machinery along with service and punctuality as top priority. With this philosophy, IJS is proud to have a widespread customer base and an outstanding reputation in the industry. ​ IJS offers the Canadian metal fabricator the finest machinery, tooling and parts at competitive prices. Through a series of direct technical specialists and a network of local dealers, IJS products are available coast to coast. No Footer body end html embeds start body end html embeds end 