Home - Warrnambool Accommodation. Quality Apartments on Merri Warrnambool Accommodation. Quality Apartments on Merri  [if lte IE 8]> <style type="text/css">#jmslideshow-87 .jmslide-item{background:none !important;}</style> <![endif] Home Warrnambool City by the Sea Things To See Things To Do Links Apartment Tariffs Picture Gallery Driving/Maps Contact Us Welcome to Our Luxurious Warrnambool Accommodation 104 on Merri Apartments, is one of the newest places for accommodation in the vibrant city of Warrnambool on Victoria's spectacular west coast, is the ultimate coastal getaway.  Elegantly appointed to ensure total relaxation, our  luxurious two bedroom apartment boasts a private balcony, complete privacy, and secure underground parking. The apartment is in a prime position, with the very best of Warrnambool right at your doorstep: stunning beaches, great restaurants, picturesque Lake Pertobe, scenic boardwalk and a thriving city centre. And across the road lies the entertaining and endlessly fascinating Flagstaff Maritime Village, with its famous 'Shipwrecked' sound-and-laser show. The apartment features a large open-plan living area with timber flooring, a balcony for outdoor entertaining, and a digital TV (with Austar) and DVD player. The kitchen boasts granite or quartz bench tops plus the latest European stainless steel appliances. The main bedroom has a king-size bed, and the second bedroom either a queen-size bed, king-size single beds or single beds. The main bedroom is equipped with an LCD television.. The main bathroom has a large spa baths with beautifully appointed fittings and believe it or not, another TV. Accommodation in Warrnambool has never been easier. Book your accommodation now     Warrnambool has so much to offer as a holiday destination. The town has grown considerably to become the reional hub of South West Victoria.    Contact Us Phone: 0448 668 738 Find Us on Facebook   begin nostyle begin nostyle content © 2015 - 104 on merri apartments end nostyle content end nostyle Designed by Stones Throw IT . 