Island Inn | Friday Harbor Hotel | INN at Friday Harbor Island Inn | ready • set • slow Off the Coast of Ordinary Home Stay at the Inn Restaurants & Activities Store Get Directions Make A Reservation Packages Contact Us rooms book view ° 360-378-4400 Friday Harbor, WA Ready • Set • Slow Friday Harbor is the best throwback town around with a chill vibe that invites you to stop and smell the ocean. Our Friday Harbor hotel is close to Seattle, Vancouver and Victoria, yet far from ordinary. The right pace at the right time; We offer the best INN Friday Harbor lodging and San Juan Island hotels. You'll dig our contemporary style that nods to maritime gone by. So make a splash in a floatplane, slip in on the ferry or chart your own course. Just get to The Island Inn at 123 West and go with the slow.   We’re proud to be INN the TripAdvisor Hall of Fame! Read the full post "Re-Combobulate; Ready, Set, Slow; Shh” | 5 out of 5 | Reviewed July 4, 2019 "These are the directives posted around the hotel! This is a very high end, beautifully designed boutique hotel with ambassadors who do everything to make your stay most pleasant." Read the full review Friday Harbor Fling Looking for a fling? We've got you covered. Puppy Pass Available INN our puppy friendly digs; Penthouse 4, Penthouse 7 and Sweet 5. Jump Start Stay INN the comfort of your room and we’ll deliver a jump start to get your day going as slow as you’d like. Celebrate Go ahead and celebrate. Reasons are optional. Euros Small no-view sleeping rooms for guests 16 and up. All offer access to a shared living space; 1, 2 & 3 are attached directly to it. Sweets As close to 'normal' hotel rooms as we'll get. Penthouses Big and nicely appointed with kitchens and plenty of elbow room. Don't forget to book your boat! Stash Hotel Rewards LEED Certified Awarded Best of the San Juans FAQ History of the Inn News Gift Certificates Reservation Policies Make a Reservation Press Join Our Team Contact Us Check out the view! The Island Inn at 123 West , PO Box 2346 , Friday Harbor , WA 98250 (Check INN on Front Street) Main 360-378-4400 Toll Free : 877-512-9262 Facebook Twitter Trip Advisor Yelp Copyright © 2019 Island Inn LLC. All Rights Reserved. Website by Mindfly Web Design Studio /container 