The 1770 House - Hamptons luxury hotel and restaurant/ East Hampton bed and breakfast. 631-324-1770 HOME For more than 250 years, The 1770 House has welcomed guests with hospitality and comfort, a tradition that continues to attract guests from around the world to the intimate Inn, steps from the heart of East Hampton Village. The venerable home, today a boutique hotel and restaurant, seamlessly integrates historic elegance with luxurious, modern amenities and first-class dining by Chef Michael Rozzi. INFO The 1770 House 143 Main Street East Hampton, NY 11937 Phone: 631-324-1770 Fax: 631-324-3504 @1770house Main Email: info@1770house.com Private Events: events@1770house.com Media/Press: press@1770house.com Dinner Reservations LINK Room Reservations LINK Event & Promotion Mailing List LINK Map & Directions LINK LINKS Cittanuova Amagansett Sea Salt Balsam Farms Cornell Oysters East End Apiaries Mecox Bay Dairy Milk Pail Orchards Wölffer Estate Vineyard Channing Daughters Winery Barefoot Contessa Ben Krupinski Builder PRESS "What separates The 1770 House from so many high-end Hamptonians is the seamless service and sensibility behind it." ★★★★ – Newsday "The staff is professional, the place is lovely, there is firepower in the kitchen" – The New York Times "The circular outdoor patio is a celestial experience" – Modern Luxury Manhattan Magazine "A favorite among celebrities" – Haute Living "Flawless and innovative" – East Hampton Star "There's nothing like going with a good friend and settling into a corner table . . . all is well with the world" – Ina Garten Top 5 Places to Eat in the Hamptons "For your own glamorous getaway, live the high life at The 1770 House" – Cosmopolitan Magazine HISTORY Originally built as the home of William Fithian, the inn dates back to 1663. However, it was not until 1770 when the home was converted into an inn that it gained its name and began an enduring reputation for warmth and welcome. In its many years, the inn has retained much of its original architecture and colonial charm. The steep wooden staircase, exposed ceiling beams and book-lined lounge with antique fireplace are a few of the elements that lend grace and style. RESTAURANT Under one historic roof, The 1770 House guests can enjoy the best of two dining scenes with Chef Michael Rozzi’s refined contemporary American cooking. In the main dining room and on the seasonal patio is a sophisticated fine dining menu. In the downstairs Tavern is more casual and traditional pub fare. Each setting has a distinctive atmosphere with The 1770 House signature quality and service. Dinner Reservations Menu PDF Tavern Menu PDF Dessert PDF Wine List PDF Restaurant Specials PDF RESTAURANT > MENU An ever-changing, seasonally inspired menu features local ingredients whenever possible. Food and wine lovers put themselves in the chef's able hands with a five course tasting menu paired with premium wines by the sommelier. Menu PDF Tavern Menu PDF Dessert PDF Wine List PDF Restaurant Specials PDF RESTAURANT > DINING ROOM Through a book-lined lounge, kept warm in winter months by a comforting fireplace, arriving guests are ushered into the intimate 40-seat main dining room. Spaciously arranged with antique wooden tables and high-back cushioned wicker chairs atop colorful oriental rugs, the ambiance allows for attentive service, privacy and focus on Chef Rozzi's distinctive and carefully prepared cuisine. RESTAURANT > TAVERN A few steps down the steep staircase takes guests to a different culinary corner at The 1770 House Tavern. Tucked away from the hubbub of nearby East Hampton Village, the Tavern is a refuge for hearty pub fare or a casual spot to enjoy 1770 House's fine dining. INN With just six guest rooms and a two-story carriage house, skilled staff personally cater to the needs of each guest for a customized and relaxed stay. Each suite is fitted with plush Frette linens, Molton Brown amenities, snacks from Dean & DeLuca, flat screen television, a private safe and WIFI. Room Reservations LINK Guest Specials PDF Rates PDF Info PDF INN > ROOM ONE room one BOOK ONLINE Spacious second floor king bedroom (300 sq ft) with sitting area, original 18th century paneling, fireplace and 40” flat screen HDTV. Overlooks historic Main Street. SEE ALL PHOTOS INN > ROOM TWO room two BOOK ONLINE Cozy second floor queen bedroom (168 sq ft). Beautiful William Morris wallpaper creates a charming and cheerful environment. Overlooks historic Main Street. SEE ALL PHOTOS INN > ROOM THREE room three BOOK ONLINE Second floor king bedroom (212 sq ft) adorned with beautiful William Morris wallpaper . 40” HDTV and marble bathroom. SEE ALL PHOTOS INN > ROOM FOUR room four BOOK ONLINE Spacious (296 sq ft) ground floor king bedroom. Faces historic Main Street. Sitting area, gas fireplace and refrigerator. Bathroom with tub. SEE ALL PHOTOS INN > ROOM FIVE room five BOOK ONLINE Stairs lead to second floor guestroom (170 sq ft) with a king bed or two twin beds. Private bathroom is located just outside the room. SEE ALL PHOTOS INN > ROOM SIX room six BOOK ONLINE Ground floor king bedroom (180 sq ft) with private entrance and garden views. SEE ALL PHOTOS INN > CARRIAGE HOUSE carriage house BOOK ONLINE An excellent choice for families or two couples. Private two story building all to yourself. Features open plan living and dining areas with gas fireplace, butler's pantry, and large slate porch with garden view and two bathrooms. Master king bedroom and bathroom on ground floor. Upstairs bedroom features king bed that converts to two twins. Both bedrooms and the living room have flat screen TV's. SEE ALL PHOTOS INN RESTAURANT HISTORY PRESS LINKS INFORMATION HOME rest squares menu squares tavern squares Menu Dining Room Tavern Room One Room Two Room Three Room Four Room Five Room Six Carriage House Dinner Reservations   |   Room Reservations   |  Mailing List   |  Please also visit Cittanuova   © 2019 The 1770 House Restaurant & Inn | 631-324-1770 | East Hampton, New York  |  Site Design by Graphic Image Group, Inc. 