 Agnes Water Holiday Accommodation | 1770 Beach Accommodation //End facebook retargeting HTML5 shim and Respond.js for IE8 support of HTML5 elements and media queries [if lt IE 9]> <script src="https://oss.maxcdn.com/html5shiv/3.7.2/html5shiv.min.js"></script> <script src="https://oss.maxcdn.com/respond/1.4.2/respond.min.js"></script> <![endif] facebook contact us CALL US 07 4974 9990 Menu facebook Holiday Accommodation Agnes Water Town Of 1770 Rocky Point Sunrise@1770 View Availability of all Properties Hot Deals Rentals Agnes Water Town Of 1770 Rocky Point Sunrise@1770 For Sale About Us Boat Hire Guest Book FAQs Local Area Things To Do Agnes Water Festivals Markets in the Region Events in Gladstone Events in Bundaberg Resources Blog Discovery Coast Accommodation 1770 and Agnes Water's Finest Properties Welcome to 1770 Beach Accommodation. We are a 100% locally owned and operated Property Management Business specialising in the finest selection of Seventeen Seventy and Agnes Water holiday accommodation homes, permanent rental properties and properties for sale. 1770 Beach Accommodation is personally operated by the owners/licencee Gavin Ashton and Kim Skinner. This ensures that only the best attention is given to you in choosing your holiday home. Whether you select a beach holiday  house in Agnes Water, a secluded retreat at Sunrise or Rocky Point, or a fabulous Bayside Villa overlooking the waters of Bustard Bay at Seventeen Seventy you will find that we maintain  each property to the highest of standards. At 1770 Beach Accommodation you will also be delighted by the friendly personalised service, care and attention to detail. We believe that our customers deserve only the best. We also understand that everyone’s needs are different; we offer a wide variety of property types including apartments or units, beach houses, villas or cottages, luxurious penthouses or bayside fishing shacks. Many are pet friendly, provide boat parking, are private retreats or family friendly. If you are looking for premium holiday accommodation that is clean, comfortable & fully self contained, or a permanent rental property or seeking to buy, you’ll find the best selection of properties in the region here in our website. For more general information please also visit our About Us page. Holiday Accommodation Permanent Rentals Sales Hot Deals Testimonials Holiday Accommodation 1770 Beach Accommodation is dedicated to service; our guests are greeted on arrival with a warm smile, we can personally escort you to your property and there is always a welcome gift. If you want to travel light we can also assist with organising porta cots, high chairs and we know where to find great boogie boards or surfboards. We can also help organise a wonderful massage for you without having to leave the comfort of your holiday house. And don't forget to ask if we have babysitters available. Find out more... Permanent Rentals 1770 Beach Accommodation offers good quality, affordable, long term rental accommodation. Our experienced property management team will show you through our rental list and process your application without delay. We understand that moving can be stressful and we are happy to provide easy to follow guidelines to help you settle in. If you would like to find out about what is available please see our rental property page or give us a call. Find out more... Sales If you are looking to buy an investment property, a great block of land or a home to move into, we can help you find something you will be happy with. Two of our team members, Gavin and Samantha are long standing members of the community and will certainly give you professional advice and information to make your decision as informed as possible. Find out more... Hot Deals Visit our hot deals section to find out which holiday accommodation properties are currently on special. Find out more... Testimonials "We had a wonderful stay. Sunrises, sunsets, baby turtles being born on the beach! What a highlight! The views from your home took our breath away. We look forward to coming back. We thank you." -- The Adams & Crondell families "20 Days of bliss! The biggest decision of the day was to spend the morning at Springs beach & the afternoon at the pool - or visa versa. Oh, how difficult it has been. Afternoon cleansing ale at the Tavern. Lady Musgrave Island is a must. The water was bluer than the pool. Turtles, reef sharks & manta rays were a highlight and out of this world. Views are self explanatory. We loved the serenity, pounding of the waves, the wind in our hair and the sun on our face." -- Dunc & Ange "Great part of the world! What a lovely place to spend time with the kids & family. House is fantastic, views awesome, saw whales too. We will be back. Pool tennis court & Kabana are and added bonus. Well done." -- Kevin, Fiona, Ellyse & Zoe. Find out more... PROPERTY SEARCH -- Select a Location -- Agnes Water Town of 1770 Rocky Point Sunrise@1770 -- Select a Property Type -- Holiday Accommodation Permanent Rental -- Select a No. of Rooms -- 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 -- Pet Friendly -- No Yes Subscribe Subscribe to our eNewsletter for news, updates and specials: real people should not fill this in and expect good things - do not remove this or risk form bot signups featured holiday accommodation properties Explore the Property The Lazy Lizard Explore the Property Aqui 308 Explore the Property Loka Santi Holiday Apartments Explore the Property Cordelia’s Share This Page Navigation Home Holiday Accommodation Permanent Rentals Sales Hot Deals code word WWS until 31 August 2019 Local Area – Agnes Water & 1770 About Us Resources Blog Contact Us connect with us FACEBOOK GOOGLE+ contact us Phone +61 07 4974 9990 27 North Break Drive, Agnes Water, Queensland Australia 4677 Copyright © 2019 1770 Beach Accommodation Home Privacy Disclaimer Sitemap WEBSITE DESIGNED BY WWW.GREENVALLEYDIGITAL.COM.AU > 