Vacation Rental in Edinburgh Scotland ↓ Skip to Main Content .skip-container end of #logo Home About the Flat Kitchen Bath Shower Front Bedroom Rear Bedroom Sitting Room Flat Features St. Vincent Street Sights end of #header Vacation in Edinburgh Edinburgh Flat/Condo for Rent Vacation in beautiful Edinburgh Scotland. Enjoy a flat located in the city center in one of Europe’s most beautiful and cosmopolitan cities. Edinburgh sits at the gateway to the Scottish highlands, and the flat is located in the historic district known as the New Town. Flat is available for short term rental, and costs far less than similar accommodation in a hotel or bed and breakfast. Edinburgh is an exciting city where you can visit the Castle atop an ancient volcano, the Queen Mother’s palace, the medieval ‘Royal Mile’, Princes Street gardens, the wonderful shopping district of Princes Street, the National Gallery of Art and the numerous museums and sights to see. This flat is located a short 9 minute walk from Princes Street, in the historic New Town! Flat was completely remodeled in the spring of 2008. It sleeps 4 comfortably, and has one pull-out sofabed. Best of all, unlike accommodation in hotels or B & Bs , you can enjoy being TOGETHER in a self-contained flat. Edinburgh has the most ‘user friendly’ airport in the world. “Kneeling” buses to the city run at 10 minute intervals, and the fare is $10 round trip for the 30 minute journey. Edinburgh and the New Town (1750-1850) In the early 1700s, overcrowding in the ancient ‘old town’ and advances in technology led to the first planned city in the world. The New Town was the result, sited to the north of the Royal Mile. It was the world’s first planned development, begun in approximately 1750 and continued for 100 years. Buildings facades are limestone, and all streets were originally cobbled. Strong interest in preservation of these historic building led to the entire district being designated as ‘listed buildings’, and under strict guidelines as to paint colors for doors and windows, and interior modifications to homes and offices. This flat is located 3 blocks (an easy 9 minute walk) from Princes Street. It is also sited close to the Stockbridge shopping area, with all amenities, including hairdressers. Many restaurants and ‘take out/takeaways’ are close by, and two major bus lines are a short street away in two directions. Edinburgh, Scotland has the most ‘user friendly’ airport in the world. “Kneeling” buses to the city run at 10 minute intervals, and the fare is $10 round trip for the 30 minute journey. In the city, taxis abound, and buses offer 24 hour day passes for $5. Hotels run from $125 per night, so renting a flat for short-term stays makes economic sense. Come vacation with us in Edinburgh, Scotland. end of .post-entry end of #post-338 end of #content Links of Interest Edinburgh Guide Edinburgh Map Edinburgh Weather end of #widgets end of #wrapper end of #container end of col-540 .social-icons end of col-380 fit end of col-940 © 2019 Vacation Rental in Edinburgh Scotland end of .copyright ↑ Responsive Theme powered by WordPress end .powered end #footer-wrapper end #footer ngg_resource_manager_marker 