 Home - Craigwell Cottage, Edinburgh .social-links .nav-menu Craigwell Cottage, Edinburgh Your home for a visit 2edinburgh! #site-description #header-text #header-left-section #header-right-section #header-text-nav-wrap .inner-wrap Menu Home Look Book Pay Stay Hurray Blog Edinburgh Castle Take a walk in Holyrood Park and climb Salisbury Crags or Arthur's Seat for views of Edinburgh Castle. Royal Botanic Garden Edinburgh Visit the Royal Botanic Garden Edinburgh for a world class plant collection, great views of Edinburgh and all year round interest. Royal Yacht Britannia The Royal Yacht Britannia is moored at Ocean Terminal Leith - discover what life was like on board The Queen’s floating royal residence. Charlotte Square, Edinburgh The unique combination of Edinburgh's historic Old Town with the planned Georgian New Town is how Edinburgh gained UNESCO World Heritage status. Explore the architecture around Edinburgh's City Centre. Look Take a look inside Craigwell Cottage, Edinburgh a two-storey cottage which is part of the old Craigwell Brewery.  It’s got all you need for a self-catering base in the heart of Edinburgh’s Old Town. Book To book your stay at Craigwell Cottage, Edinburgh, simply select the dates you require and send off a booking form to us Stay You’ll find Craigwell Cottage an ideal location for your stay in Edinburgh – just a block from the Royal Mile, you can park your car or arrive by train or plane and walk all over the compact city centre. Living Area Craigwell Cottage is an upside down house in that the open plan living/dining/kitchen is on the upper floor of the property, with views to the front over Calton Road to the garden of the Veteran’s Residence opposite, and views to Read more Late Availability Edinburgh Short Breaks Last-minute short breaks in Edinburgh Short breaks are popular at Craigwell Cottage – either for the weekend, or mid-week stays.  As we’re so close to Edinburgh’s main attractions, most of what you want to see is only a short walk away. Bedrooms On the ground floor of Craigwell Cottage are the two bedrooms – one double and one twin, as well as the bathroom. Craigwell Cottage is equipped to sleep up to four adults Things to do on a Short Break Salisbury Crags Walk, Edinburgh Susan Craigwell Cottage , Edinburgh , Short Breaks , Walking March 2, 2019 Edinburgh , Walking 3 Comments As soon as you arrive on holiday at Craigwell Cottage, Edinburgh you’ll see views towards Salisbury Crags from the living room window.   Read more Waverley Station – Edinburgh City Breaks Susan Short Breaks March 1, 2019 Accommodation , City Breaks , Edinburgh Castle , RailOffer , royal mile , Short Breaks , trains , Waverley Station 1 Comment Arrive at Edinburgh’s Waverley Station via Virgin Trains East Coast for a city break from Aberdeen, Inverness, London, York, Leeds, Newcastle or Durham (or more stations within easy reach of the ( LNER East Coast rail links ). Read more Edinburgh August, Festival City Susan Craigwell Cottage , Festivals , Guest Comments , Self Catering , Short Breaks February 14, 2019 August , Edinburgh Festival Fringe 0 Comment An Edinburgh August: it’s a great month to experience the city, where there will be lots going on to keep everyone in the family entertained.   Read more Edinburgh Trip Planning 2019 Susan Edinburgh , Self Catering , Short Breaks February 6, 2019 Activities , City Breaks , For Children , ScotlandHour , trip planning 3 Comments January is a busy time for holiday home owners as people start to prepare their holiday plans for the year.  Some people start their Edinburgh trip planning early, booking  a year or more in advance for popular dates, Read more Read more about Autumn Breaks On the Outlander Trail from Edinburgh For fans of Diana Gabaldon's series of Outlander books, now a major TV Series on Starz Network, we've selected some ideas from the books to help you with a self-guided exploration of central Scotland's film locations. Inspired by Outlander? Susan History , Outlander Trail , Reading February 4, 2019 Fife , Outlander , Outlander Adventures , Scotland , touring 2 Comments Visit Outlander Filming Locations In the early 1990s, the author Diana Gabaldon started to publish what would become a long-running series of novels which are initially set in Scotland, which would introduce her readers to different periods of history; to romance and time travel.   Read more Edinburgh Accommodation – Outlander Trail Susan Edinburgh , History , Outlander Trail , Reading , Short Breaks March 20, 2017 Outlander , Outlander Adventures 0 Comment On the Outlander Trail around Central Scotland The biggest fans of Outlander from Wales (their description) have just spent a weekend following their own “ Outlander Trail ” from Craigwell Cottage in Edinburgh. They have been reading Diana Gabaldon’s Outlander series Read more Outlander Edinburgh Exploring Susan Craigwell Cottage , Edinburgh , History , Outlander Trail , Reading , Walking December 23, 2016 Dragonfly in Amber , Outlander , Outlander Adventures , Voyager 0 Comment Top Tips for Outlander Fans in Edinburgh If you’re a fan of the Outlander series of books by Diana Gabaldon, you may be planning a trip to Scotland to find out more about the land which inspired your favourite characters.   Read more Sketching the Outlander Trail with Edinburgh Sketcher Susan Edinburgh , History , Outlander Trail , Short Breaks October 16, 2016 Outlander , Outlander Adventures , Sketching 0 Comment A Sketching trip to Culross with the National Trust for Scotland When you’re on holiday it’s a great time to slow down a little and try your hand at a hobby you don’t usually have much time for, such as sketching.   Read more Outlander Trail Top Posts & Pages .inner-wrap #main Latest from twitter Tweets by @2edinburgh Social Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram Pinterest Flickr YouTube Contact Us To contact us you can: Email susan@2edinburgh.com Call Susan 07742 418388 Copyright © 2019 Craigwell Cottage, Edinburgh #page This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Accept Cookies Policy Privacy & Cookies Policy necessary Always Enabled non-necessary 