4Winds Specialty Tours - European Bike and Barge Tours European Travel Tours - Bike & Barge or Barge Charter Holidays European Travel Tours - Bike & Barge or Barge Charter Holidays Holland Belgium France Italy Germany/ Eastern Europe /.row-fluid /.navbar-inner /.navbar resp Holland Tulip Bike and Barge Tours 4Winds Specialty Tours is your key to an exciting Holland tulip tour, a charter barge tour, or a bike & barge tour in Holland. Go » /.fpc-widget-front Belgium Bike and Barge Tours Lace Making in Bruges                 Bruges Rooftops                                           Asparagus in the Bruges Markt              ... Go » /.fpc-widget-front France Bike and Barge Tours France Bike and Barge Tours Spend a relaxing holiday in France.  France bike and barge tours give you options to experience different areas of France.  The Loire Valley tour takes you through rolling ... Go » /.fpc-widget-front Italy Bike and Barge Tours Bike / Barge Tours Experience the best of Italy with these specially designed Italy bike and barge tours. Explore the gem that is Mantova- Italy’s “Sleeping Beauty”, tour the Venice canals, ... Go » /.fpc-widget-front /fpc-row-1 .fpc-container Barges Tour Bicycles Testimonials About Us Contact Us Search Search for: Location 4Winds Specialty Tours 612 The Parkway Richland, WA 99352 Phone: 509.588.7583 Fax: 509.943.5421 Map AIG Travel Leaders ® //#left or //#right .tc-sidebar                Dutch Bike Cart Your European Bike and Barge Adventure Awaits! 4Winds Specialty Tours is your key to an exciting and unique European bike and barge adventure.  Cycle through the spring tulips of the Netherlands, the picturesque countrysides of France and Belgium or the Valley of the River Po in Italy on a guided European bike and barge tour. Experience a tour with friends you invite, or make a whole new set of friends from all over the world. This is your time to create your memorable European bike and barge holiday. Perfect for individuals, couples, or ten to twenty-four of your family and friends. In addition to the scheduled tours 4Winds offers you the opportunity to charter a barge in Holland. You can therefore create your own customized itinerary with your friends and family members.  Rather than following a  itinerary you choose what areas to visit and how long you wish to stay.  This option allows you to  offer your companions their choice of biking and sightseeing. When you dream of your European bike and barge vacation, look no farther than 4Winds Specialty Tours. To book your bike and barge vacation call Nancy at 509-588-7583 or email 4winds@travelleaders247.com and request a reservation form. Additional Arrangements All of our tours are land/barge only. Airline arrangements, additional hotel reservations, as well as train tickets and car rental can be added to your itinerary through our partner, Travel Leaders . .article-container .row .container role: main //#main-wrapper FOOTER · © 2016 4Winds Specialty Tours · .row-fluid .container .colophon //#tc-page-wrapper 