Self Catering Holiday Cottages with Pool near Sarlat, Dordogne, France InstanceBeginEditable name="banner" ‹ › InstanceEndEditable ≡ Home Self Catering Cottages About Our Holiday Cottages Tilleul Cottage Chene Vert Cottage Eucalyptus Cottage Magnolia Cottage Orchard View Cottage Byre Studio Stable Studio The Dordogne Prices & Availability Book Now Latest News Reviews Contact InstanceBeginEditable name="text" Self Catering Holiday Cottages in the Dordogne Le Jardin des Amis offers character holiday accommodation in the heart of the Dordogne in South West France, in an area known as the Perigord Noir, close to Les Eyzies and Sarlat. Each of our self catering gites has its own individual terrace area and all of our properties have access to our large swimming pool, pool side bar and barbecue facilities . In the Heart of the Perigord Noir Our holiday gites are ideally situated between the Dordogne and Vezere rivers and just a short walk (less than 500 metres) from the centre of the  pretty, medieval village of Meyrals. Here you'll find a boulangerie, boucherie, post office, restaurant/bar, a brocante, several galleries/ateliers and a small weekly, summer market. See our contact page for exact location. Holidays for Everyone We have a total of seven self catering holiday properties on site, all of different sizes, with individual character and features. Our largest gite will comfortably sleep 8-9 people whilst our smallest are ideal for two. For those on touring holidays, be it by car, motorbike, bicycle or walking, and for couples/friends looking for a short break our studios (minimum stay 2 nights) are perfect! We have a barn where bikes can be stored securely overnight and  for those who need to keep in touch with home or work, free WIFI is provided in all accommodation. Accessible Holidays We really do want our holiday cottages to offer something for everyone which is why, during the renovations,  Magnolia Gite was adapted for those with reduced mobility. There are no steps to negotiate and entrances and shower are wide enough to comfortably accommodate a wheelchair . We are happy to discuss your particular requirements to ensure suitability. Pets can Holiday too If you would like to bring your dog to share your holiday we are usually happy to help. We can accommodate a dog in most of our cottages and advise on procedures to follow regarding 'pet passports': please let us know when booking that you would like to bring a dog. Winter Lets and Short Stays Some of our holiday cottages are suitable for year round rental, having wood burners, central heating and satelite TV. If you are looking for a low season break or a longer winter let please get in touch with us. We can sometimes accommodate those who'd like to rent a cottage for less than a week - please email us. Great For Groups We have seven self catering properties at Le Jardin des Amis and we can accommodate up to 28 people. If you are a club or an association or you are a group of friends or family wishing to holiday together our holiday accommodation may be just what you're looking for. Please contact us to discuss. Getting Married in France This region is one of the most popular wedding destinations in France. If you are getting married in one of the many nearby chateaux and you're looking for accommodation that can cope with all your friends and family do get in touch - we can accommodate up to 28 people through our seven properties, making us an ideal choice for wedding guests. InstanceEndEditable Home Self Catering Holiday Cottages The Dordogne Prices & Availability Book Now Latest News Contact Conditions Jon and Sue Long Self Catering Holiday Cottages Le Jardin des Amis, 24220 Meyrals, Dordogne 0033(0)553 59 34 72 jannette@saparole.com www.5dordognecottages.com ©2014 Le Jardin des Amis 