Livingston, Montana Dude Ranch - 63 Ranch Contact Us! Search for: Phone: 888-395-5151 Home The Ranch x About Maps & Directions Photo Gallery History Employment FAQs Our Blog Rates x Policies Reservations Lodging Dining Activities x Ranch Activities Horseback Riding Area Attractions Menu slide-last2 slide-cabins slide-horses slide-families slide-neverforget top-experience We welcome you to 63 Ranch, a Livingston, Montana dude ranch. The 63 Ranch history dates from 1863 (hence the name), and in 1982 it was the first dude ranch in Montana declared a National Historic Site. Our Livingston, Montana dude ranch sits at 5600 feet altitude below Elephant Head Mountain, 50 miles north of Yellowstone National Park, 12 miles outside of Livingston. Making its home in some of the prettiest country in the west, the Ranch adjoins the two-million acre Gallatin National Forest, straddles Mission Creek Canyon, meets the craggy peaks of the Absaroka Mountains and the rolling across grassy hills, rimrock ridges and sagebrush benches above the Yellowstone River. The backdrop is breathtaking. Our family has owned and operated this Livingston, Montana Dude ranch since 1929, and look forward to sharing the ranch with you and your family. We welcome guests young and old, adventurous and relaxed, there’s something for everyone. Guest enjoy private cabins, home-cooked hardy meals, fishing, volleyball, horseshoes, billiards, square dancing, cards, games, swimming in the swimming hole, and of course exploring the countryside on horseback or helping wrangle cattle. Nearby, guests can enjoy the historic towns of Livingston, Virginia City and Nevada City. Rafting trips, Lewis & Clark Caverns, Custer Battlefield, and the spectacular Beartooth highway are also within easy reach. At the 63 Ranch it’s never a question of “what to do?”, it’s “is there enough time to do it all?” Our guests return again and again to add to their adventures at our Livingston, Montana dude ranch. We look forward to welcoming you to 63 Ranch, too. /sidebar Howdy Partner! Mosey on up for the latest news, specials and events from our blog, click for details: Debbie Dunnings Dude Ranch Roundup: This summer we had the opportunity to ho America’s Horse: A Step Back With all of its history, vis The Ride of a Lifetime: American Eagle Latitudes November / Dec SIXTY THREE RANCH P.O. Box 979 Livingston, Montana 59047 Jeff Cahill, Outfitter License Number: 17977 Phone: 888-395-5151 Email: vacations@63ranch.com { CONTACT US! } Sign Up For Our Newsletter Back to top ↑ | <a href="/privacy-policy/">Privacy Policy</a> | Sitemap Log in | Website by InsideOut Solutions » 