6 Star Management | Lake of the Ozarks Condo Rental | Home6 Star Management Home Vacation Condo Rentals Calendar Management Services Donna’s Corner Things to do at the Lake Facebook Search for: Home Vacation Rentals Calendar Management Services Donna’s Corner Things to do at the Lake #branding Home .entry-header START REVOLUTION SLIDER 4.6.0 fullwidth mode SLIDE MAIN IMAGE LAYERS LAYER NR. 1 The Towers SLIDE MAIN IMAGE LAYERS LAYER NR. 1 Parkview Bay SLIDE MAIN IMAGE LAYERS LAYER NR. 1 Land's End SLIDE MAIN IMAGE LAYERS LAYER NR. 1 Loch Haven LAYER NR. 2 Park Place SLIDE MAIN IMAGE LAYERS LAYER NR. 1 Compass Point END REVOLUTION SLIDER 573-286-0887 [email protected] Lake of the Ozarks Condo Rentals 24 hour booking! Email for instant booking   6 Star Management provides Lake of the Ozarks vacation  condo Rentals and sales. We offer Lake of the Ozark rentals at Parkview Bay, The Towers, Loch Haven, Bristol Bay, and Land’s End condos in Osage Beach. Are you looking for a reasonable way to stay at the lake but don’t want to rent an entire condo or house? All of our Condos are privately owned and provide many extras. Our number one objective is to make your stay with us convenient and hassle free.  We have been in business and locally managed since 1999, and offer a history of highly satisfied guests. Our properties and services will exceed your expectations. Our Lake Ozark condos are located close to many vacation activities at the Lake of the Ozarks, such as boating ,  golfing ,   outlet mall ,  activities at the lake and  dining . Missouri vacation rentals in the Lake of the Ozarks with 6 Star Management are a fun and easy way to spend time with your family close to all the vacation activities! ***** NEW to the 2019 Rental Program Beautiful Luxury Condo’s: ***** 1108 and 2105 Towers and 645 Parkview Bay 96-4B Bristol Bay, 4 Season’s Village/Horseshoe Bend Area With a history of highly satisfied guests, we have the properties and service to exceed your expectations! Visa , Mastercard or Discover!   Parkview Bay Condominiums and The Towers are located in the heart of Osage Beach Missouri in Sportsman’s Cove at the one mile marker of the Grand Glaize Arm at the Lake of the Ozarks. The Grand Glaize arm of the lake is at the 19mm of the main channel. Address is 4800 Eagleview Drive, Osage Beach, MO 65065. Lands End condominiums are located on the 18 mm of the main channel for a tremendous view. It is the most centralized location at the Ozarks. Both locations are within a mile of the Osage Beach Factory Outlet Mall which features over 110 name brand shops and restaurants. Loch Haven is located at the 35 mile marker on the lake and is close to Pier 31 and Larry’s on the Lake. The complex has a lakefront pool and elevators in the building. Parkview Bay Condominiums and The Towers are located in the cove which is also home to the largest state park in Missouri. The view is spectacular all year with no unsightly buildings to obscure your view. Lands end offers an outstanding huge view of the main channel. Renting a condo at the Lake of the Ozarks in Osage Beach is very easy when you contact 6 Star Management. We now accept Visa, Mastercard, and Discover! Or call Donna 24 hours a day to book, Parkview Bay condos offer three outdoor lakefront swimming pools and a swim platform along with a lakefront sidewalk that is great for a stroll! Our cove is gentle and great for a swim or float in the water right in front of the condos! Boat slip rentals available The Towers offers an indoor heated pool, hot tub, sauna and work out room. And a 3000 sq. ft. outdoor heated pool that is lake front! These amenities are only for renters/owners staying in the Towers. The Towers condos provide two elevators and all screened decks that face the lake for an awesome view all year long. Boat slip rentals available. Lands end offers a lake front pool, play ground, kiddie pool and lazy river. Lands End provides a huge fitness center, game room and pool table social area. The view of the main channel is magnificent! Vacation condo rental in Osage Beach virtual Tour of one of our three bedroom condos: see this virtual tour for Towers condo 4100 that is professionally decorated. This Lake Ozark Towers end unit location provides an ideal wrap around view! We offer boat slip rental for our guests that bring their own boat. Both 30 x 10 and 40 x 14 are available at $25/night. Contact us at 6 Star to reserve a slip with your stay.  We have been in business since 1999 We require a four night minimum from June 15 to August 15. Holidays are a four night minimum.We may be able to schedule less nights depending on scheduled bookings. Cleaning fee and taxes are additional. .entry-content #post-72 #content #primary #primary-wrap NEW to Vacation Program – Beautiful 5 Bedroom 3 1/2 bath house with private dock/boat slip, 2 jet ski lifts. Prime location!! Located at the 18 mile marker and 1 1/2 miles from Outlet Mall. Call Donna for more info on booking it! Welcome to 6 Star Management: BEAUTIFUL LAKE FRONT CONDO'S FOR YOUR VACATION ACCOMMODATIONS We strive to be your #1 source for vacation condo rentals in the Lake of the Ozarks, Missouri! NEW LAKE FRONT CONDO'S ADDED TO OUR 2019 VACATION RENTAL PROGRAM Check out these 3 completely renovated BEAUTIFUL LUXURY condo's: 2105 Towers, 1108 Towers, and 645 Parkview Bay. CALL NOW TO BOOK Condo 96-4B Bristol Bay, Village of 4 Seasons/Horseshoe Bend area. New to the vacation rental program in 2018. BEAUTIFUL LUXURY condo, completely updated!! CALL NOW TO BOOK Contact Us Your Name (required) Your Email (required) Phone: Condo # Additional Info: Donna & Jeff Search Search for: #secondary .widget-area #main Proudly powered by WordPress . Theme: Instamate by Graph Paper Press . end #colophon end #page 