Frio River Cabins - Seven Bluff Cabins and RV in Concan, Texas Google Tag Manager (noscript) End Google Tag Manager (noscript) To provide you with the best experience, Seven Bluff Cabins uses its own and third-party cookies on its website for technical, analytical and marketing purposes. By continuing to browse our site, you're agreeing to our use of cookies. Please consult our Cookie Notice for more information. Menu Book now +1 830-232-5260 Menu +1 830-232-5260 Book now Cabins RV Sites About Us/Location Store Activities & Events Policies River Info Winter Guests Weddings Specials Photos Dining Reservations Book now Modern Cabins and RV Park located on the beautiful Frio River Seven Bluff Cabins is situated on 50 acres of pecan, cypress, and juniper trees on the Frio River in Concan, TX. Towering over the property is Seven Bluff itself, a sheer limestone cliff named after the “7” emblazoned on its face. Since 1988 our family has operated the property and cabins with one goal in mind: to make sure our guests have a relaxing vacation that allows them to enjoy the best the Frio River has to offer. Enjoy the following amenities on the property: - Spacious River Front Cabins with modern amenities - RV Park with 50/30/20 amp service, water, sewer, wi-fi and Direct TV - Swimming pool - Direct TV and wi-fi in every cabin - Bathhouse and Laundry Facilities - Off season weekly and monthly rates - Family Reunions - Weddings - Private Frio River frontage including deep swimming holes & gentle sections perfect for children - Horseshoe and Washers pits, swing set, basketball, & volleyball along the Frio River - Open country setting with our pecan orchard with over 355 mature trees - View wildlife from our viewing area or from the comfort of your front porch - On-site store with tube rentals and river supplies that you can charge to your room. Tubes are $8 a day for guests, and $10 for walk-ins, plus tax, this is a 24 hour rental. Our property includes private river frontage shaded by massive cypress trees and live oaks. Our on-site store offers basic supplies, tube rentals, and apparel for the river lifestyle. Our location on the third river crossing is a perfect place to embark on a tubing, fishing, or kayaking trip. If you are feeling less ambitious, it is a great location to set up a chair and let the Frio River cool your feet. If you feel like stepping out, our staff is always happy to assist you in planning your adventure. Seven Bluff Cabins on the Frio start number replacer end ad widget Reservations Book now Seven Bluff Cabins +1 830-232-5260 4251 County Road 348 Concan 78838 United States of America info@7bluffcabins.com Tripadvisor Facebook Sitemap Privacy Policy Cookie Notice clearfix end © 2019 Digital marketing by BookingSuite . BookingSuite is a brand of Booking.com . Have confidence in the world-class customer support that comes along with Booking.com footer-inner end footer end Facebook Pixel Code DO NOT MODIFY End Facebook Pixel Code 