Welcome to 83 by the Sea Lower Hutt Motel Accommodation NZ < > Quality Motel Accomodation in Petone Wellington 83 The Esplanade, Petone, Lower Hutt, Wellington Phone 0800 500 757 / (+64) 4 569 8121 Check Availability / Book Online Menu Menu Home Accommodation Book Online Facilities Conferences Reviews Location ASURE Contact Welcome to 83 by the Sea Lower Hutt Motel Accommodation NZ Quality motel accommodation in the heart of Petone, Lower Hutt, Wellington NZ. Heather and Gary welcome you to 83 By the Sea Motor Lodge. Located on The Esplanade adjacent to Petone Beach, just a short walk to Jackson St Petone. Looking for family motels, or corporate accommodation in Lower Hutt? Choose 83 By the Sea Motor Lodge for your accommodation when visiting Petone, Lower Hutt or Wellington.  Studio Sleeps up to 3 Studio QueenStudio Floor Plan Twin Share Studio Floor Plan Cosy business studio either ground floor or upstairs Luxury Queen bed or Twin Share with Queen and single beds Sky TV Tea/coffee making, toaster and microwave Ensuite, shower Check more availability, rates and book online Standard Studio Sleeps up to 3 Standard Studio QueenStudio Floor Plan Twin Share Studio Floor Plan Cosy business studio either ground floor or upstairs Luxury Queen bed or Twin Share with Queen and single beds Sky TV Tea/coffee making, toaster and microwave Ensuite, shower Check more availability, rates and book online Harbour view studio Sleeps up to 3 Harbour View Studio Harbour View Studio Floor Plan Executive quality with views of Wellington Harbour Luxury Queen size beds and LCD TV’s Tea/coffee making, toaster and microwave Ensuite, shower Upstairs room Check more availability, rates and book online Family Room Sleeps up to 6 Check more availability, rates and book online One Bedroom Sleeps up to 3 One Bedroom Test123 Luxury Queen bed in Bedroom, and couch in lounge Optional extra single bed in lounge for 3 guests 32” LCD T.V with Sky Channels Tea/coffee making, toaster and microwave Ensuite, shower Ground floor unit Check more availability, rates and book online Two Bedroom Sleeps up to 5 Two Bedroom Two Bedroom Luxury Queen bed in Main Bedroom 2 single beds in 2nd Bedroom Lounge with 32” LCD TV with Sky Channels Kitchenette with hotplate Tea and Coffee making facilities, toaster and microwave Ensuite, shower Ground floor unit Check more availability, rates and book online Accommodation Petone Lower Hutt New Zealand We provide a friendly service offering modern, comfortable accommodation in a quiet location only a short distance from surrounding areas; Lower Hutt City, Wellington City, and other nearby Lower Hutt suburbs. Our accommodation ranges from Studios, to One bedroom and Two bedroom units, ideal for family, corporate or other travellers wanting to discover the great Wellington area. Accommodation Options Westpac Stadium 10min drive from 83 by the Sea Westpac Stadium Jackson Street Petone 10min walk from 83 by the Sea Jackson Street Petone Petone Foreshore 2min walk from 83 by the Sea Petone Foreshore Wellington Cook Strait Ferry 10-15min drive from 83 by the Sea-15 Wellington Cook Strait Ferry Wellington Airport 25min drive from 83 by the Sea Wellington Airport Petone Lower Hutt Location NZ Located on The Esplanade, Petone Foreshore, 300m from the Hutt Motorway in Lower Hutt, Wellington, New Zealand. Easy driving distance to beaches, Lower Hutt town centre, Wellington CBD, Wellington Ferry terminal, Gracefield, Seaview, and Eastbourne in Lower Hutt. Enjoy Wellington sunset harbour views from our executive quality studio accommodation. Choose 83 By the Sea, book online. Check Out What’s On WiFi Internet WiFi Internet Sky TV Sky TV Breakfast Available Breakfast Available Parking Parking Harbour Views Harbour Views Conference Facilities Conference venue and guest lounge meeting room available. Conference Facilities Motel Accommodation Facilities Our clean and modern, fully appointed rooms offer everything you need to make your stay comfortable. Wireless broadband internet and Sky TV available in all rooms. Good off street parking suitable for cars, trucks, vans, boats and trailers. BBQ garden area. Quality Cooked and Continental Breakfasts delivered to your room. Conference facilities. Upstairs lounge area with fabulous Harbour views. Our Motel Facilities “Good location, food and shops close by” Reviewed 13 January 2016 (Kiwitraveling, Phuket) 2016/01/13 I have stayed here 3 times now while travelling in and out of Wellington, I find it more enjoyable staying in Petone and getting up early to get to the airport for a flight than staying by the airport. On this occasion I had been travelling for 48 hours and arrived early with no booking. They happily gave us a room and let us sleep. The beach and wharf are over the road with views of Wellington and Petone's main street with plenty of cafes, clothes and second hand shops less than 10 minutes walk away. There are other motels in Petone but this would be the closest to the café region and supermarket. Rooms are clean, tidy and quiet. Plenty of off street parking. “Very nice” Reviewed 3 November 2015 (CountrySherry, Melbourne) 2015/11/03 Very nice accommodation. We stayed in the two bedroom suite, very spacious and clean. The people that run the property are very nice and helpful. The breakfast was really yum too! I found the accommodation to be very quiet as well. It's also a short walk to Jackson street. “A Great Experience From Beginning To End” Reviewed 14 June 2015 (Jimmy_Two_Socks, Parksville BC) 2015/06/14 We booked early and were not able to get a 2-bedroom unit for our entire stay, as it was the rugby "Sevens" weekend, so we booked two single bedroom units for part of the stay. Heather promised to keep us in mind if they had cancellations, and on our arrival we were pleasantly surprised to find that there was a cancellation and we had the 2-bedroom unit for our entire stay. Our room was behind the main building, and despite being on a busy road, we found the room quieter than we had anticipated. The motel is very centrally located, within walking distance of grocery stores, cafes, Jackson Street shops and the Petone railway station (for travel into Wellington). The room was very clean, serviced daily and met all our expectations. I would certainly recommend 83 By The Sea for great stay in Petone. “Another great stay!!!” Reviewed 24 May 2015 (MBrownie23, Tauranga) 2015/05/24 Many thanks to the team @ 83 by the sea for another great stay! Nice to be recognized as a returning customer.We loved the new decor, best beds we have slept in. Nice to get a fine Welly weekend , walks along the beach and wharf. Tried La Bella Italian restaurant just around the corner- recommended by Garry and Heather .Very nice as was the Butcher and Brewer pub on Jackson Street. Looking forward to our next years trip to Petone. Thanks for the loyalty card for other ASURE Motels. “Very comfortable, reasonably priced motel in Wellington.” Reviewed 8 February 2015 (Lee T, Sydney) 2015/02/08 On a weekend of public holidays and Rugby Seven Cup games, this was the closest accomodation to the CBD that suited our needs, and I was booking months in advance. Our triple room is well equipped and very comfortable, and of course parking and a laundry. Nearby is Jackson Street with lots of cafes and restaurants, and a very good fish shop only a few steps away on the Esplanade. The staff are very pleasant and helpful. Read Reviews Back To Top ASURE 83 by the Sea Motor Lodge Petone 83 The Esplanade, Petone, Lower Hutt, Wellington (map) Your Hosts Alvin & Selena NZ Freephone 0800 500 757 International (+64) 4 569 8121 Email: info@83bythesea.co.nz ASURE Nationwide Loyalty Programme Stay at three or more ASURE Accommodation Group properties and receive $100 credit off your 10th stay! Check Availability/Book Online ASURE Accommodation Group Accepts All Major Credit Cards and: Farmlands, Q Card, RuralCo, Fonterra Farm Source, Farmers Card, Super Gold, and China Union Pay Cards. © 2019 ASURE 83 by the Sea - Sitemap - Admin Login - Website by GuestTraction 