Aana Resort & Spa - Ko Chang - Thailand Google Tag Manager (noscript) End Google Tag Manager (noscript) To provide you with the best experience, Aana Resort & Spa uses its own and third-party cookies on its website for technical, analytical and marketing purposes. By continuing to browse our site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies. Please consult our Cookie Notice for more information. Menu Check availability +66 2 951 4724 Menu +66 2 951 4724 en Български čeština dansk Deutsch Ελληνικά English American English Español en Argentina Español Suomi français Italiano 日本語 한국어 Nederlands Norsk polski Português do Brasil Português română Русский Slovenčina slovenščina Svenska ไทย Türkçe Tiếng Việt 中文 繁體中文 Check availability Rooms Gallery Dining Attractions Amenities Weddings Activities How To Get There Reviews Contact Reservations Check availability AANA RESORT & SPA (LINE ID: @AANARESORT) AANA espouses a philosophy of providing modern luxury living in complete harmony with the environment. AANA aims to nurture what nature has in its offering by being exceptionally responsible to universal ecology. Since inception exceptional care was taken and innumerous adjustments to the design of the resort was made to ensure that no trees were cut and that the resort was built around the natural vegetation including the locally popular Fard trees. Fard trees are hardwood trees that grow extremely slowly and are found only in Trat Province. The province actually derives its name from this tree. AANA’s elegantly designed accommodations and facilities are made using replenishable natural resources. Recycled train-track wood and wooden logs from pepper tree have been used extensively in the resort. AANA has also implemented eco-friendly policies such as discouraging the use of chemicals, focusing on the use of natural products and materials, organic and locally grown vegetables, waste food recycling and the usage on non-toxic non-disposable dishes. AANA has a strict recycling policy with all waste recycled as plant manure. In conjunction with this the team at AANA endeavors to deliver a level of personal service often promised by other resorts, but rarely experienced. Exceptional service that anticipates client needs with service delivered by staff that genuinely cares for your well being. CONTACT INFO EMAIL: rsvn@aanaresort.com, reservation@aanaresort.com LINE ID: @aanaresort TELEPHONE: +66 2 951 4722-4, +66 81 702 2455 (SALES OFFICE) TELEPHONE: +66 82 7160302 (RECEPTION) Attractions View attractions Aana Resort & Spa View attractions Reservations Check availability Aana Resort & Spa +66 2 951 4724 19/2 Klong Praow Beach, Koh Chang, Trat Klong Prao Beach 23170 Ko Chang Thailand rsvn@aanaresort.com Facebook Youtube Tripadvisor Google Plus instagram Sitemap Privacy policy Cookie notice clearfix end © 2019 Digital marketing by BookingSuite . BookingSuite is a brand of Booking.com . Have confidence in the world-class customer support that comes along with Booking.com footer-inner end footer end 