Travel Agents Halifax, Nova Scotia | Absolute Travel Specialists - Absolute Travel Specialists Body Navigation Main Specials Hard Rock Riviera Maya Vallarta Punta Cana Cancun Colin Cowie River Cruises Spiritual Tours Concert Events Bucket List Hot Deals Ocean Cruises Vacations in the Sun Sporting Events European Vacations AM Resorts Zoetry Wellness & Spa Resorts Secrets Resorts & Spas Breathless Resorts & Spas Dreams Resorts & Spas Now Resorts & Spas Sunscape Resorts & Spas Weddings Corporate Gallery About Us Testimonials Contacts Educational Top Header Logo Showcase Search ... Search Feature "Our mission is to set a higher standard of personalized service within the travel industry" Best Travel Agency AND What We Specialize In Intro Image Hot Deals Special Offers   Read More link Intro Image River Cruises River Cruises Read More link Intro Image Destination Weddings Destination Wedding and Honeymoon Planning Read More link Intro Image Spiritual Tours Our comprehensive Spiritual tours cover all Holy sites. Read More link Intro Image Bucket Lists Bucket list examples for those who want to see the world's best. Read More link Intro Image Educational Tours Planning a school trip this year? If so, let us help. Read More link Intro Image Concert Events Packages to your Favorite Artist Read More link Intro Image Ocean Cruises   Cruise the Oceans of the World Read More link Intro Image Sporting Events Packages for the Best Events Read More link Intro Image Vacation the World Experience the World's Treasures Read More link Intro Image Vacations in the Sun  Sun, Sand and Surf   Read More link Intro Image AM Resorts  Masters of Vacation Innovation   Read More link Intro Image Atlantic Tours  Custom Atlantic Canada Tours Read More link < > Maintop Main Content row Left sidebar Breadcrumbs Content-top Welcome to our agency! Icons Intro image title/author Absolute Travel Specialists info TOP Introtext Click on above image to see our video Absolute Travel, is an independently owned and operated travel agency with their office located at 3200 Kempt Road in Halifax. Elayne Pink and Fred Mack, merged their over 30 years of travel related experience in September of 2001, to recreate the personal service travel agency of the past. To compliment the agency, in August of 2009 Absolute Travel merged with Concord Travel, a 25-year local independent agency and welcomed Shelley Campbell, a 15 year veteran agent to our staff. At Absolute Travel, we pride ourselves on our attention to providing above average customer service. And has been voted as the Best Travel Agency in Halifax by the Metro News Community Choice Awards for 2017-2018. Though you may be able to find less expensive vacations online, at Absolute Travel you will not be alone after you book. Through developing a strong working relationship with our clients, coupled with our experience and knowledge of various destinations throughout the world, we ensure that we will book the best trip for you specifically. Our specialty is custom tailoring trips to meet the wants and needs of individual travelers. Then we continue to provide our clients personal service until they arrive home. Mission Statement Our mission is to set a higher standard of personalized service within the travel industry" info BOTTOM More end item end spann end row Content-bottom Right sidebar Proud Member of:        Mainbottom Bottom Footer Copyright Logo Absolute Travel Specialists 2019 © Privacy Policy Powered by Rodew PWebBox PWebBox Facebook Likebox plugin PWebBox Facebook Likebox plugin end PWebBox end 