Americas Best Value Inn Rockdale Texas TX Hotels Motels Accommodations in Rockdale HOME ROOMS & AMENITIES Rooms Amenities Pet Friendly Hotel RESERVATIONS Online Reservations Specials Packages Group Reservations Cancellations DIRECTIONS PHOTO GALLERY ROCKDALE Activities Airport Attractions Dining Golf Government Hospitals Shopping CONTACT Welcome to Americas Best Value Inn Rockdale Free WiFi, 24 Hour Desk, Business Center, Laundry, Truck Parking, & Pet Friendly Start your day off with our Complimentary Full Hot Breakfast Take a dip in our Seasonal Outdoor Pool CableTV, Air Conditioning, Fridge, Microwave, Desk, Hair Dryer, Coffee Maker /slider-wrapper /nivo-wrapper Americas Best Value Inn 381 North U.S. Hwy 77 , Rockdale , TX 76567 Tel. (512) 446-6163 Welcome to Americas Best Value Inn Rockdale The Americas Best Value Inn Rockdale is one mile from Hale Park and downtown Rockdale. This hotel serves up a daily continental breakfast and features an outdoor pool on site. ( Changing soon to an Americas Best Value Inn) Free Wi-Fi and cable TV are featured in each standard room of this Rockdale hotel. A small refrigerator is also provided in each room along with tea/coffee-making facilities. A laundromat is available at the Rockdale Inn as well as a dry cleaning service. Guests can refuel with a drink or a snack from the on-site vending machines. This hotel is 1.5 miles from Tiger Stadium and Rockdale Fair Park . Taylor city center and Taylor Municipal Airport are a 30 minute drive away.   Hotel Features Free WiFi Free Full Hot Breakfast Free Parking TRUCK Parking Available 24 Hour Desk Seasonal Outdoor Pool Laundry Business Center Cable TV Air Conditioning Desk Fridge Microwave Hair Dryer Pets Allowed (Only Hotel in Rockdale) Activities : Rockdale is a city in Milam County, Texas. It is approximately sixty miles northeast of Austin, Texas. There is plenty to do outside in and around Rockdale, Texas! Rockdale offers a variety of activities for the whole family to enjoy! Attractions : Rockdale, TX is filled with history, visitors will enjoy the many museums in and around Rockdale. Visit the Rockdale I&GN Depot Museum or the Maritime Musuem and find yourself back in time of early exploration and settlement by Spanish and French and their search for oil. Also experience the family friendly attractions, you won't be disappointed! Dining : Hospitality is an art form in itself, one that requires experience, attention, discretion, thoughtfulness and means. At the restaurants in Rockdale the staff utilizes each of these elements as they make every occasion special! Golf: Playing golf in the fun city of Rockdale, TX can be rewarding. Rockdale has 1 course to choose from and two others that are close by for your golfing pleasure. Government : City of Rockdale, Texas 505 W Cameron Ave Rockdale, TX (512) 446-2511 Hospitals : Richards Memorial Hospital 1700 Brazos Ave Rockdale, TX 76567 (512) 446-2513 Shopping : Sure, you can find souvenirs in any airport, but for a true unapologetic shopping experience, Texas provides retail nirvana. Americas Best Value Inn Rockdale Texas TX Hotels Lodging Accommodations Budget Affordable Motels Cheap Vacation Packages Specials Pet Friendly Weddings Business Travelers Business Meetings Extended Stay     start left Book Online Specials begin column loop Stay 4 get 12% Stay 4 nights or more and get a discount Reserve 3 Night 8% Off Stay 3 nights and get a discount. 3 night minimum stay. Reserve end column loop end left Designed by Myeres.com | Travel Directory | Home | Rooms | Amenities | Pet Friendly Hotel Dogs Allowed Brand Rockdale Texas TX | Reservations Online s | Specials | Packages | Group Reservations | Cancellations | Directions Americas Best Value Inn Rockdale Texas | Photo Gallery | Activities | Airport | Attractions | Dining | Golf | Government | Hospitals | Shopping | Contact Americas Best Value Inn Rockdale Texas TX | Privacy Policy | Rockdale Texas Sites: Rockdale Texas City Government | Rockdale Chamber of Commerce | Alcoa Rockdale TX | Rockdale Reporter | Milam County | RealEstate Rockdale Texas Hotels Designed and Powered by Myeres.com - Hotel Websites and Online Reservations /footerinner /footerwrapper 