Luxury Hotel Suites in Afitos, Halkidiki | Achtis Hotel BOOK NOW THE HOTEL ACCOMMODATION GALLERY CONTACT EL Uniquely styled and luxurius accomodation for your stay BOOK NOW ACHTIS HOTEL In one of the most idyllic destinations of Makedonia, in the picturesque village of Kassandra Afitos , we choose to create a luxury hotel with imagination and good taste. The Achtis Hotel , a luxury family hotel , is only 90 km from Thessaloniki. It is an ideal place for your holidays and it is considered to be an excellent solution for people who seek relaxation, tranquility, a place of high aesthetics, luxury and warm hospitality. Take your time to visit our luxury hotel suites and our family rooms LUXURY SUITES 01 / 03 VIEW SUITE Junior Suite item1 Junior suites are special rooms for guests with special taste. Made of high quality materials and handcrafted furniture with unique design. 02 / 03 VIEW SUITE Superior Suite item2 Uniquely styled and offer luxury accommodation for your stay. Constructed from quality materials for comfort which includes a feature handmade King Size bed. 03 / 03 VIEW SUITE Family Suite item3 Comfortable and spacious, consisting of one bedroom with double bed and living room with open sofa bed that can accommodate another 2 people THANK YOU VIEW ROOM 01 / 03 Double Room The rooms provide satellite TV, telephone, safe box, hairdryer, fridge, kettle and balcony or terrace with view to the pool or the sea. VIEW ROOM 02 / 03 Family Room The ideal and most economy option for families with one or two children. Also represents a great option for couples who want a larger and more comfortable space. VIEW ROOM 03 / 03 Triple Room The rooms provide satellite TV, telephone, safebox, hairdryer, fridge, kettle, balcony or terrace with view to the pool or the sea. Third bed it’s a sofa bed. OASIS GARDEN The exotic sensation created in the visitor is unique. Wandering around the lush gardens and ponds with the fishes and turtles supplemented by the idyllic view of the village and the Gulf of Toroneo. aaa aaa aaa MASSAGE “Release Your Senses” Give yourself the opportunity to experience unique relaxing moments in “Achtis” world. Choose the ideal massage and treatment for you and let our professional therapist make your wish come true. FOR NEWS & PROMOS I AGREE WITH TERMS OF USE AND PRIVACY POLICY FOR RESERVATIONS +30 23740 21030 +30 23740 21034 +30 6973245938 info@achtishotel.com Afitos, Kassandra, 63077 Chalkidiki, Greece FOLLOW US Unsubscribe Privacy Policy Created by  