Adventure Tours & Vacations | Active Adventures Menu Home Destinations Destinations New Zealand New Zealand North Island South Island South America South America Ecuador and the Galapagos Islands Peru Patagonia Bolivia Himalayas Himalayas Everest Annapurna Kathmandu Valley Mustang Bhutan Europe Europe Mont Blanc Italian Lakes Dolomites Iceland Trips Trips New Zealand New Zealand Ultimate South Island Adventure - Rimu South Island Explorer - Kiwi Essence of the South Island - Tui Ultimate North Island Adventure - Kauri Milford Hiking Adventure - Manuka New Zealand Winter Adventure - Winter Rimu New Zealand Biking Adventure - Weka New Zealand Family Adventure - Kea Great Walks Discovery - Takahe Adventure in Paradise - Koru Pristine New Zealand - Kotuku Elegant South - Kakapo Beautiful South - Matai Timeless North - Nikau South America South America Galapagos Land and Sea Adventure - Tortuga Ecuador Volcano and Jungle Adventure - Tapir Ultimate Peru Adventure - Jaguar Ausangate Lodge to Lodge Trek - Alpaca Titicaca and Bolivia Adventure - Chinchilla Peru Family Adventure - Capybara Peru and Galapagos Explorer - Iguana Patagonia Hiking Adventure - Condor Northern Patagonia Explorer - Puma Himalayas Himalayas Annapurna Sanctuary Trek - AST Everest Base Camp Trek - EBC Everest Lodge to Lodge Trek - Khumbu Forbidden Kingdom of Lo Trek - Mustang Nepal and Bhutan Explorer - Snow Leopard Bhutan Discovery - Thunder Dragon Kingdoms of Kathmandu Valley - Danphe Europe Europe Mont Blanc Circuit - Tour du Mont Blanc Italian Lakes District Adventure - Dolce Vita Ultimate Dolomites Adventure - Dolomiti Essence of Iceland - Lundi Iceland Hiking Adventure - Stelkur Dates About About Meet Our Travel Specialists Meet Our Guides FAQ Why Travel With Us Partner With Us Reviews Reviews Media Reviews Media Media Videos Photos Photos New Zealand Photos South America Photos Himalayas Photos Europe Photos Podcasts Menu Home Destinations New Zealand North Island South Island South America Ecuador and the Galapagos Islands Peru Patagonia Bolivia Himalayas Everest Annapurna Kathmandu Valley Mustang Bhutan Europe Mont Blanc Italian Lakes Dolomites Iceland Trips New Zealand Ultimate South Island Adventure - Rimu South Island Explorer - Kiwi Essence of the South Island - Tui Ultimate North Island Adventure - Kauri Milford Hiking Adventure - Manuka New Zealand Winter Adventure - Winter Rimu New Zealand Biking Adventure - Weka New Zealand Family Adventure - Kea Great Walks Discovery - Takahe Adventure in Paradise - Koru Pristine New Zealand - Kotuku Elegant South - Kakapo Beautiful South - Matai Timeless North - Nikau South America Galapagos Land and Sea Adventure - Tortuga Ecuador Volcano and Jungle Adventure - Tapir Ultimate Peru Adventure - Jaguar Ausangate Lodge to Lodge Trek - Alpaca Titicaca and Bolivia Adventure - Chinchilla Peru Family Adventure - Capybara Peru and Galapagos Explorer - Iguana Patagonia Hiking Adventure - Condor Northern Patagonia Explorer - Puma Himalayas Annapurna Sanctuary Trek - AST Everest Base Camp Trek - EBC Everest Lodge to Lodge Trek - Khumbu Forbidden Kingdom of Lo Trek - Mustang Nepal and Bhutan Explorer - Snow Leopard Bhutan Discovery - Thunder Dragon Kingdoms of Kathmandu Valley - Danphe Europe Mont Blanc Circuit - Tour du Mont Blanc Italian Lakes District Adventure - Dolce Vita Ultimate Dolomites Adventure - Dolomiti Essence of Iceland - Lundi Iceland Hiking Adventure - Stelkur Dates About Meet Our Travel Specialists Meet Our Guides FAQ Why Travel With Us Partner With Us Reviews Media Reviews Media Videos Photos New Zealand Photos South America Photos Himalayas Photos Europe Photos Podcasts Contact Us   +64 3 450 0414 Experience an adventure tour that goes beyond your bucket list. Legendary local guides and WOW moments that will leave you changed, for the better. Discover Your Next Destination Crafting award-winning trips for decades 4.43 out of 5 from 17638 reviews Hidden gems, only the locals know about Every detail covered, to maximise your time Your next destination is closer than you think New Zealand From the rugged snow-capped Southern Alps, to the wild West Coast rainforests, the famous granite peaks of Milford Sound, the tropical beaches of the North and its rich indigenous history, New Zealand has it all. Himalayas Every keen trekker needs to experience the feeling of standing below the jaw-dropping Himalaya mountains. Learn how we do things differently. South America Hike the W-Trek in Patagonia, snorkel with reef sharks in the Galapagos Islands or discover immaculate Inca-maade trails in Peru… Your options are endless. Europe There is no place on earth that manages to combine sophisticated culture with expansive wilderness, quite like our chosen regions in Europe! Travel, just the way you like it Multi-activity We’ve found that over the course of 1 to 2 weeks a little balance in outdoorsy activities can lead to the perfect adventure – call it our secret recipe! On these trips you’ll do plenty of hiking and a sprinkle of kayaking and biking. Hiking Focused For many of us, hiking is the ultimate goal – to be out in the wilderness with no complications, just the simple act of placing one foot in front of the other. Our hiking focused trips truly are bucket-listers. Comfort Focused Take your time, escape and indulge – that sums up our range of walking tours. Less coach time, elegant lodgings and a focus on fine food and wine. This is exploring in luxurious style. Wildlife Of course, nature and wildlife are synonymous – you’ll experience unique wildlife on all our trips. But there are a few special locations around the planet that deserve special mention, where you’ll literally be tripping over all manner of fauna! Signature A perennial favourite. Our signature trips are those that have stood the test of time and embody the classic Active Adventures approach to small group adventure travel. Biking Focused If your preference is to explore the world from the vantage point of your handle bars, you’ve found the right trips. You’ll be fully vehicle supported, and as always, you’ll have two experienced guides. Family These trips are crafted with multi-generational families in mind. You’ll find comfortable lodgings, plenty of outdoor activities and a healthy dose of flexibility. Expedition Reserved for those who want to get off – and stay off – the beaten track. You won’t find luxurious hotels or WiFi on these adventures! Private We're the pros at building your private adventure for your friends, family or special interest group. We can tailor an existing itinerary, or build one from scratch together - just ask! We think you’ll like our adventures Over 17,000 people already agree Every experience crafted just for you But sometimes it’s the experiences that happen outside the plan that make your trip memorable. We’ve got some hidden gems waiting. ```` "This adventure was action packed from the get go. Food was amazing! Hikes, bike, and kayak excursions were beautiful and the people we traveled with were the best. Guides were over the top amazing. They worked their tails off for us." - Heidi Ryan, California | Rimu Trip Apr 2019 Make lifelong friends on the trip of your lifetime It takes experts to perfect the subtle art of small group travel. Our adventures are designed to bond people, creating lasting memories. ```` "Our Active Adventures Himalayas trip was close to indescribable. The mountains, the people, the food - everything about Nepal was beyond what we imagined and the Active Adventures guides and porter team were the icing on the cake, looking after us in every possible way from the moment we arrived to when we departed again 2 weeks later." - Jacob Hogarth, New South Wales | AST Trip May 2019 All inclusive. Apart from the crowds. Stunning lodges, delicous wines, fine food. It’s all waiting for you. Apart from the crowds. We take you into our favourite wilderness areas, and make your coffee just how you like it. ```` "Everything from incredible vistas, interesting guides, delicious and abundant food and interesting tidbits of local lore made this trip one that went beyond my expectations. Hiking through three countries and experiencing varied terrain and activities made this an exceptional adventure." - Dick Wheeler Jr, Massachusetts | Tour du Mont Blanc Trip Oct 2018 This is why we do what we do   4.55 out of 5 (from 1394 reviews) What an incredible experience we had! The trip was perfectly organized, the accommodations great, the food fantastic, especially all the fish we had and then there was Pepo! A truly gifted guide, he had an encyclopedic knowledge of everything Galapagos, was always attentive to the group and had us laughing always. Don’t miss this trip! Nancy Remington – Massachusetts, United States Tortuga, May 2019   4.72 out of 5 (from 315 reviews) When I started planning my New Zealand adventure vacation, more than anything, I wanted to be sure it included the right mix of activity and relaxation. The 'Kiwi' trip was spot on for me! I loved the small group size and the variety of daily adventures that were included. We covered a lot of New Zealand territory but our great guides, Lauren and Kaleb, made our travels truly awesome by keeping us informed, safe, and on-time. They were congenial, knowledgeable, organized and great fun! Gloria Hasel – Pennsylvania, United States Kiwi, May 2019   4.74 out of 5 (from 246 reviews) I had wanted to hike to Everest for 20 years. The trip was an absolute adventure and fulfilled my dream. The guides were awesome and paid such good attention and made sure we were taken care of. Cannot recommend this trip highly enough. Mollie Taggart – Colorado, United States EBC, June 2019 Discover Your Next Destination Follow us on Share Your #ActiveExplorer Moments Travelling with us? Tag us by using #ActiveExplorer @activeadventures . See what other travellers have posted about these destinations and which of our trips could bring you there! Useful Links Active Range Trip Styles Your Club Booking Conditions Privacy Policy Traveller Expectations Travel Insurance Partner With Us Employment Guide Intranet Blog 'Must Dos' in Bhutan! Top 10 Things to Do in Iceland! Total Solar Eclipse 2020: For front row seats, Patagonia! International Women's Day 2019 - Active Style Tiaki Promise - What You Need To Know See more Contact Us Worldwide: +64 3 450 0414 info@activeadventures.com Level 1, 14-16 Church Street Queenstown, New Zealand Newsletter Full Name * Enter name Email * Enter an email By submitting this request, you agree to our Privacy Policy © 2019 Active Adventures Check Availability for the trip First Name * Enter a valid First Name Last Name * Enter a valid Last Name Email * Enter a valid Email Mobile Phone * Enter a valid number Select Date * Select a Trip Date Select a valid date Number of travellers * Select Number 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10+ Select amount of travellers Comments By submitting this request, you agree to our Privacy Policy close Contact Us It's easy to reach us and we'd love to hear from you. Whether you're raring to jump on a plane or just beginning to consider some ideas, then get in touch and we'll help you on your way. Toll Free: From USA & Canada: 1 800 661 9073 From Australia: 1 800 661 907 From UK: 0808 234 7780 From NZ: 0800 234 726 From anywhere else, phone: +64 3 450 0414 (Not toll free but we'll happily call you back) Active hours: Monday to Saturday 7am - 5pm, New Zealand time. Email us:  info@activeadventures.com Our mailing address, using standard post: Active Adventures PO Box 972 Queenstown New Zealand 9348 Our physical address: Level 1, 14-16 Church Street Queenstown New Zealand  Wait! Get a Free Active Adventures Brochure sent to your inbox now! Where would you like to go? Select a destination New Zealand Himalayas South America Europe By submitting this request, you agree to our Privacy Policy Almost there... Phone: Address: -- Please Select Country -- New Zealand Australia Canada United Kingdom United States Bosnia and Herzegowina Brunei Darussalam Cote D'Ivoire Fiji France, Metropolitan Heard and Mcdonald Islands Ireland (Republic of) Kazakhstan Korea, Democratic Peoples Republic [North] Korea, Republic of [South] Lao Peoples Democratic Republic Libya Micronesia Serbia Sri Lanka Svalbard and Jan Mayen Islands Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan Tanzania, United Republic of Timor-Leste Vatican City State (Holy See) Virgin Islands (British) Virgin Islands (U.S.) Wallis and Futuna Islands Zaire Afghanistan Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Cook Islands Costa Rica Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands Faroe Islands Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jordan Kenya Kiribati Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Helena Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands Spain Sudan Suriname Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Tajikistan Thailand Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United States Minor Outlying Islands Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela Vietnam Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe -- Please Select State/Province -- Alabama Alaska Arizona Arkansas California Colorado Connecticut Delaware DC Florida Georgia Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York North Carolina North Dakota Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Pennsylvania Rhode Island South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virginia Washington West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming Alberta British Columbia Manitoba New Brunswick Newfoundland and Labrador Northwest Territories Nova Scotia Nunavut Ontario Prince Edward Island Quebec Saskatchewan Yukon Territories APO/FPO AA APO/FPO AE APO/FPO AP Victoria New South Wales Queensland Australian Capital Territory Northern Territory South Australia Western Australia Tasmania How did you hear about us? -- Please Select -- I've travelled with Active Adventures before Word of mouth (from someone who has been, or is planning on, travelling with us) Magazine advertisment (Outside, National Geographic Traveler etc) Online advertisment (on another website) Google (or another search engine like Yahoo!, Bing etc) Social media (Facebook, Twitter, Google+ etc) Sorry, I don't remember Other Comments: Subscribe to our email newsletter to hear about special offers, news, and extra-ordinary trips. I would like to receive my brochure: Privacy is important to us too. We won't share your details. Cheers! Your brochure will be with you soon, in fact you should see an email in your inbox any minute now! You've embarked on an amazing adventure. We’ll be in touch with you soon to make sure it’s arrived and to check in and see if you need any help with your travel plans. For further inspiration, it's definitely worth watching our videos , or reading our guest reviews ! close Thank You! We'll be in touch soon to confirm you're signed up to receive our newsletter. If you'd also like more frequent updates, come join the conversation by liking our Active Adventures page on Facebook. For further inspiration, it's definitely worth watching our videos , or reading our guest reviews ! 