Albatross Inn Boutique Bed & Breakfast Skip to content Logo Header logo Mobile Left Elements Left Elements Right Elements Mobile Right Elements 0 Cart Sidebar Popup Cart No products in the cart. .header-inner Header divider .header-main Home About us Our Rooms Book Online Contact Us flex-col .flex-row .header-bottom .header-bg-container .section-bg bg-layers Welcome to Albatross Inn  Bed & Breakfast Contact text-box-inner text-box .banner-layers .banner-inner .banner bg-layers Welcome to Albatross Inn  Bed & Breakfast Contact text-box-inner text-box .banner-layers .banner-inner .banner bg-layers Welcome to Albatross Inn  Bed & Breakfast text-box-inner text-box .banner-layers .banner-inner .banner bg-layers Welcome to Albatross Inn  Bed & Breakfast text-box-inner text-box .banner-layers .banner-inner .banner .ux-slider-wrapper .section-content .section-bg box-image Leith $ 120.00 box-text box .col-inner col box-image Burns $ 120.00 box-text box .col-inner col box-image George $ 140.00 box-text box .col-inner col box-image Belgave $ 120.00 box-text box .col-inner col box-image Larnarch $ 160.00 box-text box .col-inner col box-image Cumberland $ 140.00 box-text box .col-inner col box-image Mc Nab $ 120.00 box-text box .col-inner col box-image Hokonui $ 140.00 box-text box .col-inner col .section-content .section-bg bg-layers The Story of Albatross Inn Count on Us Inspired by the surrounding landscape, Albatross Inn Bed & Breakfast was designed to make your visit a unique, comfortable and fun experience. Our rooms are spacious, our fares are competitive and the service is unparalleled.  Our team knows that travelling can be exhausting, and will do their best to make your stay easy and satisfying. Take a look at our site to find out more about our rooms, food and amenities, and get in touch if there’s anything else we can help you with. We look forward to welcoming you soon! text-box-inner text-box .banner-layers .banner-inner .banner bg-layers The Story of Albatross Inn Count on Us Inspired by the surrounding landscape, Albatross Inn Bed & Breakfast was designed to make your visit a unique, comfortable and fun experience. Our rooms are spacious, our fares are competitive and the service is unparalleled.  Our team knows that travelling can be exhausting, and will do their best to make your stay easy and satisfying. Take a look at our site to find out more about our rooms, food and amenities, and get in touch if there’s anything else we can help you with. We look forward to welcoming you soon! text-box-inner text-box .banner-layers .banner-inner .banner .ux-slider-wrapper .section-content .section-bg We’re Here for You What We Offer Home-style Breakfast What describes us! We are proud to provide our customer the best breakfast away from home. Our range includes high quality homemade and branded breads, cereals, fruits, homemade yogurts, fresh honey, various kinds of jams, muffins that are made by our manager, all served with tea, coffee, and fresh juices. Come and enjoy the differences with all senses! More Infomation Late Check-Out What Sets Us Apart Whether your travel plans changed or something else came up, Albatross Inn Timeless provides you with the flexibility you need. Enjoy our Late Check-Out and other amenities when you decide to stay with us. More Infomation Free Wi-Fi For Our Busy Guests With our Free Wi-Fi and other amenities, guests enjoy the highest level of comfort at minimal costs. To learn more about our services and hospitality, keep exploring our site or simply get in touch. More Infomation Room Service A Convenient Option We’re happy to provide our guests with a full range of services to meet their specific needs. That’s why our Room Service, as well as other amenities, are always available. Your happiness is our priority! More Infomation .ux-slider-wrapper .section-content .section-bg   Albatross Inn  Bed & Breakfast Address                        :     770 George street,  Dunedin 901                                                 OTAGO- NEW ZEALAND Manager Number  :     (+64)  022  3800  788 Telephone                   :    (+64)  03  477  2727 Toll Free                       :    0800  441  441 Email                              :     albatross.inn@xtra.co.nz .section-content #main .section-bg Subscribe   .section-content Copyright 2019 © BNTL .left .container .absolute-footer .footer-wrapper #wrapper Mobile Sidebar Home About us Our Rooms Book Online Contact Us inner #mobile-menu Login Username or email address  * Password  * Log in Remember me Lost your password? .login-inner .account-login-container 