Alcalde Hotel & Grill | Downtown Gonzales | Texas Alcalde Hotel & Grill | Downtown Gonzales | Texas Home Rooms & Rates Suites Presidential Suites Single King Suite Double Queen Suite Excutive King Elvis Presley Room Double Queen Bonnie & Clyde Room All Rooms Amenities The Alcalde Grill History Property History Local Area Location/Contact Events Reservations Navigation Menu end #menu end #header end .container end #top Rooms & Rates Welcome to the Alcalde Hotel. We invite you to stop by and take a look around at this beautiful, historic hotel! Make your reservation today and experience historic hospitality! Ask about our extended stay discounts. (rates may vary depending upon dates) ADA Queen Room Rate: $99           235 sq ft  –  Sleeps 2   Single King Room Rate: $99           235 sq ft  –  Sleeps 2   Executive King Room Rate: $99          255 sq ft  –  Sleeps 2  ... end .inner-content end .outer-content Read More end .bottom end .description end .slide Amenities Easy, streamlined check-in and check out: Book your reservation online Receive confirmation email with all necessary information and instructions Arrive and proceed directly to private parking, no need to stop at front desk Your personal lock box at the rear entrance contains your room keys, which also open the back and front doors. Your confirmation email will contain your lock box number and the code. On site and on call staff are still available for... end .inner-content end .outer-content Read More end .bottom end .description end .slide Property History Cities and towns worldwide have their own “grand dame hotel.” You know the Waldorf Astoria, the Palmer House, the Adolphus, the Royal Hawaiian, The Stanley, the Prince of Wales, the Old Faithful, the Monte Leone, the Great Northern, the Placer, the Idanha, the Menger, or the Driskill. For us, the grandest dame hotel in Gonzales is The Alcalde, originally built in 1926. The name “Alcalde” was the title used by the Spanish for the... end .inner-content end .outer-content Read More end .bottom end .description end .slide Local Area www.TourGonzales.com  ... end .inner-content end .outer-content Read More end .bottom end .description end .slide Location/Contact Alcalde Hotel & Grill 614 St Paul St Gonzales, Texas Ph: 1-830-519-4500 Email:... end .inner-content end .outer-content Read More end .bottom end .description end .slide end .slides Previous 1 2 3 4 5 Next end #controllers end #controllers-wrapper end #featured end .flex-container It was a wonderful stay at your hotel! Your warm hospitality made all the difference. The building has beautiful energy. The remodeling shows so much thought and care and the room felt like home. We travel quite often and with all honesty, we can say that this is the best that we have experienced. We wish you great success! - Floyd and Naomi end #tagline end .container end .center-highlight end #intro end #hr-center end #hr Come and take it! Your vacation or business trip that is! Originally established in 1926, the Alcalde Hotel in downtown Gonzales is the region’s premier destination for business and leisure travel. Offering a streamlined and user-friendly guest experience, the Alcalde will make your work or play stay much more rewarding. Private parking, immediate access to your room upon arrival, and no waiting for check-in or check-out. The Alcalde will become your home away from home. Book special events with The Alcalde Grill for private dinners or lunch parties. end .service Historic Hospitality Rest comfortably in the clean, quiet guest rooms. All are equipped with large wall mounted flat panel TVs, refrigerator, plush furnishings, spacious rooms, Keurig coffee makers in all suites, as well as each hallway, and fast internet service. Conduct your business meetings in the conference room or the private dining room. Enjoy music from our local hot spot, or allow us to arrange for a massage at the Spa. We will strive to provide you with “Historic Hospitality”. end .service Book Online Now! end #blog-center end #blog-wrapper end #controllers2 end .service end .container © Copyright 2014 Alcalde Hotel & Grill | Developed by World Web Technologies end .container end #footer-center end #footer-wrapper end #footer end .center-highlight end #content-full 