Alexander's Lodge at Mt. Rainier | Pet friendly hotel at Mount Rainier with best lodging and vacation homes near paradise entrance Alexander's Lodge at Mt. Rainier Pet friendly hotel at Mount Rainier with best lodging and vacation homes near paradise entrance Menu Home Reservations Amenities Spa Weddings Reunions Retreats Specials Vacation Homes Chalet (Sleeps 8) Forest House (Sleeps 10) About Contact Us About Us Policies To Do Easy Hikes Things To Do History Hotel, vacation homes, lodging at Mt. Rainier since 1912. Pet friendly * Close to Mt. Rainier Paradise entrance * Wifi * DirectTV Book or Check Availability Check Availability <span data-mce-type="bookmark" style="display: inline-block; width: 0px; overflow: hidden; line-height: 0;" class="mce_SELRES_start">﻿</span> Things you should know before booking Rooms:  Every room is different. If you are making reservation on online travel agencies (booking.com, Expedia, etc..), please read. Lower priced rooms are usually small. Our most critical reviews come from people who didn’t read the title and description on online travel agencies such as Expedia, Booking.com, Trip Advisor, etc. Pricing : Being a seasonal business, the summer prices are competitive in the area. If you are price sensitive, winter is a better time.  Cross shopping is a good way to realize the value of the price you pay. Building : This hotel is all about unique experience. It is a classic building with individual unique rooms. If you like motel type rooms, this is not the place. Grounds : Unlike other accommodations in the area, we have grounds to stroll, a small trail on the property, a pond to relax by.  The outside of the property adds to the experience as well. Contact Address : 37515 State Route 706 E, Ashford, WA 98304 Phone : (360) 569-2300 Email : info@alexanderslodge.com Things To Do Around Here We compiled a list of things to do and easy hikes that span from 20 minutes to 4 hours. Follow the links below: Things to do around Alexander’s and Mt. Rainier area Easy hikes around Mt. Rainier area under four hours Weather (Units in Fahrenheit) – Full Info Currently Currently Currently Currently Currently Gallery of Grounds and Building Stairs to 3rd floor Corridor on 3rd floor Great room with fireplace Seating by the pond Entrance Tail on the property Gallery of Rooms and Breakfast Each room is unique Breakfast eating area Breakfast for lodge guests Archives August 2015 July 2015 Meta Log in Reviews Yelp Reviews Trip Advisor Reviews Google Maps Contact Information 37515 State Route 706 E, Ashford, WA 98304 (360) 569-2300 info@alexanderslodge.com Open All Year Winter Info Snow chains are required to enter Mount Rainier National Park. Please check Mt. Rainier website for latest updates. Social Media Facebook Copyright © 2019 Alexander's Lodge at Mt. Rainier . Powered by WordPress . Theme: Spacious by ThemeGrill . 