Home 9 Attractive Ground Floor Units FREE PHONE 0800 101931 Home Accommodation Attractions Location Booking Enquiry Links Local Scenes Main Menu Home Accommodation Attractions Location Booking Enquiry Links Home | | Hits: 83408 Welcome to Alpine Motels – Accommodation in Blenheim, Marlborough.   Our 9 attractively refurbished, spacious, ground floor Motel units in Springlands in Blenheim, are comfortable and affordable accommodation and are situated across from the historic and picturesque Springlands Green. We are easy to find and just 5 minutes away from the central Blenheim township.   You will receive friendly and efficient service from your friendly host of the Aline Motel Blenheim, who will be happy to share his knowledge of what Blenheim and the surrounding Marlborough District have to offer. We also have an onsite beauty therapist who is available for therapeutic massages and health spa. CLICK HERE  to see our services We have a variety of motel accommodation to offer you- WIFI is available in all rooms. All of our units offer a full size kitchen – containing stove, hot top, microwave, jug, toaster and refrigerator: 4 Studio units, open plan, 1 Queen bed, separate bathroom. Mini kitchen,tea, toast making facilities, microwave, electric frypan and hot top. Warm , quite and all double glazed, flat screen tv. ( 10 channels ) 2 large open plan studio units, separate bathroom and toilet, 1Queen bed and 1 single, sleeps 3 Full kitchen, including oven. Large, clean comfortable warm units with sofa, double glazed, with flat screen tv (10 channels ) 1 large open plan studio unit, 1 Queen bed and 1 single, separate bathroom. Kitchen has microwave, elements on benchtop and electric frypan.. Large, clean comfortable warm unit with sofa, flat screen tv. ( 10 channels ). 1 one bedroom family unit, with 1 Queen and 1 single in open plan lounge, and 2 singles in adjacent bedroom, sleeps 5 Full kitchen including oven, separate bathroom. Large clean comfortable unit, double glazed, with sofa, flat screen tv, ( 10 channels ) 1 one bedroom family unit, with super King in open plan lounge, and 2 singles in adjacent bedroom, sleeps 4. Full kitchen including oven, separate bathroom. Large clean comfortable unit, double glazed, with sofa, flat screen tv, (10 channels ). All have bathrooms with shower and a separate toilet.   Make the Alpine Motel Blenheim, your choice for your accommodation in Marlborough.   148 Middle Renwick Road, BLENHEIM Phone +64 3 578 1604 | Fax +64 3 577 6367 FREE PHONE 0800 101931 [Reservations] (within New Zealand only) P.O. BOX 5016 Blenheim New Zealand | This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. Copyright Alpine Motel, Blenheim © 2016. All Rights Reserved. Hosting & Design by Online NZ 