The Ambassador - Heritage Hotels in Mumbai, Aurangabad, Chennai BOOK YOUR STAY Close Toggle navigation Our Hotels Ambassador Group The Ambassador Mumbai Ambassador Ajanta, Aurangabad Ambassador Pallava, Chennai About Us Corporate Newsroom Contact Us Blogs Rediscover heritage ambiance with modern facilities at The Ambassador Group Of Hotels Legacy of over 75 years in Hospitality - Iconic The Ambassador, Mumbai Make holidays memorable at Ambassador Ajanta, Aurangabad Home away from home experience at Ambassador Pallava, Chennai The Ambassador Group of Hotels - Perfect choice for holidays & business stay Location Ambassador Group Hotel The Ambassador Mumbai Ambassador Ajanta, Aurangabad Ambassador Pallava, Chennai Hotel The Ambassador Mumbai Ambassador Ajanta, Aurangabad Ambassador Pallava, Chennai Check In Check Out Adults 1 2 3 4 Children 0 1 2 Promo Code More Options THE AMBASSADOR GROUP OF HOTELS 4 Star Hotels in Mumbai, Aurangabad and Chennai +91 22 2204 1131 | Mumbai +91 24 0660 7236 | Aurangabad +91 44 2855 4476 | Chennai Info@ambassadorindia.com A Paradise of Elegance and Comfort The Ambassador Group of Hotels is one of the most prestigious names in the hotel industry. Ambassador strives to maintain its brand by offering the ideal blend of dignified hospitality and impeccable facilities. Established in 1942, our Hotel Group has aged gracefully with time. Our hotels reverberate with the history of the country which is reflected in the design and decor of each of our hotels. Cherishing a long-serving and devoted staff, which works together to welcome and dutifully serve all customers, our brand has carved a niche at the top of the hotel industry in India. Experience style and comfort at its best at the rooms & suites at The Ambassador Group Of Hotels. Crafted to perfection, the rooms exude elegance and are packed with the latest amenities provide utmost comfort to you. Our Hotels The Ambassador Mumbai Established in 1942, The Ambassador Mumbai is a luxury hotel, situated near Marine Drive, overlooking the Queen's Necklace. Ambassador Ajanta, Aurangabad Built with the same passion that led to the creation of Ajanta & Ellora, this hotel is an exemplar of historic modern architecture. Ambassador Pallava, Chennai Offering impeccable services and exquisite comfort, Ambassador Pallava, Chennai, proves to be a tranquil paradise. Ambassador's Reign Over Heritage & Culture Mumbai The capital of Marathas, the city of dreams, the hub of Indian film industry - Mumbai resonates with numerous titles. From a glorious colonial past to the buzzing chic metropolis, the city has aged like wine and so has The Ambassador Mumbai with it. A plethora of appetizing street food, a blend of fascinating cultures, Mumbai has it all. Home to heritage architectures such as the Gateway of India, Elephanta Caves and Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus, the city is a favourite amongst all. Aurangabad Deriving its name from the Mughal emperor, Aurangzeb, the city of Aurangabad in Maharashtra is popular amidst tourists for numerous heritage sites. The most famous being the Ajanta and Ellora Caves which have made it to the list of World Heritage Sites by the UNESCO. Ambassador Ajanta, Aurangabad, strives to uphold the heritage touch of the city in it. Visit this city for an enriching peek into the history of our country. Chennai Chennai is a beloved tourist destination in Tamil Nadu. Explore the varied architectural heritage sites and experience the rich culture of the city. Plan your itinerary with visits to Valluvar Kottam, St. Andrew’s Church, Vivekananda House, Chennai Central and Madras High Court Annex and explore the grand past of the city. Ambassador Pallava, Chennai, presents a perfect blend of the city's glorious past and modern amenities. The Ambassador Group Of Hotels V. N. Road Marine Drive, Churchgate, Mumbai - 4000020 Info@ambassadorindia.com +91 22 2204 1131 | Mumbai +91 24 0660 7236 | Aurangabad +91 44 2855 4476 | Chennai Get In Touch Stay Updated Subscribe × Please Select CheckBox Home About Us Corporate Newsroom Opportunities Terms & Conditions Contact Us Pay Us GDS Codes Cancel Booking Sitemap Simplotel - Hotel Website Design & Booking Engine Continue your booking Book Now Close BOOK YOUR STAY Close Mumbai The Ambassador Mumbai Visit Hotel Book Now Aurangabad Ambassador Ajanta, Aurangabad Visit Hotel Book Now Chennai Ambassador Pallava, Chennai Visit Hotel Book Now THE AMBASSADOR GROUP OF HOTELS The Ambassador Mumbai Ambassador Ajanta, Aurangabad Ambassador Pallava, Chennai 