Stratford upon Avon Bed and Breakfast | b&b Stratford on Avon | Guest House close to the RSC Brand and toggle get grouped for better mobile display Collect the nav links, forms, and other content for toggling AMBLESIDE GUESTHOUSE Toggle navigation Home Booking & Staying What's in the area Get in touch /.navbar-collapse Breakfast | Parking | Wifi all included - No Hidden Charges Book Online Finding Us Breakfast | Parking | Wifi all included - No Hidden Charges Book Online Finding Us Breakfast | Parking | Wifi all included - No Hidden Charges Book Online Finding Us end of slider section Award winning Bed & breakfast Stratford upon Avon Five Minutes' walk to the RSC Theatre, Shakespeare's birthplace and the town centre Reviews +44 (0)1789 297239 call us for best rates A traditional town centre b&b for the 21st century traveller A warm welcome, local knowledge and attention to detail Find us on Tripadvisor Over 430 Reviews from our TripAdvisor Community Excellent guest house - nothing too much trouble. Won't find anything better than this. 100% perfect. Hope we can get back next year. Stayed December 2017, travelled as a couple Immaculate room - comfortable with everything you could possibly need. Perfect location (including parking) - a variety of excellent restaurants, town centre and river all within walking distance. The best breakfast ever, cooked to perfection. Peter and Ruth make you very welcome. Stayed September 2016, travelled as a couple Ambleside Guest House - Again, our hosts were really helpful with finding places to eat, and where things to do were. Peter is a wonderful breakfast chef, and we really enjoyed talking to him Stayed June 2018, travelled mother & daughter We stayed at Ambleside for 2 nights with all the family to celebrate our 50th wedding anniversary and it was without doubt the best B&B we have ever been to. Everything about the place was absolutely brilliant. Stayed November 2016, travelled with family Too much to see in a day Warwickshire named one of the best places to visit in Europe in 2016 - Lonely Planet travel guide See a Shakespeare play The Royal Shakespeare Company's theatres on the banks of the River Avon are a five minute walk from Ambleside Visit the past Stratford upon Avon is home to Shakespeare's birthplace, Anne Hathaway's Cottage and Holy Trinity Church Explore the Cotswolds Ambleside is a great base for exploring the Cotswold villages independently by car or on an organized tour About We are a small, family run business that provides a warm, personal welcome, a bed for the night(s) and a traditional English breakfast. While we are flexible about check in, arriving late at night is not possible as we do not have a night porter. Once you have checked in, you have a door key to come and go as you please. There are dozens of cafes, restaurants, bars and pubs just a few minutes' walk from us in the town centre. Return to top of page Reviews Latest news start feedwind code RSS Feed Widget Please display the above link in your web page according to Terms of Service. Get in touch Ambleside Guest House 41 Grove Road Stratford upon Avon Warwickshire CV37 6PB Phone: +44 (0)1789 297239 Email: peter@amblesideguesthouse.co.uk Ambleside Guest House Stratford upon Avon | HOME | BOOKING & STAYING | WHAT'S IN THE AREA | CONTACT jQuery (necessary for Bootstrap's JavaScript plugins) Include all compiled plugins (below), or include individual files as needed 