 Anaheim Tour Company | LA, Hollywood, and Orange County Sightseeing Tours Menu Book Now Home Tours Los Angeles & Hollywood Tours Visit OC Beaches Near Anaheim LA Theme Park Tours from Anaheim Private Tours View All Tours Contact Us Company Info About Us Privacy Policy Refunds and Exchanges Frequently Asked Questions Preferred Hotel Partners Book Now Anaheim Tour Company Serving up a slice of Southern California Browse Our Tours Choose Your Tour LA/HOLLYWOOD SIGHTSEEING TOURS See the Chinese Theater, Disney Concert Hall, Hollywood sign, and more! ORANGE COUNTY BEACH TOURS Explore Newport, Huntington, and Laguna Beach! THEME PARK TOURS Experience Universal Studios and Magic Mountain! Private Tours Create your own tour of LA & Hollywood! 10 YEARS IN BUSINESS #1 ON TRIPADVISOR 2014 BEST OF ANAHEIM TOUR AWARD FAMILY OWNED AND MANAGED About the Anaheim Tour Company Being a family owned business in Anaheim, we are committed to providing the very best to our clients. Our reputation depends on you, sharing your experience with others! We hope that you’ll feel like family when you take an Anaheim tour with us! Enjoy the best that Anaheim, Los Angeles, Hollywood, Orange County, San Diego, and surrounding areas have to offer, without the high costs or inferior service. Compare for yourself and read our TripAdvisor reviews below! So book your Los Angeles and Hollywood sightseeing tour NOW and see what you can see, with us! Rave Reviews   “Anaheim Tour Company were professional and courteous. Fantastic customer service, knowledgeable and friendly drivers, and an all round fun day. If we ever come back to Anaheim, we will definitely call upon the Anaheim Tour company again. Brilliant!” Lee M., Orlando     “We were picked up on time as scheduled. Cory did a great job of explaining what we should expect and he delivered. Cory pointed out possible sites to visit that weren’t part of our tour. Every stop was on time for drop off and pickup. A very successful day.” Dave P., Aurora     “The tour was Awesome. Rick the tour guide was fantastic. Definitely recommend it!! He gave us very clear instructions about drop off and pick up at each location and was always there to meet us on time. Time spent at each location was perfect.” Andrea D., Sydney   Now Featuring Private Tours! When you can’t find the Southern California sightseeing tour you want, create your own tour with Anaheim Tour Company! Private tours are the best way to see the sights of LA, Hollywood, and Orange County. Combine the best of Anaheim Tour Company’s tours or customize your own itinerary just the way you want it: Choose your own itinerary. Decide your tour duration. Personalize your tour to match your needs! Create Your Private Tour FROM $350 Pause Play Video Unmute Mute Contact Info Phone (714) 817-9733 Envelope [email protected] Map Marker Anaheim, CA Facebook TripAdvisor Twitter Sitemap Home Tours Private Tour Contact Us Frequently Asked Questions About Us Privacy Policy • Powered by FareHarbor Sites. Visit fareharbor.com to learn more. Powered by FareHarbor 