Anchor Guest House beach front bed and breakfast accommodation ↓ Skip to Main Content .skip-container end of #logo end of #top-widget Slideshow Our lovely view of the beach Sunset at Broad Haven The Sea Front, Broad Haven, Pembrokeshire Sunset from Anchor House The Sea Front, Broad Haven, Pembrokeshire Bed & Breakfast, Pembrokeshire The Sea Front, Broad Haven, Pembrokeshire Bed & Breakfast, Pembrokeshire The Sea Front, Broad Haven, Pembrokeshire WordPress Slideshow Version 2.3.1 end of #header Home Accommodation Prices – Tariffs Contact us Location Map Webcam Gallery Testimonials News Where to Eat Broad Haven Skomer Island Pembrokeshire ANCHOR GUEST HOUSE ANCHOR GUEST HOUSE Welcome to Anchor Guest House, where our mix of beautiful beach views, great accommodation, friendly service and good food, makes our bed and breakfast the perfect place to stay for a special break in Pembrokeshire. Anchor Guest House, which will be ready and open for the season on 30th March 2019  , is literally a stone’s throw from the magnificent beach at Broad Haven. We are right on the sea front and face westwards onto the safe and sandy shores. Staying with us gives you a peaceful haven from which to enjoy stunning sunsets over the bay and the sound and smell of the sea. We offer en-suite accommodation, and we are sure you will find us an ideal base for a variety of outdoor activities for which Pembrokeshire is justly famous. Our Guesthouse is within the Pembrokeshire Coast National Park, and the Pembrokeshire Coast Path passes right by our front door. Therefore walking, bird watching, boat trips to the islands, geological excursions, horseback riding, surfing, coasteering, cycling, and diving are amongst your many options. We are TripAdvisor Certificate of Excellence holders, which put simply, means we know how to look after you. Our warm and friendly service includes fresh milk and welsh cakes on arrival, breakfasts to suit dietary requirements and help and advice on planning your days out if required. We would really like Anchor Guest House to be your home from home during your stay, a place to relax. Broad Haven and Anchor Guest House has a lot to offer; a quiet seaside village with a shop and post office, pubs and cafes, a long sandy beach and our great service and accommodation that we hope will make your holiday in Pembrokeshire memorable.  We love it here by the beach, our guests do too and we look forward to sharing our beach front bed and breakfast with you on your next trip to Pembrokeshire. For up-to-minute availability, please phone us on 01437 781 476 or email bookings@anchorguesthouse.co.uk Thank you for looking at our website Best wishes Helen  p.s. check out our live webcam  –  to see what is going on at Broad Haven beach right now! end of .post-entry end of #post-9 end of #content Slideshow pic-10 pic-10 pic-8 pic-9 The Hafod Estate The Hafod Estate The Hafod Estate The Hafod Estate The Hafod Estate The Hafod Estate The Hafod Estate The Hafod Estate The Hafod Estate The Hafod Estate The Hafod Estate The Hafod Estate The Hafod Estate The Hafod Estate The Hafod Estate The Hafod Estate The Hafod Estate The Hafod Estate The Hafod Estate The Hafod Estate The Hafod Estate The Hafod Estate The Hafod Estate The Hafod Estate The Hafod Estate The Hafod Estate The Hafod Estate PP16_AnchorGH_B_6_resize PP16_AnchorGH_B_55_resize _JEB8658a_131124947346 WordPress Slideshow Version 2.3.1 Broad Haven Weather forecast © weather-wherever.co.uk tes2t ad WordPress Slideshow Version 2.3.1 end of #widgets end of #wrapper end of #container Sitemap Legal Links end of col-540 .social-icons end of col-380 fit Copyright 2014 © Anchor Guest House Digital Marketing Agency: Web Adept . end .powered end of col-940 © 2019 Anchor Guest House end of .copyright ↑ end #footer-wrapper end #footer ngg_resource_manager_marker This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Accept Read More Privacy & Cookies Policy Custom Facebook Feed JS 