Anglesey Holiday Cottage skip links for text browsers skip to main | skip to sidebar Anglesey Holiday Cottage Self-catering Holiday Cottage On the Isle Of Anglesey. Disabled-friendly accommodation Dol Feurig Holiday Cottage, Llangefni, Anglesey, LL77 7BQ Saturday Welcome To Dol Feurig Holiday Cottage: Holiday Accommodation On Anglesey - With Disabled Access Dear Holidaymaker, Congratulations! You have stumbled upon the Dol Feurig Holiday Cottage Blog! Dol Feurig is situated in quiet countryside on the edge of Llangefni, and enjoys lovely views across to the Cefni reservoir. Its central location makes it the ideal centre from which to explore the beautiful Anglesey coastline, and with walks and cycle rides right from our doorstep, and all of the island's tourist attractions within easy reach, there's something here to suit all ages and tastes. At Dol Feurig, we work hard to provide a friendly and courteous welcome to all our guests. Here there is peace and space, attention to detail and the sort of comfortable living you would expect to find in a traditional Welsh home. We have done our utmost to ensure your comfort: the house is centrally heated throughout; we provide you with bed linen and towels. Our normal changeover dates are Saturdays, but out of peak season, our mid-week breaks are a popular option for those seeking a relaxing break in beautiful surroundings. Surrounded by a wide expanse of countryside with lovely views, you will soon begin to unwind and relax! Our cottage will comfortably accommodate a family of six. The kitchen comes very well-equipped with an electric cooker, washing machine, microwave, fridge with freezer compartment, and a breakfast bar ideal for children's meals or a quick cup of coffee. For larger meals and eating en-famile, there's a dining table in our large sitting room which looks out onto the paddock, where our pet sheep sometimes graze. With comfy sofas and chairs, a TV with DVD player, and an electric wood burning effect stove to give that extra glow, this is an ideal family room. There are three bedrooms in all: Bedroom 1: Ground floor twin-bedded with en-suite toilet and washbasin. Bedroom 2: First floor twin-bedded with en-suite toilet and washbasin. Bedroom 3: First floor double bed room with en-suite toilet and wasbasin. Upstairs, there is also a bathroom with bath, toilet, and washbasin, as well as a separate shower room. All the bathrooms are equipped with strategically-placed grab rails and handles. Within the grounds there is garden furniture and plenty of parking space. We welcome responsible pet owners and are happy to accept one dog, though out of consideration for our other guests, we ask that you keep him/her off the furniture and that on no occasion is he/she left alone in the cottage. We live on site and are at hand if you need us. However, we appreciate that you value your privacy and rest assured, will not intrude and will only offer advice when asked! We look forward to welcoming you at Dol Feurig. Sincerely, Marilyn and Emlyn Lewis Posted by Dol Feurig Cottage Labels: accommodation , anglesey , beaumaris , disabled access , holiday cottage , llangefni , mon , newborough beach , north wales , oriel mon , self catering , sir fon , snowdonia Home Subscribe to: Posts (Atom) Dol Feurig Cottage A warm Welsh welcome awaits you at Dol Feurig. Set on the edge of Llangefni, and enjoying uninterrupted views accross to the Cefni reservoir, our disabled-friendly holiday cottage is the ideal location from which to explore the Anglesey coastline and Snowdonia. To learn more about our holiday cottage, click HERE or telephone us on 01248 722132 Peace and tranquility with just the odd sheep to keep you company! Lounge with comfy leather sofas and chairs, TV and DVD Well-equipped kitchen with electric cooker, microwave, dishwasher, washing machine etc. Double bed room with en suite toilet/basin Ground floor twin room with pleasant view, en suite toilet/basin. We even have a paddock available for your pony! OUR PRICES Our rates range from £295 to £625 per week. Weekend breaks also available. For full details phone us on 01248 722132 or email dolfeurig@btinternet.com Blog Archive ▼  2009 (1) ▼  January (1) Welcome To Dol Feurig Holiday Cottage: Holiday Acc... spacer for skins that want sidebar and main to be the same height   end content-wrapper end outer-wrapper 