Gal Apartments Vienna - Vienna - Austria Google Tag Manager (noscript) End Google Tag Manager (noscript) To provide you with the best experience, Gal Apartments Vienna uses its own and third-party cookies on its website for technical, analytical and marketing purposes. By continuing to browse our site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies. Please consult our Cookie Notice for more information. Menu Reserve +43 650 5611942 Menu +43 650 5611942 en Български Deutsch English American English Español français Hrvatski Italiano 日本語 한국어 Nederlands Norsk Português română Русский srpski 中文 繁體中文 Reserve Apartments Amenities Long term Photos Attractions Reviews Contact Reservations Check-in Check-out Reserve Your Home in the Heart of Vienna... High-quality 3-star vacation rentals and business apartments! Our apartment rental service offers short and long term rental flats for demanding tourists and business travellers who desire high quality services. The rental apartments are located in walking distance to the center of Vienna with its most favorite sights and close to the world-famous Viennese parks Wiener Prater and Augarten. The comfortable setting of our holiday flats includes a fully equipped kitchen, spacious living and sleeping areas and WiFi Internet access included in the price. Being located in the Leopoldstadt, the second municipal district of Vienna and less than fifteen walking minutes from the city center, the history of our building starts back in 1848. Built in the architectural style of the Biedermeier period, a complete renovation took place 150 years later between 1998 and 1999 which resulted in a perfect combination of traditional Viennese architecture and modern functionality. Attractions View attractions Gal Apartments Vienna View attractions Reservations Check-in Check-out Reserve Gal Apartments Vienna +43 650 5611942 Große Mohrengasse 29 02. Leopoldstadt 1020 Vienna Austria info@galapartments.com Facebook Tripadvisor Google Plus Youtube yelp Sitemap Privacy policy Cookie notice Imprint clearfix end © 2019 Digital marketing by BookingSuite . BookingSuite is a brand of Booking.com . Have confidence in the world-class customer support that comes along with Booking.com footer-inner end footer end 