Arts and Leisure Tours – Wishing you a wonderful year of travel – from A to E and beyond… Agent Login Home Hotels Villa Rentals Sample Itineraries Connoisseur Travel Testimonials About Us Contact Us Agent Login This is where... your journey begins... relax... indulge... be yourself. Welcome to Arts & Leisure Tours! It all began in 1993 with a passion for travel and the innate need to learn and share…. Life is a great journey and through laughter and tears we all strive to create wonderful memories and traveling gives us just that! Experiences make us richer and gratified. We have been called many times the ‘tailors of travel’.  Why? Because we want to know about you before we design your trip, we look at your style, your preferences, your budget, your tastes and what is going to make you absolutely happy. What makes us different? We truly care! We design each itinerary as if it was our own. All our meticulous planning results in a perfect fit! A lot has happened since we opened in 1993, we started by creating itineraries with special focus for schools, colleges and universities. We learned so much from erudite professors with a passion for European destinations with big focus on art, archaeology, history and with our own passion for wine, food and all culinary delicacies, our tours became delights for all the senses. Shortly after, we felt it was important to share our knowledge and passion with our travel partners in Canada. The result has been outstanding, we love working on a daily basis with our fellow travel agents, satisfying the travel needs of their clients by designing exactly what they are looking for. What is new with us? We expanded in the USA! Arts & Leisure Tours USA with an office in Chicago is our latest venture, and we are loving it!!! What is even newer? Inspirations! A collection of selected hotels that we are representing through various events and activities and so much more. And… The Sweet Inspirations amenities that each hotel will provide just for you! We will continue to update the website on a regular basis, there is a lot more to come! This is where your journey begins! Hotels Explore Villa Rentals Explore Sample Itineraries Explore Due to the great fluctuation of the euro currency, prices for all of our services will be quoted upon request. This policy enables us to provide you, the traveler, with the most competitive quotes consistent with actual currency exchange. We invite you to browse through our website to select the travel style that meets your needs, our travel planners are only a call/email away ready to provide any assistance in designing your itinerary. INTRODUCING OUR COLLECTION OF SELECTED HOTELS… The hotels that have inspired us to create Inspirations … You deserve only the best! Save Save Enter “We do not remember days, we remember moments.” – Cesare Pavese Save Save #main Italy Hotels France Hotels Spain Hotels Portugal Hotels Greece Hotels Join our Free Newsletter By submitting this form, you are agreeing to receive communications from Arts and Leisure Tours. We do not share information with third parties. © 2017 Arts & Leisure Tours. All rights reserved. TICO Reg #4175246 / 4617965 Terms and Conditions Site design by Graphic Terminal 