A Sentimental Journey Bed & Breakfast Gettysburg, PA A Sentimental Journey Bed and Breakfast Cozy inn, small town setting, friendly hospitality and helpful on-call innkeepers. We are decorated in antiques, family heirlooms and pieces collected along the way. Walk to Everything: Restaurants, gift shops, attractions, antique co-ops, the National Cemetery, Culp's Hill and Pickett's Charge, bus and ghost tours and museums. Not a walker? No problem because we are located on the Freedom Transit bus line that takes you to the visitor center, the outlets, the Gettysburg Square, two large cinema complexes and much more. You can ride all day for a small charge. Concierge offerings: Providing maps of the town and battlefields, info on local attractions and events and walking tour maps. We'll make reservations for dinner or a licensed battlefield guide. Offering use of battlefield tour CD, hairdryers, iron and ironing boards, corkscrews and wine glasses, laundry facilitiles for extended stays and emergencies, extra refrigerator space and umbrellas. NEW Packages 3 new packages for the thoughtful and/or romantic booker. Easy and quick to choose from packages of different price ranges or create your own from an a la carte menu. Choose your era: Victorian, Edwardian, the Great War or WWII then enjoy the comforts of king and queen size beds, private baths, free WiFi access, A/C, Cable TV and free off street parking. Welcome to Gettysburg We are a nostalgic bed and breakfast in Gettysburg, PA on the path Abraham Lincoln rode to give the Gettysburg Address. We offer a beautiful and unique alternative to Gettysburg hotels and motels with competive pricing. BEGIN GALLERY IMAGE SCRIPT Call us for instant answers, best prices and fastest booking. 717-420-0058 9 AM- 11 PM One of Gettysburg historic district's fine, quaint inns with romantic Victorian up to the nostalgic 1940s bed and breakfast rooms with all modern comforts. Stay in a room that views the huge sycamore tree that witnessed both the Battle of Gettysburg and the Gettysburg Address . Try the comfy affordable family suite or the private Victorian suite. The 24 hour continental breakfast room is always well stocked for your ease, needs, and pleasures with a variety of foods, snacks, treats, flavored coffees and teas. The property was the Rupp's Tannery and during the 3 day Battle of Gettysburg was a hide out for confederate sharpshooters. Why stay at a hotel or motel when you can stay at a cozy inn for a similar price View Larger Map Gift Certificates no minimum, no expiration date Mailing Address: Barbara amd Steve Shultz A Sentimental Journey B&B 433 Baltimore Street, Gettysburg PA, 17325 Email: A Sentimental Journey B&B   Call us for instant answers   best prices and fastest booking    717-420-0058   9AM - 11PM   Copyright 2011 A Sentimental Journey - All rights reserved Web Development and Hosting provided by: The Pinnacle of Web Design A Sentimental Journey B&B Reviews at iLoveInns Â  end of wrapper 