Asterina Seaside Apartments - Kalyves - Greece Google Tag Manager (noscript) End Google Tag Manager (noscript) To provide you with the best experience, Asterina Seaside Apartments uses its own and third-party cookies on its website for technical, analytical and marketing purposes. By continuing to browse our site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies. Please consult our Cookie Notice for more information. Asterina Seaside Apartments Menu Book now Asterina Seaside Apartments +302825031529 Menu +302825031529 en dansk Deutsch Ελληνικά English American English Español en Argentina Español Suomi français Italiano Nederlands Norsk polski română Русский srpski Svenska Türkçe 中文 繁體中文 Book now Rooms Photos Location Contact Amenities Reviews Reservations Check-in Check-out Book now Asterina Seaside Apartments Rent rooms ASTERINA KALYVES are situated in the village Kalyves in Apokoronas in Chania. They are opposite a beach with a blue flag in the seaside village of Kalyves. The rooms are surrounded with a garden with beautiful flowers and aromatic herbs. In the south there is a playground for our little friends. All the rooms have private balconies with a view of the blue sea of the Mediterranean. Color full contradictions and modern little kitchens provide a luxurious feeling in the air-conditioned apartments of Asterina. Each one has two balconies air-conditioning and a living –room with Satellite TV. Asterina apartments is only 5 minutes on foot from the center of the village. A lot of taverns cafes and restaurants are along the coastal road. There is a kiosk and a supermarket nearby for your shopping. The city of Chania is 18 km in the west and the airport is 25 minutes by car. There is also a taxi service available to and from the airport if required. The staff at the reception desk is willing to help you for renting a car. Finally at the hotel there is free parking space available. Location View attractions Asterina Seaside Apartments View attractions Reservations Check-in Check-out Book now Asterina Seaside Apartments +302825031529 Kalyves Kalyves, 73003 Greece asterina@hotmail.gr Sitemap Privacy policy Cookie notice clearfix end © 2019 Digital marketing by BookingSuite . BookingSuite is a brand of Booking.com . Have confidence in the world-class customer support that comes along with Booking.com footer-inner end footer end 