Athens Welcome Center Welcome Visitor Info Tours House Museum Directions/Contact About Us Gift Shop Welcome Visitor Info Tours House Museum Directions/Contact About Us Gift Shop style below blocks out the mobile nav toggle only when nav is loaded Create index sections   Visit Us Your first stop in the Classic City! More Info Take a 360° Virtual Tour! Tour the Church-Waddel-Brumby House in this high-definition, 360° virtual walk-through. More Info House Museum Visit the c. 1820 Church-Waddel-Brumby House - home to two early university presidents. More Info Take a Tour Classic City Tours offers a variety of guided and self-guided tours of Athens. More Info Gift Shop Visit The Athens Welcome Center Gift Shop for that perfect, locally-crafted memento. More Info END .sqs-gallery-meta-container Your first stop in the Classic City! Greetings from the Athens Welcome Center! Located in downtown Athens, Georgia, inside the c.1820 Church-Waddel-Brumby House Museum. The Athens Welcome Center is an excellent resource for visitors and for locals, while hosting out of town guests. In addition to local information, we carry brochures for the entire State, so stop by if you are planning a trip anywhere throughout Georgia. Let our information specialists help you make the most of your visit to the Classic City, with various maps, brochures, maps, information on current events, as well as hotel and dining information. Our Welcome Center is also home to Classic City Tours, which offers a variety of guided and self-guided tour options around Athens. Looking for the perfect Athens gift? Browse our Gift Shop for unique and original creations from Athens artists, as well as a full array of books on local history.   Visitor Info Welcome to Athens. We are here to help you get the most out of your visit to The Classic City. You'll find trip itineraries, visitors guides and many other resources. More Tours Classic City Tours, located at the Athens Welcome Center, provides a full range of tour and transportation services for individuals and groups.   More House Museum Take a tour of the ca. 1820 Church-Waddel-Brumby House Museum. This Federal-style house is believed to be Athens' oldest surviving residence.   More Gift Shop Looking for the perfect ATHENS gift….Stop by the Welcome Center Gift Shop. We are fully loaded with all kinds of locally made items!   More Back to Top Athens Welcome Center, 280 East Dougherty Street, Athens, GA, 30601 706-353-1820 director@athenswelcomecenter.com ©2019 Athens Welcome Center. All rights reserved. Site Design by Athens Creative Design, LLC . 