Auberge du Lac des Sables - Sainte-Agathe-des-Monts - Canada Google Tag Manager (noscript) End Google Tag Manager (noscript) To provide you with the best experience, Auberge du Lac des Sables uses its own and third-party cookies on its website for technical, analytical and marketing purposes. By continuing to browse our site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies. Please consult our Cookie Notice for more information. Auberge du Lac des Sables Menu Book now Auberge du Lac des Sables +1 819-326-3994 Menu +1 819-326-3994 en català English American English Español en Argentina Español français íslenska Italiano Русский Türkçe 中文 繁體中文 Book now Hotel Rooms Amenities Activities Photos Attractions Contact Reviews Reservations Check-in Check-out Book now Auberge du Lac des Sables Welcome to Auberge du Lac des Sables, a veritable Laurentian jewel nestled on the shores of the magnificent Lac des Sables in Sainte-Agathe. The Auberge is located at the heart of the magnificent Laurentians region. Spectacular views of the lake and surrounding nature are rivalled only by the beauty of the sunsets. Once known as a health oasis and sought after vacation area, Sainte-Agathe-des-Monts remains unique, with the magnificent Lac des Sables and its enchanting décor at the centre of its town. OUR BEST At the heart of the Laurentians and in close proximity to Montreal, Mont Tremblant and Saint-Sauveur, Sainte-Agathe-des-Monts is also a center filled with activities. The quality of the services offered, notably for health and for education, the revitalisation of the downtown area and Place Lagny and the will to put into value its patrimonial legacy represent the corner stones for its vision for future development. Attractions View attractions Auberge du Lac des Sables View attractions Reservations Check-in Check-out Book now Auberge du Lac des Sables +1 819-326-3994 230 Rue St-Venant J8C 2Z7 Sainte-Agathe-des-Monts Canada info@aubergedulac.com Facebook Tripadvisor Sitemap Privacy policy Cookie notice clearfix end © 2019 Digital marketing by BookingSuite . BookingSuite is a brand of Booking.com . Have confidence in the world-class customer support that comes along with Booking.com footer-inner end footer end 