Bachelor Sunriver 3 Bedroom Rental Private Hot Tub Sleeps 10 (503) 284-2552 FREE SHARC Passes Bachelor Vacation Rentals Sunriver Rental Home (503) 284-2552 Mt Bachelor Ski Resort Lodging By Owner 3 Bedroom Sleeps 10 Private Hot Tub Sun River Oregon Sunriver Vacation Rental Mt. Bachelor Home With Private Hot Tub! 8 FREE Passes to the New SHARC Aquatic Recreation Center! Open: Aug 25 - Sept 7, 2019 4 Spectacular Fall Colors Min to Bachelor! Families Welcome Sunriver Haven For Rent By Owner 3 Bedroom 3.5 Bath Sleeps 10 Nightly Rental Rates $175 to $275 (plus deposits & taxes) Offered for rent by owner Bachelor Sunriver Haven is located along one of the more than 30 miles of paved bike paths, cross country ski trails and winter, clear-plowed state highways and just 20 minutes from Mt. Bachelor Ski Resort. Dramatic river-rock fireplace with an artfully fashioned custom mantel. The vacation home opens to vaulted ceilings throughout the upper level. Bachelor sunriver is a wonderful centerpiece for the gathering together of family and friends. This Sunriver vacation rental home features wi-fi Internet throughout so bring your laptop and surf the web for free! Forest views from every window. Especially enjoyable after a long day's exploration of the boundless, natural beauty surrounding our Sunriver vacation rental home. Fully equipped, country kitchen with new, personal features and modern appliances...ideal for entertaining a housefull. Directly off the dining room the expansive upper wrapping deck includes lounge furnishings, barbecue grill and ideal viewing of the forest's wildlife. Upper level master bedroom with a king bed, full, private ensuite bathroom and personal access to the large rear deck. Full ensuite bathroom attached to master suite includes a walk in shower, twin basin vanities and a generous soaking tub. Direct access to the large rear deck from the upstairs master suite with steps down to the private hot tub. From the deck, skyline views offer guests the ideal place to experience brilliant sunsets and sparkling, night skies. The kids will love the log bunks...climbing from one bed to the next, making memories of a lifetime! The second and third bedrooms are furnished with thick, log pine and wrought iron plus designer linens and warm blankets. Each room in our vacation rental home has a unique feel, view and vacation experience. The family room is great for TV and kids. Here, guests discover a hide-away bed and the doorway leading to the lower deck with a large, bubbling private HOT TUB...awaiting tired muscles! Laundry room with deep laundry sink and full sized washer and dryer. Only 20 minutes from Mt. Bachelor along one of the more than 30 miles of paved bike paths, cross country ski trails or winter's clear-plowed, state highways. That's Sunriver...3,300 acres of holiday vacation fun for the entire family! ** We even have bikes for you to use! 'click here' for Sunriver Vacation Rental Availability Calendar The Stafford Family's Sunriver Haven Vacation and Holiday Rentals of Central Oregon, USA Off Season Rentals Discounts Last Minute Specials Call, E-mail or 'Contact Form' below 4 Exact Availabily & Rental Rate! No Pets and No Smoking Allowed Rental Season Nightly Rentals Fall & Winter $195 Spring $175 Summer Mid June to Labor Day $275 Rentals include complimentary swimming and tennis passes. MLK, Presidents, Memorial Day $275 Nightly Thanksgiving, Christmas & New Year's Eve $275 Nightly Until confirmed rates are subject to change without notice. *Rental reservations are made only to individuals 21 years and older. Rental payment by cash or check is accepted. $150 Rental Security Deposit **Deposit of $250 is required to hold the rental reservation. Rental payment in full is required one month prior to your arrival. Deposit refunds: For full refund (less $25), cancellation must be received 30 days prior to arrival date. No refunds for early departures. Rental check-in time is 4 PM and check out time is 11 AM Ask about early arrival or late departure times. Contact Form Your Name Email Address Daytime Phone Evening Phone Your City, State and Country Number of Guests Your Arrival Date & Length of Stay Second Choice of Arrival Dates Comments, Questions and 4 FAST Answers about Availability... Sunriver Haven Mt Bachelor & Sunriver Vacation Rental Home Kathy Stafford Mt Bachelor Ski Resort E-mail... Sunriver Haven phone... (503) 284-2552 fax (503) 493-2573 Be sure to mention... JOY@lodging4vacations.com when you respond to this ad. AddThis Button BEGIN AddThis Button END Remember to 'send off' the contact form above, before you click away on these fun and informational links below.... Links The High Desert Museum ... is pleased to announce the arrival of its newest “artifact,” a completely restored and fully functional 1935 Chevrolet fire truck. Lower Deschutes River Guides Sunriver Guides & Outfitters offers a unique fishing experience with our classic wooden drift boats, streamside lunches, and bountiful rivers and lakes. Fly fishing should be a personal experience. It's something our experienced guides strive to create.          On Mt. Bachelor Trail Map ... our sophisticated network of high-speed, detachable lifts gives you the access you need to experience all 3,683 acres of our exhilarating terrain in a single day. You won't find a faster or more convenient lift system anywhere. Click here to visit my... VRBO.com Page Click here to see more... Mt Bachelor and Sunriver Vacation Rentals By Owner Click here to see more... Central Oregon Private Homes Private Homes By Owner designed by ...   vacation rental advertising    joytracy.com©2000-2020   