Luxury Serviced Apartments in Sukhumvit, Bangkok | Fraser Suites End Facebook Pixel Code Facebook Pixel Code End Facebook Pixel Code Insider API Google Tag Manager End Google Tag Manager Google Tag Manager (noscript) End Google Tag Manager (noscript) Google Tag Manager (noscript) End Google Tag Manager (noscript) English en 中文 zh العربية ar frasers hospitality fraser difference Frasers Hospitality Fraser Difference FRASER WORLD contact location Menu Offers rooms & suites Amenities gallery attractions Reviews News FAQ More attractions Reviews News FAQ contact location frasers hospitality FRASER WORLD Studio Executive One Bedroom Apartments Two Bedroom Apartments Three Bedroom Apartments Rates Request for Proposal widget-content module Sweet Dreams & Breakfast widget-content module Key Features & Services Dining widget-content module +66 2 207 9300 <div class="fixed-title-wrapper"> <h3><a class="overlay-heading-link" href="">Fraser Suites Sukhumvit, Bangkok</a></h3> <p><a class="overlay-heading-link" href="">An urban dweller's haven in the heart of Bangkok</a></p> </div> Test that Google Analytics tracking is working by clicking the submit/book now button on the booking mask site and look in the URL string for code similar to #__utma=1.1142150968.1343168117.1343168117.1343168117.&....etc.. input type="hidden" id="start" value="availresults" name="start" / Destination Fraser Suites Sukhumvit, Bangkok Arrival Departure Adults 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Children 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Corporate/Promo Code Fraser Residence Orchard, Singapore For requests on long stay rates, kindly email us at  reservations.singapore@frasershospitality.com  or call us at  (65) 62 700 800 for further assistance. Alternatively, you may like to consider the next best available properties in Singapore. View property listing . Fraser Suites Abuja For requests on rates, kindly email us at reservations.dubai@frasershospitality.com Book Direct & Save Now Book Direct & Save Now Manage Booking Manage Booking Book Direct & Save Now Best Rate Guarantee Fraser World Luxury Serviced Apartments in Sukhumvit, Bangkok Nestled in a landscaped garden in one of Bangkok’s most vibrant areas  on Sukhumvit Soi 11, Fraser Suites Sukhumvit, Bangkok is not just a sanctuary for the urban dweller, but a luxury serviced apartment travellers to Bangkok would appreciate. Read more Extending the much reputed Thai Hospitality in modern city living, we offer 185 luxury serviced residences , from studio, one-bedroom, two-bedroom, three-bedroom and penthouse suites.  Each of the one/two/three-bedrooms and penthouse suites comes with a contemporary living room, fully-equipped kitchen and expansive ensuite bedroom(s).  All our residences are technologically enhanced with complimentary high-speed internet access available in-room and around the property, 24/7 reception and concierge services, comprehensive high-end entertainment system, offering facilities of a long stay hotel Bangkok visitors would need. Featuring lavish interiors, spacious layout, fully furnished with modern conveniences and meeting facilities in a central Bangkok location, Fraser Suites Sukhumvit, Bangkok is the ideal choice for the discerning traveller, whether business or leisure, for long or short term stay. Read less Best rate guaranteed when you sign up as a Fraser World Member Exclusive access to members-only offers e-lifestyle reward redemption of retail treats and free stays at participating properties Birthday discount of 25% off our Best Flexible Rates END HOLDER offers Sweet Dreams & Breakfast Wake up to amazing mornings with Frasers. Inclusive of daily breakfast and complimentary WiFi. Read more Book Now HIGHLIGHTS Above Eleven is a rooftop bar & restaurant on the 33 rd floor of the Fraser Suites Sukhumvit in Sukhumvit’s pulsating Soi 11. Conceptualized by the food and beverage team of Soho Hospitality, Above Eleven is the first Peruvian Japanese restaurant in South East Asia in a rooftop venue inspired by the experience of being in one of the great urban parks of the world. Key features include custom-designed structural trees, a maze in the entrance era and bathrooms serving as observatories of Bangkok’s skyline. According to Rohit Sachdev, Managing Director of Soho Hospitality, the rooftop bar & restaurant is “an abstract art installation of a park experience with a captivating bird’s eye view of Bangkok.” Dress Code: We have a semi-casual dress code policy which is strictly enforced. For gentlemen, dress shorts are permitted but no sleeveless shirts and closed shoes only. Doors open daily from 6:00pm until 2:00am Read more where we are 38/8 Sukhumvit soi 11, Klong Toey Nua, Wattana, Bangkok 10110, Thailand Tel: +66 2 207 9300 Fax: +66 2 207 9301 Email: salesadmin.sukhumvit@frasershospitality.com 38/8 Sukhumvit soi 11, Klong Toey Nua, Wattana, Bangkok 10110, Thailand Tel: +66 2 207 9300 Fax: +66 2 207 9301 Email: salesadmin.sukhumvit@frasershospitality.com TripAdvisor users rated our luxurious serviced apartments in Bangkok 4.5 out of 5 from 907 reviews. View location in map Experience the award-winning Frasers Hospitality Book now to enjoy Best Rate Guaranteed worldwide! Participating Properties Our Awards & Recognitions 0 widget-content module View all Awards View e-Cachet View e-Cachet widget-content module Download our e-Brochure Download our e-Brochure Connect with us awards press blog careers Developers sitemap terms of use privacy policy Best Rate Guarantee awards press blog careers Developers sitemap Share This Fraser Suites Fraser Suites is characterized by touches of indulgence that spells of sophistication and timeless classics, with rich textures and distinctive décor that reflect the essence… Read more Fraser Place Fraser Place exudes chic and vibrancy with its stylish designer décor and furniture. One can’t help but feel the energy coming from its city location which is often within the… Read more Fraser Residence Fraser Residence is a sanctuary located in the heart of the city. Designed for the minimalist and the contemporary, the property is ideal for those who need a longer term stay… Read more Modena by Fraser Modena by Fraser offers boutique style, long-term hotel residences located in gateway and emerging Asian cities, which are ideal for the “road warriors” or young executives who… Read more Capri by Fraser Capri by Fraser is a hotel residence that caters to the digitally driven e-generation who are intelligent and innovative, and who appreciate the technologically integrated lifestyle… Read more MALMAISON Malmaison exists to cater for those who demand something different. People who are looking for a stylish stay, daring dining or a truly impressive events venue with impeccable… Read more Hotel Du Vin Each individual Hotel du Vin has its own unique character shaped by the architecture, history and sensitive conversion of the building. At the heart of each is our bistros serving… Read more awards press blog careers Developers sitemap terms of use privacy policy Best Rate Guarantee awards press blog careers Developers sitemap © 2019 Frasers Hospitality Pte Ltd.  A member of Frasers Property Group. FOOTER SCRIPTS Sojern Container Tag cp_v2_js, Pixel Version: 1 End Sojern Tag 