Bannockburn Hotel – Wine Country Restaurant & Bar – A Wine Country Restaurant & Bar In The Heart Of Otago. Experience fresh tapas sharing plates & great wine. Enjoy panoramic mountain views in our beer gardens or restaurant as our friendly staff take great care of you Target for scroll anchors to achieve native browser bahaviour + possible enhancements like smooth scrolling ALL ENQUIRIES RESERVE A TABLE DOWNLOAD MENU MENU GALLERY OUR WINE LIST OUR STORY The Bannockburn Hotel – Wine Country Restaurant & Bar is just across the bridge from Cromwell, a thriving township in the heart of Central Otago. We are privileged to look out over some of the finest vineyards, landscapes and mountain scenery in the world. We’ve seen the Gold Rush of the 1860’s, the Chinese settlements have come and gone, the valley has flooded, dams have been built and we’re still here serving great food, cold beer, and amazing local wine. With over 200 wines on our list and more than 60 of those available by the glass , you’ll have plenty of opportunity to sample some fantastic wine and craft beer with your lunch, dinner, or lazy grazing snack. Our restaurant and bar menu is a sharing or tapas style (Take a look) and features a varied list of dishes from around the world. Designed for you to experience together with friends and family. Tapas are a wide variety of appetizers, or snacks, in Spanish (or nowadays global) cuisine. They may be cold (such as mixed olives and cheese) or warm (slow cooked meats, bite sized flavoursome snacks) Your meal will generally encompass several dishes of varying styles and flavours. Don’t be put off by the small size of some tapas, a sharing meal can be very filling but above all else it is a supremely social and fun meal. Alternatively, please feel free to choose from our classic pub food favourites. Our Cromwell Restaurant offers Vegetarian, Gluten free and Vegan meals – Please call ahead to confirm vegan options as they take time to prepare in advance. Come and lose an afternoon or two in our beer gardens, enjoying some of the best pub food, tapas, wine and craft beer in Central Otago. Take in the views or relax in front of the fire… slow down and take a breath – after all, this is a pub with history, in fact we were granted the first liquor license in Central Otago. We’ve renovated the building slowly over the last couple of years and have created a warm, cozy and above all friendly atmosphere for our Cromwell restaurant – we love it and we hope you do to. The historic nature of our name does indicate that we have accommodation on site, however there has been no accommodation since the late 90’s. We’re working towards rectifying this, so watch this space … If you are looking for accommodation  click here for some superb examples – Just tell them Anna & Andy sent you We’re so fortunate to live in a beautiful part of the world – If you’re planning on visiting the region, want to get to know us a little bit more by seeing who and what we care about or if you just love a good landscape, check out our Instagram feed .  You’ll see our travels, some beautiful landscapes across Cromwell, Bannockburn, Central Otago and some amazing tapas, pub food and great wine – Hungry yet? Please don’t hesitate to get in touch to talk to us about functions. exclusives hires, parties or weddings If you’d like to come and work with us then please fill in the form here Well That's Very Kind Of You to Say - Some Of Our Online Testimonials Excellent service. Options explained well. Prices reasonable. Presentation of food excellent. Flavours excellent. Good parking at the rear. Great views. Great ambience. A place I recommend and also recommend booking as it is a very popular place Fabulous. So good we drove 50km again to go back the following night and had an even better evening What a find! Amazing food with attentive staff. And probably the most extensive wine list (complete with tasting notes for each wine) I’ve ever seen! Well worth a visit. “If you want fantastic food and a great wine list this is the place” We drove past this place a couple of times trying to find a different restaurant. When we couldn’t, we headed in here only to be blown away! The service is amazing (Anna was so lovely) the food was delicious even though we ordered way to much! Great views if you sit outside although so cozy and warm if you don’t. “Excellent restaurant with attentive, knowledgeable staff, outstanding food, and a magnificent wine list” “Wonderful food, service and amazing wine …. highly recommended!” “A cracking lunch. Great wine selection too. Would return in a heartbeat” “The presentation and service is excellent. Anna’s suggestions for food and wine matches were spot on” “The Bannockburn Hotel is a must” “Wonderful experience, we loved our time here, yummy food and a big thank you to the amazing staff, we will definitely be back” “Such a lovely place, had the most incredible tapas there with wines by the glass (with Coravins!)” “The service is amazing (Anna was so lovely) the food was delicious” “If you want fantastic food and a great wine list this is the place” “Not to be missed if you come to Central Otago” “Beautiful things done with outstanding ingredients” “OMG – Great food and the best wine list I’ve ever seen” #testimonial_rotator_2181 .testimonial_rotator_wrap OPENING HOURS & RESERVATIONS Monday – Closed Tuesday to Sunday – Midday to 10:00 pm We recommend Lunch & Dinner reservations all year round RESERVE A TABLE COURTESY SHUTTLE We have a courtesy shuttle available for pickup and drop offs. Please call us if your group is larger than 6 people Last pickup 9:00 pm Whilst our shuttle is free, we do ask for a gold coin donation per person for our current charity BANNOCKBURN HOTEL 420 Bannockburn Road Cromwell 9384 +64 3 445 0615 hello@bannockburnhotel.com ALL ENQUIRIES TODAY’S MENU Our menu changes as the seasons come and go. Be sure to ask about our current weekly specials. Some menu items are subject to change due to product availability or seasonal quality. Please call ahead to confirm any dietary issues you may have. We can usually accommodate dietary issues but advance warning is very helpful. Tapas & Shared Plates Bar Snacks & Sides Larger Plates Children's Meals & Snacks Just Desserts Tapas & Shared Plates vc_grid start vc_grid end Bar Snacks & Sides vc_grid start vc_grid end Larger Plates vc_grid start vc_grid end Children's Meals & Snacks vc_grid start vc_grid end Just Desserts vc_grid start vc_grid end DOWNLOAD MENU MENU GALLERY RESERVE A TABLE WINE LIST Why not spend an afternoon walking through the list ? – We use Coravins to preserve the integrity of all our wines – the Coravin allows us to offer a huge number of wines by the glass. Our list reflects the diversity and quality of Central Otago and New Zealand as a whole and also reflects some of the superb winemaking from around the globe. Sometimes you just fancy something a little different and our list will give you that. Don’t just order what you usually have – take a dive into the wealth of amazing wine out there just waiting for you If you’re not quite sure what you fancy – ask one of the staff to make a suggestion from their own personal favourites or try the wine our chefs had in mind when they put the dishes together – you never know, you might just find a new favourite DOWNLOAD OUR WINE LIST – ANYTHING YOU FANCY ? WHO WE ARE,  WHERE WE ARE,  AND WHAT WE DO START Homepage Slider REVOLUTION SLIDER 6.0.5 END REVOLUTION SLIDER FIND US 420 Bannockburn Road Cromwell 9384 OPENING HOURS Monday – Closed Tuesday – Sunday Midday to 10:00 pm CALL US +64 3 445 0615 EMAIL US hello@bannockburnhotel.com BOOKINGS RESERVE A TABLE We recommend Lunch & Dinner reservations all year round Please call to reserve a table if you would like a booking for today Copyright All Rights Reserved With Thanks To Flip Digital © 2018 Bannockburn Hotel - A Cromwell Restaurant & Bar 420 Bannockburn Rd, Cromwell, 9384 - Ph: 03 445 0615 | hello@bannockburnhotel.com Home Book Your Table Contact Us Menu Gallery Work With Us Local Accommodation Instagram Visiting Central Instagram Feed JS 