Barberry Court – Lake George Motel Home About Rooms Things To Do Contact Book Now Menu end container_wrap Located in the Heart of Lake George Save 5% By Booking Direct Rooms Book Now Barberry Court Motel is a friendly, quiet family motel in Lake George Village with reasonable rates! BOOK NOW close column table wrapper. Autoclose: 1 close content main div Lowest Rates In Town! Relax & Enjoy There is nothing like a taking a dip in the pool on those hot summer days. At Barberry we take pride in keeping or pool maintained all summer long so you can take a carefree swim to relax after a fun filled day here in Lake George! Play & Stay Barberry Court is very family friendly. In the center of the court, you will find a Playground   that your children will love, while you sit back and enjoy all of our other amenities like our grills and picnic tables for a good family barbecue. Rest & Unwind In your room, you can relax and watch color cable TV with your choice of heat or air conditioning, depending on the season. Complimentary coffee is available every morning and daily maid service is provided. close content main div Why Stay? With So Much To Offer, Why Not? close content main div Daily Maid Service Discount Tickets to Area Attractions Roadside Trolley Stop Children’s Play Area Outdoor BBQ Areas Salt Water Pool close content main div What Our Guests Say “Great place. Stayed her many times. Can’t wait for the next time!” Debra Jean “Exceptional place, very accommodating owner! Would definitely go back!” Christine O. “Great place great people love staying here we have a good Time every time we stay here!” Charles Norton “Great location. Nice place for families. Owner was very nice. Kids loved the pool and playground!” Jennifer Thompson Previous Next close content main div Address 507 Canada Street Lake George, NY 12845 Phone (518) 668-5002 Email barberrycourt9@gmail.com Name * Phone E-Mail * Message * close content main div close content main div section close by builder template end builder template close default .container_wrap element end main end wrap_all Scroll to top 