Bar Harbor Hotel - Bluenose Inn near Acadia National Park The Bluenose Inn ~ A Classic Bar Harbor Hotel The Bluenose Inn ~ A Classic Bar Harbor Hotel About Accessibility Statement Directions Employment Privacy Policy Lafayette Hotels Events Amenities Great Room Pools and Fitness Center Reservations Rooms Stenna Nordica Two Bedroom Apartment Mizzentop Mizzentop Suites Eden Spa Dining Island Activities Calendar of Events News 90 Eden Street ~ Bar Harbor, Maine ~ CHECK AVAILABILITY | (207) 288-3348 for reservations. | We are are open for the season! A Classic Bar Harbor Hotel Ocean views and elegant accommodations on the “Most Beautiful Island in America.” With sweeping views of Frenchman Bay, enjoy a memorable vacation on Maine’s famed Mount Desert Island, home of Acadia National Park. Check Availability Bar Harbor Hotel Rooms We offer 98 classically appointed hotel rooms and two person suites in the distinguished Mizzentop and Stenna Nordica buildings. Check Availability Relax and Rejuvenate in Our Eden Spa The Eden Spa brings a sophisticated design and relaxed atmosphere to our hotel guests and local community. Eden Spa ‹ › Rooms Whatever accommodations you desire, the Bluenose Inn offers a variety of room types to meet your individual needs. Read more » Eden Spa We offer Massage Therapy, Facial and Body Treatments, Manicures and Pedicures, Waxing and Shellac Nails. Read more » Dining The Looking Glass was voted the “Best Breakfast with a View,” for all of Maine, by the editors at Yankee Magazine. Read more » Bar Harbor Hotel – Bluenose Inn  Please call 207-288-3348 to make reservations. Good Morning America Viewers voted Acadia National Park as  America’s Favorite Place! Click here to see the live reveal from Jordan Pond! Check out our Island Tab for ideas on activities and to see the other great awards given to Mount Desert Island, Acadia National Park, and Bar Harbor! Winner of   Booking.com’s 2018 Guest Review Award . Ocean views and elegant accommodations on the “Most Beautiful Island in America.” With sweeping views of Frenchman Bay, the Bluenose Inn is the perfect hotel accommodation choice for a memorable vacation on Maine’s famed Mount Desert Island, home of Acadia National Park. Here, atop a granite terraced hillside, you will quickly discover the allure of Maine’s rockbound coast. The ideal location of our hotel places us just minutes away from the host of attractions that make this corner of Maine one of the nation’s most popular retreats. The original building on the site of the Bluenose Inn was constructed in 1884 as a summer estate of Mrs. William Morris Hunt, an artist’s widow. The stonework from this palatial “cottage,” which she named Mizzentop, remains beneath the building that bears its name. Accommodations in today’s luxury resort is defined by two elegant guest buildings: the luxurious 53-room Mizzentop which also houses our registration office, Business Center, the inviting Great Room Piano Lounge, and our Vista Room meeting facility; and Stenna Nordica , featuring 45 tastefully decorated rooms and a glass front elevator. A third building houses our indoor heated pool, hot tub, steam room, fitness center  and Eden Spa . Our grounds feature an outdoor heated pool, garden paths, and, of course, our panoramic views of Frenchman Bay.     The Bluenose Inn has no resort fees. Sorry, no pets and no smoking allowed. Business Member 90 Eden Street ~ Bar Harbor, Maine ~ (207) 288-3348 ~ CHECK AVAILABILITY · © 2019 Bar Harbor Hotel - Bluenose Inn · Powered by · Designed with the Customizr theme · 