Table Rock Lake Resort - Branson Lodging - Bar M Resort If you mention you found us through the internet... You will receive a special $15.00 discount off your first visit of four nights or more. Stay with us 6 days and we'll give you the 7th day FREE Stay with us for 4 nights or more between August 16 to October 31 and your last night is FREE Home Lodging Rates Book Now Camping Activities Fishing Directions Family Reunions Bar M Video Find us on Facebook Lake Regulations Guestbook Welcome to Bar M Resort Bar M is nestled on 10 unspoiled acres on a private cove of Table Rock Lake. We feature both lodging and campground accommodations to suit just about every taste. Even though we are out of the traffic of Branson, getting there is only a short drive away. We have everything you would expect in a Table Rock Lake Resort from individual "A" frame cabins and condo style units to a variety of campground facilities including both RV and tent camping for those wanting to "rough it" a little. We are one of the nicest Table Rock Lake resorts and campgrounds with recreation for the entire family. The amenities at our Table Rock Lake resort include a sparkling swimming pool with a water slide, a large family size hot tub, a boat dock and launch ramp with a variety of boat rentals, a picnic pavilion, a game room with a pool table and video games, basketball, horseshoes and a large playground for the kids all on 10 beautifully manicured acres on the shores of Table Rock Lake just minutes from Branson. If you are interested in a fantastic Table Rock Lake Resort vacation, this is the place for you and both Branson, Missouri and Springfield, Missouri are only a short drive away. Bar M is perfectly suited for family reunions with both cabins and camping facilities and a large picnic pavilion for large family meals and meetings   Fishing License Any out of state guest ages 16 and over require a Missouri fishing license to fish in our lakes and streams. If you are a Missouri resident only guests ages 16-64 require a license to fish. Fishing license can be purchased locally if you prefer. Click here to purchase a license Boater Safety Anyone born after January 1, 1984 requires a Boating Operaters Safety Card to legally operate a motorized water craft (including boats and wave runners) on Missouri lakes. If a you have a similar card from your state of residence, you must bring it with you to operate a water craft. These cards are not available locally. Click here to Apply More Camping Activities Fishing Directions Family Reunions Guestbook Guest Comments Social Media Bar M Resort Video Find us on Facebook Blue Sky Blog Instagram Contact Info Bar M Resort & Campground 207 Bar-M Lane Branson West , MO 65737 Email Us 417-338-2593 Facility 8.5 Restrooms 9.0 Appeal 9.5 Bar M Resort ©2016 