Baywood Shores Bed and Breakfast in Lincoln City Oregon Book Online | Gift Certificates | 541-996-6700 Welcome The Inn & Rooms Lincoln City Photos Directions Page Title and Slider Right on the beach! close .flexslider #page-title close #homepage-slider-container End Page Title and Slider The featured slider is called from the header.php located in the slider-progression.php file this code pull in the homepage content Welcome to Baywood Shores Bed and Breakfast – Waterfront Lodging in Lincoln City, Oregon For your next distinctive occasion, field office, or vacation getaway, stay at Baywood Shores B&B for a priceless experience in coastal living. Here at Baywood Shores, we offer you the finest in Oregon coast lodging: WINTER SPECIAL . Nov 1 thru Jan 31 excluding holidays, $175 a night with a two night stay. Use promo code: WSP11-1 when booking online . Exceptional beach views Highly-appointed suites Wireless Internet Delicious breakfast Just south of the Taft District of Lincoln City, Oregon, on the bank of Siletz Bay, sits Baywood Shores Bed and Breakfast. Here you will be mesmerized by the ebb and flow of the salty water along the Oregon coast and amazed by the stunning, panoramic view of the ever-changing sky above Lincoln City and the Pacific Ocean. TRIP ADVISOR RATED #1 Do you enjoy birding? It’s easy to spend hours identifying the varied birdlife that frequents Siletz Bay, including Great Grey Herons, Great White Herons, Eagles, Ospreys, a variety of ducks, and more. Harbor Seals can be seen just about every day swimming in or beaching on the banks at the mouth of Siletz Bay and the ocean. Learn more about our Lincoln City, OR bed and breakfast . close .content-container-spacing close .content-container Homepage Child Pages Start Homepage Child Pages End close .width-container close #main Baywood Shores Bed and Breakfast 1281 SW 62nd Street, Lincoln City, OR 97367 Toll Free: 1-800-327-0486 | Phone: 541-996-6700 baywoodshoresbb@gmail.com close #copyright close .width-container 