Beachcomber's Cottage | Lake Superior Vacation Rental in Michigan's Upper Peninsula near Marquette home tour reservations things to do guestbook The Beachcomber's Cottage is waiting for your arrival. Whether you're kayaking the shores of Lake Superior, enjoying the amenities of nearby Marquette, or just relaxing on the beach, Beachcomber's Cottage is the perfect vacation spot. Beachcomber's Cottage: The perfect beachfront vacation retreat on Lake Superior Located in the heart of Michigan's Upper Peninsula, the Beachcomber's Cottage is nestled in a private woodsy setting surrounded by tall whispering pines. A short, cobblestone path leads you to the expansive Lake Superior beach. For your summer vacation, it's just the spot to lounge in your beach chair, take an invigorating swim, or stroll down the beach collecting rocks and driftwood. And it's perfect for an autumn getaway, where the fall colors are vibrant and spectacular, the air crisp and clear. You'll enjoy staying at the secluded two bedroom cottage with knotty pine interior and hardwood floors throughout. The cottage can accommodate up to four people. Charming and comfortable, it has everything you need for your stay: Master bedroom with a queen bed Second bedroom with two twin beds Bathroom with modern shower enclosure Linens and one set of towels per person provided The kitchen includes: Refrigerator, electric stove, microwave, coffee maker Dishes, cookware, and utensils Amenities include: Flat screen TV DVD and CD players Land-line telephone for local calls Wi-fi The cottage also offers two decks: An attached deck with picnic table and chairs for outdoor dining and relaxing A second deck above the beach dune with views overlooking Lake Superior and the spectacular sunsets over Shot Point to the west. It's just right for enjoying your morning cup of coffee or even watching the stars come out at night. Located 15 miles east of Marquette on scenic Highway M-28, the cottage is close to dining, shopping, and entertainment. It is near hiking and bicycle trails, several golf courses, and a casino. And just 26 miles east of the cottage is the wild and beautiful Pictured Rocks National Lakeshore, located at Munising. Wherever your adventures take you, the Beachcomber's Cottage is your perfect home base. "We thoroughly enjoyed our stay. The cottage was the perfect place to get away from the busyness of the world. The lake was magnificent, restaurants were a hit & breezes refreshing."                         - Phil & Betty, Illinois home | tour | reservations | things to do | guestbook © 2018 Beachcomber's Cottage LLC 