Casa de San Pedro Bed & Breakfast in Hereford, Arizona 43-page3.tpl Accessibility stuff Skip Navigation Website Accessibility column0_components (888) 257-2050 Gift Certificates Book your stay now! Google Tag Manager (noscript) End Google Tag Manager (noscript) navigation Brand and toggle get grouped for better mobile display Toggle navigation ☰ Menu span class="navbar-brand visible-xs-block" data-toggle="collapse" href="#">Menu</span Collect the nav links, forms, and other content for toggling Home About About Us Room Rates & Policies Photo Gallery Meet the Innkeeper Directions Rooms Guest Rooms King Suite Double Rooms King Rooms Amenities Breakfast Specials Specials Awards Program Area Area Attractions Upcoming Events Birding Reservations Contact Us Accessibility stuff column2_components Casa de San Pedro  check availability Guest Rooms Amenities Attractions Specials Bed & Breakfast in Hereford, Arizona An enchanting oasis surrounded by the beauty of Southern Arizona Enjoy fine cuisine, comfortable accommodations and breathtaking scenery... Casa de San Pedro - A Naturalists Haven in SE Arizona. The Most Romantic Inn in Arizona Casa de San Pedro Bed and Breakfast is a nationally-acclaimed Arizona inn 90 miles from Tucson, near Ramsey Canyon, Bisbee, and Sierra Vista. The Inn is on 10 acres adjacent to the San Pedro River and Riparian National Conservation Area. SUMMER BIRDING + SPECIAL EVENTS! Our Summer Birding is in full force - This affords many opportunities to view the changeover in species with the arrival of many species of warblers, tanagers, our Summer resident hawks and owls (bats too!).    And at the Casa we feature  our home made pies each afternoon.  Join us for an  getaway with temperate Summer weather, sunny hikes, and fabulous birding! (Remember that we are 20 dgrees cooler than Phoenix, and 10 degrees cooler than Tucson - so it is possible to come to SE Arizona and Survive in the Summer!) August is a great month to join us for optimal birding!  HINT: our local birding festival features a  Birding Festival the first week of August - so they must know when to schedule their festival for the optimal time to find the birds they want to highlight - for both the start of the reverse migration and for viewing our Summer residents.  So we Summer-ize that it is the best time for YOU to come to visit as well! Upcoming events Breakfast About Us footer Email Facebook Google Plus   Casa de San Pedro Bed and Breakfast 8933 S. Yell Lane Hereford, AZ 85615, USA (520) 366-1300, Toll Free: (888) 257-2050 EMAIL: BEDANDBIRDS@GMAIL.COM A Naturalist Haven! Here you can view 355 species of birds and hundreds of butterflies. Experts agree Casa de San Pedro is one of the most romantic Arizona getaways and the most upscale Southern Arizona Bed and Breakfast. Naturalists, bird watchers, history buffs and environmentalists herald the inn as a world-class accommodation with a heart. One seasoned travel writer exclaimed that the Casa is "90 miles from Tucson, but only inches from Heaven." We are committed to ADA compliance. Read our accessibility statement Home   |   About   |   Rooms   |   Breakfast   |   Specials   |   Area   |   Reservations   |   Contact Us   |   Site Map Cart Styles Copyright © 2007-2019 - Casa de San Pedro Bed and Breakfast Website by BnBwebsites 43-page3.tpl 