Berney/Fly Bed & Breakfast in Mobile, Alabama 43-page3.tpl Accessibility stuff Skip Navigation Website Accessibility column0_components 251.405.0949 innkeeper@berneyflybedandbreakfast.com CHECK AVAILABILITY Make Reservation navigation Brand and toggle get grouped for better mobile display Toggle navigation ☰ Menu span class="navbar-brand visible-xs-block" data-toggle="collapse" href="#">Menu</span Collect the nav links, forms, and other content for toggling Home About Us About Policies Accommodations Things to Do Area Attractions Local Restaurants Local Events Contact Us Accessibility stuff column2_components Indicators Wrapper for slides Controls Previous Next Berney/Fly B&B in Mobile, AL Book now A Mobile Bed & Breakfast Inn... Stay in One of Mobile Alabama's Most Beautiful Historic Homes Berney Fly Bed and Breakfast, built in 1858 through 1895 in three sections , located on the beautiful aligned Like Oaks trees Government Street in the Historic Oakleigh Garden District  in the Historic Port City, Mobile, Alabama, just minutes from some of Mobile’s museums, restaurants, and attractions including the annual Mobile Mardi Gras parades and balls during the three weeks prior to Fat Tuesday or the day before Ash Wednesday, during the months of last part of January to the first weeks of March. Our bed and breakfast is beautifully restored to its Queen Anne Victorian heritage and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. Upon arrival and after check-in with the Innkeeper in the late afternoon or early evening, explore the main house in the common rooms, or put your feet up as you sit on the wrap around porch sipping a glass of sweet tea on the porch swing or take a dip in the outdoor swimming pool and Jacuzzi, surrounded by landscaped lush sub-tropical gardens, or walk in the local neighborhoods and downtown with Historic Homes and Structures to locally owned restaurants and bars. Wake up in your appointed bedroom  and enjoy yourself to a delicious full hot breakfast, then spend your morning or afternoon enjoying a local historic tour, visiting the USS Alabama Battleship or Bellingrath Gardens and Home. Stay a night or two or more, since many opportunities to explore in the Historic Port City of Mobile, the Mobile Bay, and the Gulf of Mexico. About Us Berney/Fly Bed & Breakfast was built in 1858 through 1895 in three sections... About us details Accommodations Choose from one of three beautifully appointed rooms. Then relax in our spa and pool... View Accommodations Things to Do So many places to explore! The Historic Port City of Mobile offers opportunities to tour the Mobile Bay and the Gulf of Mexico... View things to do footer Berney/Fly Bed & Breakfast  |  1118 Government St, Mobile, Alabama 36604  |  251.405.0949  |  innkeeper@berneyflybedandbreakfast.com We are committed to ADA compliance. Read our accessibility statement Home   |   About Us   |   Accommodations   |   Things to Do   |   Contact Us   |   Site Map Cart Styles Copyright © 2007-2019 - Benz LLC dba Berney Fly Bed and Breakfast Bed and Breakfast Website Design by BnBwebsites 43-page3.tpl 