Black Forest Lodge - (909) 866-2166 START REVOLUTION SLIDER 4.6.0 fullwidth mode SLIDE MAIN IMAGE LAYERS LAYER NR. 1 SLIDE MAIN IMAGE LAYERS LAYER NR. 1 SLIDE MAIN IMAGE LAYERS LAYER NR. 1 END REVOLUTION SLIDER BLACK FOREST LODGE | (909) 866-2166 Menu Home Accommodations About Us Location Map Make Reservation Our one of a kind lodge offers cozy honeymoon cabins Spa Suites - Honeymoon Cabins - Wood Burning Fireplaces Truly the most Bavarian setting Big Bear has to offer. Our one of a kind lodge offers cozy honeymoon cabins and spa suites with large two-person spa tubs in front of gas or wood burning fireplace, and affordable motel units for two to four people as well as large family chalets. We have the most diverse accommodations to fit any size group or budget. We offer Big Bear Lodging specials, and Big Bear Cabin discounts. Our Winter Ski Packages include a full day lift ticket to Bear Mountain or Snow Summit Resort and one or two nights lodging. BEGIN FILTERS BAR All Categories 1 Bedroom 2 Bedroom 3 Bedroom Cabins Condos Fireplace Full Kitchen Handicap Accessible Sleeps 2 Sleeps 4 Sleeps 6 Vacation Homes END FILTERS BAR the container Family Chalet See More Photos more info in grid Family Chalet 3 Bedroom Fireplace Full Kitchen See More Photos more info in grid the container the container Large Spa Studio See More Photos more info in grid Large Spa Studio 3 Bedroom Fireplace See More Photos more info in grid the container the container Spa Suites See More Photos more info in grid Spa Suites Fireplace Sleeps 2 See More Photos more info in grid the container the container Spa Cabins See More Photos more info in grid Spa Cabins Fireplace Sleeps 2 See More Photos more info in grid the container the container Queen Motel See More Photos more info in grid Queen Motel 1 Bedroom Sleeps 2 See More Photos more info in grid the container the container La Honton Cabin See More Photos more info in grid La Honton Cabin 2 Bedroom Cabins Fireplace Full Kitchen Sleeps 6 See More Photos more info in grid the container the container Lakefront Condo See More Photos more info in grid Lakefront Condo 2 Bedroom Condos Fireplace Full Kitchen Sleeps 6 See More Photos more info in grid the container the container Erwin House See More Photos more info in grid Erwin House Full Kitchen Vacation Homes See More Photos more info in grid the container the container Pine Top Retreat See More Photos more info in grid Pine Top Retreat Fireplace Full Kitchen Vacation Homes See More Photos more info in grid the container the container Handicap Accessible See More Photos more info in grid Handicap Accessible Handicap Accessible Sleeps 2 Sleeps 4 See More Photos more info in grid the container Black Forest Lodge - Big Bear Lake Black Forest Lodge also offers a summer pool and seasonal outdoor spa as well as our children's playground. A small meeting room (capacity up to 40 people) is available for meetings, retreats or scrapbooking. Please call for current room rates. You can also visit our on site Salon, Spa at Black Forest. Pamper yourself, work on your tan, get your nails done or even a new hair-do. All right here at the Black Forest Lodge! Handicap Accessible *3 night min. on holidays We have multiple rooms ranging from king beds with fireplace to 2 queen beds and a fireplace microwave and refrigerator. Enjoy the spectacular garden and mountain views. Photos are not specific to room made at time … [Read more] Pine Top Retreat Coming Soon! … [Read more] Erwin House This recently renovated house is great for family getaways. Coming Soon! … [Read more] Lakefront Condo This luxury condo on the lake, 1.4 miles away from Big Bear Lake Village and a big living room and full kitchen. The complex also has a indoor heated pool and Jacuzzi where kids can hang out. The location of condo is great on the summer and winter … [Read more] La Honton Cabin This is a brand new luxury log cabin , centrally located , only a couple blocks away from the lake and the ski resorts , close to restaurants and village, it is really spacious, a big living room , and also has a loft where kids can hang out or if … [Read more] Queen Motel *3 night min. on holidays Our Queen Motel rooms include one queen bed, gas fireplaceThe private bathroom has a tub/shower combination. Spectacular garden and mountain views. Make Reservation … [Read more] Spa Cabins *3 night min. on holidays Our Spa Cabins feature one queen bed or king bed, Spa tub, wood burning fireplace or gas, fridge, wet bar and 3/4 bath and private deck. Make Reservation … [Read more] Spa Suites *3 night min. on holidays Our Spa Suites include a king or queen bed. Spa tub in front of gas fireplace, natural wood bar w/sink & fridge, full bath, indoor ceiling fan and outdoor deck area. Make Reservation … [Read more] Large Spa Studio *2 night min. on holidays Jacuzzi in front of gas fireplace, 1 king bed, 2 queen beds, wet bar, small refrigerator and microwave. Make Reservation … [Read more] Family Chalet *4 night min. on holidays Chalet with open floor plan. Living room area with wood burning fireplace, full kitchen & full bath. Sleeping loft has two queen beds side by side. There is one queen bed downstairs. 2-story with loft. Make … [Read more] BEGIN FILTERS BAR END FILTERS BAR the container Family Chalet See More Photos more info in grid Family Chalet 3 Bedroom Fireplace Full Kitchen See More Photos more info in grid the container the container Large Spa Studio See More Photos more info in grid Large Spa Studio 3 Bedroom Fireplace See More Photos more info in grid the container the container Spa Suites See More Photos more info in grid Spa Suites Fireplace Sleeps 2 See More Photos more info in grid the container the container Spa Cabins See More Photos more info in grid Spa Cabins Fireplace Sleeps 2 See More Photos more info in grid the container the container Queen Motel See More Photos more info in grid Queen Motel 1 Bedroom Sleeps 2 See More Photos more info in grid the container the container La Honton Cabin See More Photos more info in grid La Honton Cabin 2 Bedroom Cabins Fireplace Full Kitchen Sleeps 6 See More Photos more info in grid the container the container Lakefront Condo See More Photos more info in grid Lakefront Condo 2 Bedroom Condos Fireplace Full Kitchen Sleeps 6 See More Photos more info in grid the container the container Erwin House See More Photos more info in grid Erwin House Full Kitchen Vacation Homes See More Photos more info in grid the container the container Pine Top Retreat See More Photos more info in grid Pine Top Retreat Fireplace Full Kitchen Vacation Homes See More Photos more info in grid the container the container Handicap Accessible See More Photos more info in grid Handicap Accessible Handicap Accessible Sleeps 2 Sleeps 4 See More Photos more info in grid the container Check In time: 2 pm Check Out time: 11 am Cancellations must be made 7 days prior to scheduled arrival time. Holiday cancellation ..30 days in advance All rates are subject to availability. About Contact Us Location / Map Rental Cottages Book Now! 41121 Big Bear Blvd, Big Bear Lake, CA 92315 (909) 866-2166 Reservations Contact Map / Directions Copyright © 2019 Black Forest Lodge - Big Bear Lake · Log in For hotel room reservations that require handicap accessibility please call us directly so we can better server your needs. (909) 866-2166 