Home - Black Robin Homestays Site Titele and Description Goes Here Relax in style Site Main Menu Goes Here Home About Us Accommodation Contact Us Galleries Guestbook header-content header Comfortable and modern homestay accommodation Black Robin Homestays Your first choice for accommodation on the Chatham Islands. Give Eddie and Lynn a call to book your room before you leave home. spectacular Views Looking out across Petrie Bay, from Waitangi Harbour, across to the Red Bluffs and beyond, this view is inspirational. Comfortable and Modern The level of accommodation is far superior to many that you would find in New Zealand. Clean, warm, inviting and comfortable. featured-boxs Amazing Landscapes The Chathams are a canvas of colours and textures and none more so than around the coastal fringes. Walk to the Beach Less than three minutes to one of the most beautiful beaches in New Zealand, Black Robin Homestays is the best location for anyone looking to recharge the batteries, walk, swim or fish. Action and Adventure Stay here for the next Chatham Islands Race meeting. Go fishing, hunting, sightseeing or just relax and unwind. Whatever your need Eddie and Lynn at Black Robin Homestays will sort you out. featured-contents sep Welcome to Black Robin Homestays. Located on the edge of Waitangi, the main town of the Chatham Islands, Black Robin Homestays are one of the longest serving accommodation providers on the islands. Black Robin Homestays is only three minutes walk to the centre of town, the beach, hotel, cafe, bank, store, museum, hardware  store and police station. Visitors are in town, without the traffic noise or ‘crowds’ that you can find at other venues. Take a stroll on the endless expanse of Waitangi beach. Have a fossick around for sharks teeth or edible shellfish. ‘Chillax’ in solitary bliss and then meander back for a sumptuous meal prepared by Lynn. Make sure you have got room, because you are seriously going to enjoy it. Wake in the morning to the sound of native birds and see for yourself just how attractive that beach is with the dawns early light on it. Go for a jog or a walk before breakfast and then tuck in to whatever you need to get you through the day. Visitors are always surprised and impressed with the beauty of this area and how far they can go without bumping into others.   Guests at Black Robin Homestays have a number of accommodation options and at the end of a busy day seeing the sights and scenery of the Chathams, there is also a luxurious spa bath to relax in. After a wonderfully decadent evening meal relax in solitude or come and relax in the lounge and talk with your hosts or sit outside on the deck and admire the million dollar views over the harbour and beach. Call Lynn and Eddie for a quote for your next stay at Black Robin Homestays and see for yourself why people choose to stay there, again and again. Enjoy the hospitality, the homeliness and the atmosphere at Black Robin Homestays. Black Robin Homestays; quiet, comfortable home-style accommodation. sep conttainer footer © 2019: Black Robin Homestays | Travel Theme by: D5 Creation | Powered by: WordPress ngg_resource_manager_marker Custom Facebook Feed JS 