Thai Beachfront Hotel in Chaweng | Blue Lagoon Hotel | Chaweng Beach body start html embeds start body start html embeds end Home Rooms Contact More Book Now Address 99 Moo 2, Chaweng Beach Bophut, Koh Samui, Surat Thani 84320 Contact info@bluelagoonhotel.com Tel: +66 (0) 77 300 223 Social © Copyright 2019 Chaweng Bluelagoon Beach Resort | Social sustainability policy SUN. SAND. SEA. A life by the sun, sand & sea seems like a dream to me. You hear the waves crashing, you feel the sand squish slowly through your toes. Off in the distance the sun begins to set in a sleepy unhurried fashion. Gently descending into the cold dark sky, the sun glows vibrantly with delight. The intense colours fill the sky with warmth. The sea so subtle sparkles preciously brushing up against the seashore. The crystal waters stretch out far into the horizon getting darker and deeper. The ripples are gentle. As though walking on a land of gold, the sand so soft, so smooth glistens as it reflects the suns rays. A truly beautiful sight. ​ You take a moment to gaze at what nature has to offer. Wow, what a view. You breathe in the salty air and feel the breeze in your hair. You are at peace, calm, relaxed and understand that exactly this is one of life’s greatest pleasures. CHAWENG BLUE LAGOON HOTEL Chaweng Blue Lagoon Hotel is a beach front resort located on the famous and beautiful Chaweng beach Koh Samui Thailand, only a short walk away from the many entertainment spots, restaurants and shopping centers of Chaweng and a fifteen-minute drive from Samui International Airport. The  Hotel offers the very best location to suit all tastes. Whether you want to get away from it all and relax in our tranquil surroundings or shop till you drop. Beachfront Villa with Sea View Family Suite Beachfront Villa with Sea View 1/11 Our Bedrooms It is important to us that our guest are able to experience and immerse themselves in Thai culture. This is why our accommodation and facilities reflect the culture and architecture of Thailand. Enjoy a taste of tropical Thai living, surrounded by lush tropical gardens and sweeping ocean views and immerse yourself in a holiday of rest and relaxation.  Find out more Our Facilities Wether you’re getting a massage at our garden & beach spa, dining at our beachfront restaurant or joining us for a coffee or cocktail at our beach bar, our facilities are all-day destinations. Our restaurants and bars are open to one and all, serving coffee, food and cocktails morning til late.  Find out more Garden Library Beach 1/10 78E76120-29CC-48AE-86D0-933486583B84 1/1 See & Do The most famous of all the islands in Thailand is Koh Samui, a beautiful island that is famed for its stunning palm tree edged beaches and crystal clear water. There really is something for everyone on this paradise island in Thailand, a perfect mix of lazy beach days and adventurous island excursions.  Find out more CONTACT US 99 Moo 2, Chaweng Beach Bophut, Koh Samui, Surat Thani 84320 info@bluelagoonhotel.com  |  Tel:  +66 (0) 77 300 223 Send No Footer body end html embeds start body end html embeds end 