Blue Horizon Hotel| Boutique Vancouver Hotel on Robson St. in Vancouver's West End Blue Horizon Hotel Smart Urban Home Rooms Standard One Queen Two Queen King King Plus Superior Queen Two Queen Two Queen Water View King King Plus Water View Executive King Plus Private Bedroom Suites Hotel Policies & Notices Summer Time Facilities Meeting + Banquet Rooms Pool + Fitness Area Business Centre ABODE Catering Out + About The Community Events Bike Program Gallery Social Holiday Experience at the Blue Summer is Here Contact FAQ Our History Directions Modify/Cancel Reservation Book a Room Book a Room We are an independent Boutique hotel located on Robson Street downtown Vancouver. All guest rooms are corner rooms with balconies. Our amenities include WiFi, bath robes, docking stations, in-room safes, 2 telephones, pay per-view movies and much more. Most of our guest rooms have newly designed walk-in showers. Only a few have bathtubs and are on a request basis. Our Pool + Fitness Area is a great place to start your day or unwind after a day of exploring. The ABODE lobby restaurant is open every day and serves fresh local cuisine.  The hotel is Eco-friendly and rated 4 green keys out of 5. Our friendly staff assure you of a warm and comfortable stay. We are rated 4 Green Key Blue Horizon Hotel EBrochure :  L.A. Times Travel News  article June 15, 2017: AAA  Top 10 Summer Destinations .  The Blue Horizon Hotel in Vancouver rated number #2 ! No upcoming events Amazing views from your balcony > More Robson Street Vancouver's most famous shopping district Abode Location Location Location Our Story The Blue Horizon Hotel is one of Vancouver’s favourite landmarks. Built on a rise, it was the tallest building in Vancouver and its rooftop beacons guided planes in at night. > Read More Blog Learn about #RobsonLife, downtown and the West End communities through the eyes of the Blue Horizon. > Read More Functions In town for a business meeting? Or looking to host an event or require catering? Look no further than our Summit Meeting + Banquet rooms on the 31st floor with million-dollar views here at the Blue Horizon Hotel. With catering supplied by ABODE Restaurant, you’ll be set. > Read More Cookery Comfort + Cookery + Coffee describe ABODE Restaurant’s fantastic comfort food, specialty coffee and a warm and inviting environment. Perfect after a long day out on shopping on Robson Street... > Read More Bike Program Ask our front desk about how to get a discount with Spokes Bicycle Rentals. Take a tour of the seawall for a romantic view of English Bay, Stanley Park, Coal Harbour and False Creek. > Read More Blue Horizon Gallery Social Holiday Experience at the Blue FAQ Summer at the Blue Standard Superior Private Bedroom Suites Meeting & Banquet Rooms Business Centre Hotel Policies & Notices Modify/Cancel Reservation ABODE Catering Out + About Pool + Fitness Area The Community Events Bike Program Contact Our History Directions Departments About Us The Blue Horizon Hotel is located on Robson Street, Vancouver's eating, shopping and entertainment hub. Nestled between downtown and the West End, enjoy some of Vancouver’s finest views in most of the Hotel's 31 stories. Tel: 604-688-1411 Fax: 604-688-4461 Blue Horizon Hotel 1225 Robson Street Vancouver , BC V6E 1C3 © 2019 Blue Horizon Hotel. All rights reserved. Terms and conditions Facebook Twitter Pinterest Instagram Trip Advisor 