Myrtle Beach Rentals | Myrtle Beach Vacation Rentals, Long Term Rentals & Sales Google Tag Manager (noscript) End Google Tag Manager (noscript) Start of search popup Search this site × End of search popup Favorites | Contact Us | Call Today 800.845.0647 Remove the class "menu-icon" to get rid of menu icon. Take out "Menu" to just have icon alone Vacation Rentals Advanced Search All Properties Specials Complexes Popular Searches Shore Drive Rentals Pet Friendly Rentals Oceanfront Rentals Winter Rentals Vacation Homes Condo Rentals Rental Policies & Info Last Minute Bids EZ Pay Payments Guest Login Long Term Rentals Long Term Rental Search All Long Term Rentals Long Term Rental Policies & Info Contact Us Tenant Login Sales Real Estate Search Featured Listings Sales Agent Relocation Guide Sellers Information Contact Sales Rental Property Management Vacation Rental Management Long Term Rental Management Myrtle Beach Maintenance List With Us Annual Owners Vacation Rental Owners Owner Login Area Info Concierge Events About Myrtle Beach Pet Info Local Weather About Us About Booe Realty How to Get Here Rental Property Management Blog Contact Us Your browser does not support the video tag. Find a Myrtle Beach Vacation Rental Vacation Specials Pet Friendly View All Homes View All Condos Myrtle Beach Vacation Rentals Click to Learn More » Myrtle Beach Vacation Rentals & Long Term Rentals Celebrating Over 40 Years of Service to the Myrtle Beach Area Welcome to sunny Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. Offering miles and miles of sandy beaches and stunning views, Booe Realty invites you to explore the beauty of Myrtle Beach on your next family vacation. Booe Realty has proudly served the Myrtle Beach and Grand Strand area since 1971, providing an array of beautiful vacation homes and condo rentals in the Myrtle Beach and North Myrtle Beach area. Our mission is to provide you with the dream Myrtle Beach vacation experience along with excellent customer service. On the hunt for your Myrtle Beach vacation rental? Well look no further! Booe Realty offers a wide array of vacation rental homes and condos. Choose from rentals located on the popular Shore Drive , bring your furry companion to one of our pet-friendly rentals , wake up to an ocean view with one of our oceanfront rentals , and more! We have a variety of vacation rentals for you and your family to choose from. Begin your search now ! Looking to make the beach your home? The Booe Realty sales team are trusted local experts. With decades of combined experience in the Myrtle Beach area, we are dedicated to helping you find your dream home so you can live like a local. Come on down and enjoy the warm southern sunshine and southern hospitality that Myrtle Beach has to offer and experience the special place we call home. We'll see you on the beach! Begin your Search Today Booe's News Happy 2019 Summer Season!! The long-awaited for summer season is just around the corner and there are so many events that our beautiful beach community has to offer this time of the year. There will hot summer nights, fireworks and festivals! Whether you like to shag to the great Carolina Beach music or fish in the abundant Atlantic Ocean, Myrtle Beach has something for everyone of all ages!! The weather is hot (sometimes real hot) and the sun is shining! Our beautiful wide open beaches are waiting for your feet to hit the sand. Take advantage of Booe Realty’s vast array of vacation rentals that are suitable for any budget. We are waiting here for you and your family to join in all the fun! Come see why us Myrtle Beach locals love to call this wonderful piece of South Carolina our home! We have made a lot of enhancements, added more properties and cannot wait to show them off to you! As you peruse the website, please reach out to us with any questions. Check out our listings and book the perfect property today for your place in the sun!! Partial Stays are Back! Majority of our Myrtle Beach Rentals only have a 3-night minimum! Want to get the best price? Stop Clicking Around, Book Direct and Save! Find Out Why ﻿ Interactive Brochure » Guest/Tenant Login » Owner Login » Sign Up To Receive Deals & Savings! 7728 N. Kings Highway Myrtle Beach, SC 29572 Phone 800-845-0647 Local 843-449-4477 Fax 843-449-8193 Email Us       ADVANCED SEARCH ABOUT BOOE REALTY SPECIALS CONTACT US LONG TERM RENTAL SEARCH SITEMAP REAL ESTATE SEARCH PRIVACY POLICY ﻿ Follow Us BEGIN FACEBOOK PLUGIN Booe Realty END FACEBOOK PLUGIN Copyright 2019 Booe Realty. All Rights Reserved Website Design & Development by Visual Data Systems Before you go... Don't miss out on: Special Offers Upcoming Events New Properties Sign Up To Receive Deals & Savings! × × Back to Top 