Brandon Mountain Cottage | Cloghane, Dingle Peninsula, Ireland Brandon Mountain Cottage Cloghane, Dingle Peninsula, Ireland #branding Skip to content Home About Availability Contact Us Customer Testimonials Local Activities Photos Rates #access #masthead #header Posted on March 21, 2012 by lindauineill .entry-meta RECOMMENDED BY Cloghane and Brandon—a little piece of Utopia hiding on the Dingle Peninsula, as noted by The Lonely Planet . Situated in tranquil surroundings overlooking Brandon Bay, Cloghane and Brandon are tucked in at the base of Mount Brandon. Here, an exhilarating blend of mountains, sea, and beaches entice visitors to linger, often longer than planned. Described by National Geographic as “the most beautiful place on Earth,” the area offers a range of attractions, activities, and services. Brandon Mountain Cottage is a self-catering rental cottage on the northwest coast of the Dingle Peninsula in Cloghane, Ireland. On the northern side of the Dingle Peninsula, the Cloghane/Brandon region is one of the most beautiful spots in the world. The cottage is 70 km from Killarney and is just over the Conor Pass from Dingle. The area is known for its fabulous walks of all levels, world-class surfing, beach-combing, and local artists. We offer a free meet and greet service and welcome pack. We also offer free advice and planning help for local activities. The house is about 600m from Cappagh Beach and is at the foot of Mount Brandon, the second highest mountain in Ireland.  It is 13km from Dingle, 2km from Brandon Village, which has pubs, food and a lovely pier, and 2km from Cloghane Village, where there are pubs, food and a local shop for groceries, including many local goodies. The shop is also home to Bácús, a Bridgestone Award-winning bakery. Cloghane is about a four-hour drive from Dublin, two hours from Shannon and Cork airports, and about an hour from Killarney. We are just over the Conor Pass from Dingle and a half-hour drive from Tralee. There’s no better place in Ireland to spend a relaxing holiday vacation. GPS coordinates: 52°14’56″N 10°10’22″W .entry-content Posted in Uncategorized | 1 Comment .entry-utility #post-## #content #container Like us on Facebook! Like us on Facebook! #primary .widget-area #main Brandon Mountain Cottage #site-info Blog at WordPress.com. #site-generator #colophon #footer #wrapper Post to Cancel 