Brian Head Utah Vacation Rental Cabin - Our Vacation Rentals - Home and Cabin Rentals in Island Park, Idaho Brian Head, Utah, and Newport, Oregon HOME BRIAN HEAD UT Brian Head Cozy Cabin Brian Head 4-Bedroom Cabin Brian Head Cabin Combo ISLAND PARK ID HUALAPAI MOUNTAIN AZ BULLHEAD AZ Bullhead Mobile Home Bullhead Riverfront Vacation Rental RESERVATIONS Download Rental Contract Make a Payment Terms and Conditions Cancellation Policy CONTACT .fl-page-header-fixed (702) 275-3109 CALL FOR YOUR RESERVATION!  .fl-page-bar HOME BRIAN HEAD UT Brian Head Cozy Cabin Brian Head 4-Bedroom Cabin Brian Head Cabin Combo ISLAND PARK ID HUALAPAI MOUNTAIN AZ BULLHEAD AZ Bullhead Mobile Home Bullhead Riverfront Vacation Rental RESERVATIONS Download Rental Contract Make a Payment Terms and Conditions Cancellation Policy CONTACT .fl-page-header Brian Head Vacation Cabin Request a Reservation Request Reservation Your Best Choice for Lodging in Brian Head DESCRIPTION LOCATION AMENITIES ACTIVITIES RESERVE NOW DESCRIPTION Our newly remodeled Brian Head cabin rental is located close to the center of town on the ski shuttle route with easy access to ATV trails, snowmobile trails and bike trails. The cabin has four bedrooms; all located on the second floor, two with king size beds one with a queen size bed and one with a queen bed and a double bed. There are three full baths, all have new fixtures and tile floors. One is on the first floor with a jetted tub and the other two are on the second floor. The master bedroom has a fireplace with a 32" HD TV above . The master bath has a jetted tub with a shower above and two sinks. The exterior door from the master bedroom opens to a large covered deck with a six person hot tub with views of the meadows and sunsets The living room has a gas fireplace, 50" HD TV with a VCR, CD changer. The family / dinning room has a queen size sofa bed, a 40" HD TV, and stereo, with speakers to the exterior decks, another gas fireplace and a dinning table with seating for twelve. This room has two sliding glass doors that open to a large patio with a Barbeque and seating area. The new kitchen with granite counter tops is fully equipped with an electric range,larger refrigerator with an ice maker, and a microwave and all small appliances needed to prepare that special meal. All cooking utensils are provided as well as paper goods, soaps and linens. For smaller groups please consider our two bedroom cabin located next door.  LOCATION Brian Head, Utah 30 miles to Cedar City 200 miles to Las Vegas 400 miles to Phoenix 460 miles to Los Angeles 241 miles to Salt Lake City, Utah AMENITIES Fireplace Satalite TV VCR Stereo Microwave Dishwasher Full kitchen Washer Dryer No pets allowed Linens provided Cookware and utensils provided Gas BBQ ACTIVITIES On-site or nearby: Downhill skiing Cross country skiing Hiking Biking Fishing Hunting Wildlife viewing Horseback riding Golf  Shopping Snowmobile rentals ATV Rentals RESERVE NOW Brian Head 4-Bedroom Cabin Availability: Select Your Dates: PLEASE CALL TO CONFIRM AVAILABILITY BEFORE BOOKING Required fields are followed by * Check-in Date * Check-out Date * Reserve 1 of 1 available accommodations. Brian Head 4-Bedroom Rental Cabin is available for selected dates. Photo Tour Brian Head Cabin Rate Information SELECT THE RESERVE NOW TAB ABOVE TO MAKE YOUR RESERVATION Winter rates $250/night (Nov 26 thru Apr 15)  Summer rates $200/night Holidays $350/night (Thanksgiving, Christmas Season, Presidents Day Weekend. Three night minimum stay) . $150.00 NON-REFUNDABLE cleaning fee $200.00 Refundable security deposit 14% local tax will be applied No added booking fee when reserved on our site! Others Who Have Gone: This place was amazing! We definitely enjoyed our time at this cabin. The view was great. And even though it was raining, the cabin was cozy and just what we needed. Thanks so much to Gary for his kindness and for allowing us the pleasure of being here. Definitely stay there if you go to Brian Head! Linda H. Brian Head 4-Bedroom Cabin We love this house!!! It has everything that you need!! We stay for Labor Day Weekend it was the most amazing experience!! The house has all privacy that you may need!! Definitely we will stay again and recommend to our friends. NADIA R. from Las Vegas Brian Head 4-Bedroom Cabin Best. Cabin. Ever. Seriously this cabin was absolutely phenomenal. There are so many amazing things to talk about, so I will narrow down to my top favorites. One. The cabin layout is perfect. We had 8 people total stay there and everyone was comfortable and had plenty of space... Two. Hot tub is easily the best idea ever. Three. So close to the slopes. We took a truck with all of our gear and it took us 2 minutes to get there... Four. Seriously, just rent this place, it doesn't get any better than this. The owner was super accommodating and very friendly. We all look forward to going back as soon as possible. Calinia H. Brian Head 4-Bedroom Cabin Pictures DONT do justice!! This cabin is located a 2 minute drive to Navajo ski lifts. Hot tub was amazing. The 2 jetted tubs are new and work great. Looking forward to staying here next winter Jordan C. Brian Head 4-Bedroom Cabin Perfect! The pictures dont do this place justice. Very roomy 4 bedroom cabin, 2 serperate living rooms, hot tub, large/well stocked kitchen, nice fireplaces. Plenty of room and extremely close to the ski resort. We rented this cabin and the small A-Frame next door from the same owners. Plenty of room for 14 people. We had 6 adults and 6 kids in the main cabin and it did not feel crowded. The owners were very nice and easy to work with. They even arraged to have my sons teddy bear sent back to us after accidently left it there. Highy recommended!! Leif N. Brian Head 4-Bedroom Cabin Perfect! The pictures dont do this place justice. Very roomy 4 bedroom cabin, 2 serperate living rooms, hot tub, large/well stocked kitchen, nice fireplaces. Plenty of room and extremely close to the ski resort. We rented this cabin and the small A-Frame next door from the same owners. Plenty of room for 14 people. We had 6 adults and 6 kids in the main cabin and it did not feel crowded. The owners were very nice and easy to work with. They even arraged to have my sons teddy bear sent back to us after accidently left it there. Highy recommended!! Leif N. Brian Head 4-Bedroom Cabin Wow! Amazing family cabin! Large family cabin with plenty of space! The kitchen is stocked better than my own at home! We stayed with two families including teenagers and school aged children. We never felt crowded. I loved all the fire places throughout the cabin. The deck was fantastic! I wish were were there in the summer to enjoy the outdoor decks even more. The hot tub is directly off the master bedroom on the upper deck. There is a door from the master bedroom and from the hall so people don't have to go through the bedroom to get outside. Everything was very clean and ready to go. Ample parking. Being a Utah local and taking ski vacations all over the state each year, I have to say this place is our new favorite! I'd love to come back and enjoy it during the off season! Ray & Maryann from Woods Cross, UT Brian Head 4-Bedroom Cabin Loved this place! This large cabin was perfect for our family of 6. We were thoroughly comfortable during our entire stay. The location is super close to the ski area and our kids loved playing in the deep snow around the cabin. Gary was very responsive whenever I needed to contact him. We loved our time here and highly recommend it for a family vacation. Rebecca O. Brian Head 4-Bedroom Cabin Dream come true!!!!! This was the nicest place I've ever stayed, EVER!!!! From the cozy downstairs to the beautiful articitecture.. 6 person hot tub outside, jacuzzi tubs in 2/3 bathrooms... Heat lamps outside, fire Rock gas pit.... Fire place in the master bedroom.... It is a DREAM!!!! Pictures do NOT do this place justice!!! I'm counting the seconds until I can return again for some more amazing memories here!!!! Kami H. Brian Head 4-Bedroom Cabin The cabin was awesome We loved how close to the resort it was and how unique the decorations were. Jan G. Brian Head 4-Bedroom Cabin No Smoking  •  Pets Allowed With Notice Take your dream vacation at one of our fine rental properties. For more information and rates on any of our properties, select from the options above, call or use the form below to send a message. Thank you for your interest. For questions or comments, please use the information below. We look forward to having you stay in our vacation homes! PHONE HOURS: Monday-Saturday 7a-7p VACATION COMMUNITIES: Brian Head, Utah; Island Park, Idaho; Bullhead City, Arizona; Hualapai Mountain, Arizona CALL DIXIE OR GARY: 1-888-200-4988 (OFFICE) 702-275-3109 (MOBILE) EMAIL: gary@our-vacation-rentals.com Thank you for your interest. For questions or comments, please use the information below. We look forward to having you stay in our vacation homes! PHONE HOURS: Monday-Saturday 7a-7p VACATION COMMUNITIES: Brian Head, Utah; Island Park, Idaho; Bullhead City, Arizona; Hualapai Mountain, Arizona CALL DIXIE OR GARY: 1-888-200-4988 (OFFICE) 702-275-3109 (MOBILE) EMAIL: gary@ovacr.com Name Please enter your name. Email Please enter a valid email. Phone Please enter a valid phone number. Your Message Please enter a message. Send Your Message Message Sent! Message failed. Please try again. Kingman, AZ Hualapai Mtn Brian Head, UT Cozy Cabin Island Park, ID Cabin Rental Bullhead, AZ Riverfront Bullhead, AZ Mobile Home Kingman, AZ Hualapai Mtn Island Park, ID Cabin Rental Bullhead, AZ Riverfront Bullhead, AZ Mobile Home .fl-post-content .fl-post .fl-page-content © 2019 OUR VACATION RENTALS - Vacation Rentals at Brian Head UT, Island Park ID, Bullhead AZ & Hualapai Mountain AZ  |  Website by Concert Commerce .fl-page-footer .fl-page #tmpl-fl-node-template-block 