Tailor-made Private Tours to Discover Your Asia | Buffalo Tours Enquire Now Home Destination Vietnam Thailand Indonesia Cambodia Japan Malaysia & Borneo Singapore Laos Hong Kong Myanmar China India Multi-Country Travel Style Active Beach Escapes Beyond the Classics Culinary Day Trips Family Highlights of Asia Local Life Nature & Wildlife Cruises of Asia MICE EDUCATIONAL TRAVEL ABOUT US LEARNING JOURNEYS WHERE WE WORK CONTACT BET Partners Asia Outdoors The BT Difference Our Promises Our Team Responsible Travel Careers Blog Enquire Now Buffalo Tours Tailor-Made Journeys to Discover Your Asia Plan your holiday Changing Lives Through Travel At Buffalo Tours, we specialise in tailor-made, guided tours to Vietnam, Cambodia, Thailand, Myanmar, Laos, China, Hong Kong, Singapore, Malaysia, Indonesia and Japan, as well as multi-country tours across the region. We offer an expansive portfolio of tours carefully crafted to showcase the very best of Asia. Our travel experts create tailor-made travel packages to match all your travel preferences and needs. Why Buffalo? When it comes to extraordinary travel experiences in Asia, we are the experts. With dedicated teams and offices in each of our destination countries and over 24 years of experience building unforgettable holidays, we are a travel companion with a difference. 6000+ Products 500+ Travel Specialists 11 Countries 1 Buffalo Tours Inspiring Activities A hand-picked selection of our favourites from our in destination experts All Local Life Saigon Street Eats    Ho Chi Minh City , and more. This local street eats walking tour has been designed to enable you to enjo... See More Bangrak Cultural Foodie Walk    Bangkok , and more. Journey through Bangkok’s fascinating history. Wander the colourful soi, or... See More Sanur Sunrise Cycling    Sanur , and more. Explore the very best of Sanur in the early morning on a sunrise cycling ad... See More Local Life in the Countryside    Chansor village , and more. Get a taste of rural Cambodia on this captivating day in the countryside. E... See More Trusted by over 600,000 customers worldwide Thanks very much for arranging a very enjoyable tour of Vietnam. We had a great time and all of the guides were very helpful and responsible. All went quite smoothly. We very much appreciate the choices you made for the tour. Dan from United States I arranged a one day tour of HCMC. We wanted to let you know that it was an excellent tour and our guide was outstanding. His English was excellent, he was knowledgeable, and his disposition was very pleasant and friendly. We would recommend him highly to anyone looking for a tour on their visit to Vietnam. Robert - US I want to let you know that we were very impressed by the service given by your company. The drivers were safe, helpful and courteous at all times. Our guides were very good. They was especially easy to understand. We will all recommend Buffalo Tours to our friends. Sally Vogel We just wanted to let you know we had the BEST cruise the guide was amazing and the crew on the boat sensational. Our food was amazing and although we didn’t have the best weather, we certainly had value for money and a memorable trip! Happy to recommend and also stay again ourselves. Davina - Australia I have just returned from a trip with Buffalo Tours to Laos and Cambodia. The trip was a great adventure and I saw and learned a lot. Our tour guides were very competent and great.I would recommend that your company continue to employ his services as he is a great asset to your tour company. Patricia Brower What's Happening in Asia? News, stories and destination updates from across the continent Is Tourism Doing Enough to Help Fight Poverty? 25 January 2018 Responsible Travel in Laos 15 January 2018 The Ultimate Dim Sum Guide 27 November 2017 5 Street Food Tips for Safely Savouring the Flavours of Asia 15 November 2017 The Ultimate Guide to Luxury Travel in Vietnam 30 October 2017 A Guide to Traditional Ryokans in Japan 19 September 2017 Talk to us today We are passionate about creating extraordinary journeys that match your unique travel style. Each and every tour is carefully crafted just for you to experience the very best that Asia has to offer. Get your free quotation Our Associations And we are really proud of them Stay in the know The latest travel tips and insider insights delivered straight to your inbox. First Name Last Name Drop your email address here You have the right to withdraw your consent to this processing your data at any time. Simply click the unsubscribe link at the end of our emails. Buffalo Tours 61 Stamford Road 01-06 Stamford Court 178892 Singapore +84-24-3828-0702 + 84-24-3926-3425 hello@buffalotours.com Useful links Contact Us Careers Privacy Policy © 2018 Buffalo Tours. All rights reserved. 