Byron Bay Accommodation | Oasis Home Special Offers Accommodation Resort Facilities Byron Bay Apartments Treetop Houses with or without Spa Ibis Beach House | Holiday Rental Vue Luxury Beach Houses Byron Bay Wedding Accommodation Byron Bay Group Accommodation Luxury Beach Houses Gallery Why Byron? Byron Bay Weddings Airport Transfers The Oasis Earth Car Rentals Tours & Attractions Blog Contact us 1800 336 129 Book Online Click to Call Us Book Online Home Special Offers Accommodation Resort Facilities Byron Bay Apartments Treetop Houses with or without Spa Ibis Beach House | Holiday Rental Vue Luxury Beach Houses Byron Bay Wedding Accommodation Byron Bay Group Accommodation Luxury Beach Houses Gallery Why Byron? Byron Bay Weddings Airport Transfers The Oasis Earth Car Rentals Tours & Attractions Blog Contact us Byron Bay Apartments Spacious 2 bed, 2 bath, large balcony, full kitchen apartments in a great location. More Info Treetop Holiday Houses with/without Spa Stunning location, unique and special accomodation More Info Ibis Beach House | Holiday Rental Perfect family/group holiday. Spacious accomm and private courtyard garden More Info Vue Luxury Beach Houses Unparralleled contemporary spacious luxury, privacy, spectacular views and location More Info Byron Bay Accommodation Welcome to the Oasis Apartments and Treetop Houses. Byron Bay holiday accommodation for family and friends – set amongst beautiful grounds with resort facilities in a tranquil, relaxed, family friendly environment. We offer fully self contained holiday accommodation and resort facilities on 6 acres of tropical gardens bordered by the natural bush land of Arakwal National Park. Magnificent Tallow Beach is just a short 400 metre walk through the National Park and we are located just 3 minutes south of the heart of Byron Bay. The Oasis  offers the best of Byron. Our lush tropical gardens and resort style facilities provide a quiet haven of bird song  and tranquility yet we are only moments from the vibrancy of the town centre.  So experience the best of both worlds at The Oasis Apartments and Treetop Houses. Call now on 1800 336 129 or contact us to make your reservation – you can read our terms and conditions here. Book Online Now Byron Bay Wedding Accommodation We cater especially for large family and friend groups and are well suited to make your wedding holiday plans a breeze. More Info Byron Bay Accommodation Offers Book direct with the Byron Oasis for the best deals on Byron Bay accommodation. More Info Byron Bay Family Friendly Accommodation At Byron Oasis we offer you a tranquil family friendly holiday accommodation located just minutes from the vibrant centre of town. More Info Last Minute Byron Bay Accommodation Vacancies Your dream winter holiday in Byron Bay can become a reality! Whale season is upon us and Byron Oasis has the perfect accommodation for you.  Each year more and more whales take the trip along our beautiful beaches and you can spot them on your daily stroll along the resort’s closest beach, Tallows, or see […] More Info Why Byron? If you're visiting Byron Bay, be prepared to be spoiled for choice with an abundance of beaches, markets, restaurants, sports and family activities. More Info Menu Home Special Offers Accommodation Resort Facilities Wedding Accommodation Gay friendly Accommodation Gallery Why Byron? Airport Transfers The Oasis Booking Terms & Conditions Contact us Sitemap AWARDS & REVIEWS The Oasis Resort & Treetop Houses ADDRESS 24 Scott Street Byron Bay, NSW 2481 Australia DIRECTIONS [email protected] (02) 6685 7390 NEWSLETTER Enter Email Address We hate spam, and promise 100% privacy. © 2019 . 