Canyon,vacation,rental,property,holiday,home,cabin,chalet,Flagstaff,Arizona ImageReady Slices (cabinaz-1.psd)    Are you ready to rent it or have questions? (602) 369 8582 Clara begin facebook metadata end facebook metadata -the perfect vacation rental in Flagstaff now with Central AC. Picture taken Feb 10, 2009 The Nakai Chalet has 3 bedrooms + Loft, 2 bathrooms and is 2,320 Square feet (Maximum Occupancy: 8) More information Our custom vacation home is located on a hilltop in a quiet residential neighborhood nestled in tall pines, and surrounded by the Coconino National Forest.  The mountain cabin/chalet design with vaulted wood ceilings, hardwood floors, and enormous windows offers a relaxing and inviting outdoor atmosphere. Families looking to escape the city for high quality relaxation and recreation will love our cozy rental cabin.  It is the perfect holiday retreat.  The area offers countless hiking and biking trails, lakes, skiing at Arizona Snowbowl, and easy access to the Grand Canyon and Sedona.  A short 10-minute drive will get you to shops and restaurants in downtown flagstaff and its other attractions. The house is equipped with new solid wood furnishings, and decorated with a rustic southwest décor.  It took us a year and a half to find our dream second home, and you will find out why when you stay at this rental.  Be one of the first to rent this warm home from the proud new owners.  Why to rent a condo when you can rent our dream chalet? Featuring: Quiet location: The property is nestled in natural landscaping of tall pines, and very close to national forest entrances.  It is the perfect holiday lodging for nature lovers and outdoor enthusiasts.  Discover the Coconino national forest, Kachina peaks wilderness, Walnut canyon, Sunset crater, Kendrick peak wilderness and the Grand Canyon. Exceptional great room: The living room has a wonderful array of large windows extending up to a 30 ft vaulted ceiling.  Entertainment includes a pool table, a flat panel TV, DVD player with a DVD library, and stereo,cd player with an IPOD/MP3 connection. Patio: The house’s patio has a large upper deck and a fenced play yard with natural tall pines. More features. Our quiet vacation house/cabin/chalet offers the perfect stay, a great holiday lodging alternative to Grand Canyon. Enjoy the pine trees and mountain air of Northern Arizona when you stay at this exceptional property. Flagstaff, Arizona Home | Location | Bienvenidos | Willkomm | About us | Contact us Got questions? or to make a reservation please call: Clara at 602-369-8582 or email: owners@cabinaz.com End ImageReady Slices 