Home   Caboose Junction Resort - Table Rock Lake Home Rates Main House Cabooses History About Us Contact Us Book Now CABOOSE JUNCTION RESORT BOOK NOW ALL ABOARD THE EXPERIENCE OF A LIFETIME Caboose Junction Resort is located on 9 park-like acres of private paradise on beautiful Table Rock Lake, nestled amongst the rolling hills of southwest Missouri. With space for 38 guests, Caboose Junction provides your large group or family reunion an exciting, one-of-a-kind adventure. A spacious, renovated newer home with 6 bedrooms and 4 bathrooms accommodate 14 guests, and 6 individual antique train cabooses can host up to 24 “passengers”.   Enjoy free amenities.  A four stall private dock with an upper-level jumping/diving platform also includes a fun slide and a swim deck to enjoy. FREE kayaks, canoe, fishing poles, fire pits with free firewood, and comfortable hammocks invite recreation and relaxing amid the gorgeous serenity of Table Rock Lake. The atmosphere of Caboose Junction inspires the joys of family bonding, fun-filled days and memories that will last a lifetime.  When you are searching for an unforgettable experience of history, family fun, and everlasting memories, Caboose Junction Resort is the place! All aboard!  Hear from our guests... "This resort can handle a lot of people with a six bedroom house and six cabooses. We used them all and had a wonderful week. The families that stayed in the cabooses were excited to do something as unique as that experience. The house is beautifully renovated and extremely roomy and comfortable. Having a large private dock with lots of "lake toys" gave us lots of things to do without having to leave the resort. We rented two wave runners for the week and found it very convenient to have a boat launching ramp on site and dock slips in which to park them when not being used. We were pleased to find a ping pong table and a pool table at the house which got a lot of use. We recommend this resort strongly to anyone with a large group."  "Perfect spot for a family reunion of 40! The house was nice but had some issues with the furniture not being real sturdy. The cabooses were fun but rustic. The lake access and amenities made it all so worth it. It was a great week." ​We invite you to stay with us and take a ride into the past, experiencing a true piece of American history. We are one of the most distinctive resorts in the Ozarks, home to some of the most scenic mountains, lakes and rivers, and exciting family entertainment in the U.S. Gracing our resort in the Interior Highlands are six authentic Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway (ATSF) cabooses, some of the last great remnants of our country's proud railroad heritage. For nearly a half-century, these cabooses roamed the rails throughout Kansas, Colorado, Missouri and many other parts of the Southwest and West. After taking one final journey from Wichita, Kansas, to Exeter, Missouri, and then by highway to Table Rock Lake, Lampe, Missouri, the cabooses were retired and converted into charming resort units. Today, families and couples from all across the U.S. come to relax in these nostalgic cabooses and experience all that the area has to offer, including boating, fishing, swimming, water skiing, nature walks, and numerous attractions, including Eureka Springs, Silver Dollar City, Shepherd of the Hills, Branson and much more. ​ Powered by Create your own unique website with customizable templates. Get Started end container end footer-wrap /.wrapper Home Rates Main House Cabooses History About Us Contact Us Book Now 