Historic Carriage Way Inn - St Augustine Bed and Breakfast End Facebook Pixel Code 904-829-2467 BOOK NOW Home Rooms Garnet room Sapphire room Tourmaline room Topaz room Aquamarine room Platinum room Ruby room Tanzanite room Peridot room Amethyst room Emerald room Silver room Gold room Diamond Suite - 2 guests only The Cottage - up to 6 Adults 21+ Things to do Restaurants Events The Inn Carriage Way Inn Bed & Breakfast The Cottage Meet the Inn Owners Photos of the Inn & Area Awards & Reviews In The News St. Augustine History Specials & Packages Gift Certificates Girls Getaway Vacations Horse Drawn Carriage Ride Amenities Contact Us Directions Policies & FAQs menu Home Rooms Garnet room Sapphire room Tourmaline room Topaz room Aquamarine room Platinum room Ruby room Tanzanite room Peridot room Amethyst room Emerald room Silver room Gold room Diamond Suite - 2 guests only The Cottage - up to 6 Adults 21+ Things to do Restaurants Events The Inn Carriage Way Inn Bed & Breakfast The Cottage Meet the Inn Owners Photos of the Inn & Area Awards & Reviews In The News St. Augustine History Specials & Packages Gift Certificates Girls Getaway Vacations Horse Drawn Carriage Ride Amenities Contact Us Directions Policies & FAQs 904-829-2467 BOOK NOW Image may be subject to copyright Voted the Best Bed and Breakfast in St Augustine, Florida! Book Direct for the   Lowest R ates In the Heart of St . Augustine's Historic District In the Heart of St . Augustine's Historic District CARRIAGE WAY INN BED & BREAKFAST When looking for a place to stay for lodging, whether a bed and breakfast or hotel in St Augustine, the Carriage Way is definitely the lodging jewel of this ancient city! We are proud to have the White Glove Housekeeping award. We have convenient off-street parking on-site for all of our guests.  The Carriage Way bed and breakfast is just steps from old St. George Street: home of the walking mall with unique and charming shops, museums, historic St Augustine sites and beautiful views. The St Augustine Historic District is only a 2 minute stroll from the bed and breakfast.  Come Experience St Augustine Florida! St Augustine Florida is the oldest city in the United States! Stay at one of the best bed and breakfasts in St. Augustine! As the oldest city in the United States there is a lot to see and do during your stay. Some of our "must see" favorites are The Castillo de San Marco s , The Lightner Museum , St. Augustine Lighthouse . The Castillo de San Marcos and many forts were part of fighting off pirates and invaders all the way back to the 1600s. The Lightner Museum is such a beautiful building of the Spanish Renaissance era. The St. Augustine Lighthouse is just awesome from the top and has a view of the entire city. The Old Town Trolley makes it easy to see St Augustine and with warm weather year round guests from around the country enjoy a break from cold weather. St Augustine is truly a beautiful history city. We recommend spending at least two to three days. Image may be subject to copyright GUEST ROOMS Image may be subject to copyright SPECIALS GUEST AMENITIES Home Rooms Garnet room Sapphire room Tourmaline room Topaz room Aquamarine room Platinum room Ruby room Tanzanite room Peridot room Amethyst room Emerald room Silver room Gold room Diamond Suite - 2 guests only The Cottage - up to 6 Adults 21+ Privacy Policy Terms of Use Things to do Restaurants Events The Inn Carriage Way Inn Bed & Breakfast The Cottage Meet the Inn Owners Photos of the Inn & Area Awards & Reviews In The News St. Augustine History Specials & Packages Gift Certificates Girls Getaway Vacations Horse Drawn Carriage Ride Amenities Contact Us Directions Policies & FAQs ADA © 2019. All Rights Reserved. Carriage Way Inn Bed & Breakfast 70 Cuna Street, St. Augustine, Florida Bed and Breakfast Website Design & Reservation Software by ResNexus Privacy Policy Terms of Use ADA 