Boutique Hotel Lodging in Cozumel, Quintana Roo Casita de Maya Boutique Hotel US & Canada (818) 855-9116 info@casitademaya.com Check Rates & Availability HOME ACCOMMODATIONS OUR RESTAURANT TRAVELER INFORMATION RATES & RESERVATIONS CONTACT US Boutique Hotel Accommodations on the Tropical Island of Cozumel, Mexico Take Advantage of the Exotic Local Beach Casita de Maya's Restaurant Refresh. Relax. Repeat. Immerse Yourself in Tropical Living While at Cozumel, Mexico Casita de Maya Boutique Hotel is a unique homestyle accommodation that offers a personal and authentic travel experience in the tropical island of Cozumel, Mexico. We aim to give our guests an escapade like you've never had before during your stay with us. Inline Block Space Fix Inline Block Space Fix Inline Block Space Fix Personal Experience Inline Block Space Fix Inline Block Space Fix Inline Block Space Fix Overlay for Style 1 END .front Slide Box Back Boutique hotels generally differentiate themselves from larger chain hotels and motels by providing an exceptional and genuinely personalized level of customer service and accommodation. You can truly feel like you are at home when you book your stay with us. Inline Block Space Fix Inline Block Space Fix Inline Block Space Fix Enchantment Inline Block Space Fix Inline Block Space Fix Inline Block Space Fix Overlay for Style 1 END .front Slide Box Back Surround yourself with striking island sunsets; splendid, secluded sandy beaches; and majestic sounds from nature all in one place. Restaurants, shops, and the boardwalk/downtown are all conveniently located near us. Inline Block Space Fix Inline Block Space Fix Inline Block Space Fix Relaxation Inline Block Space Fix Inline Block Space Fix Inline Block Space Fix Overlay for Style 1 END .front Slide Box Back Enter the lush verdant greenery through the front gates of our Grand Palapa courtyard. A nice breeze is a constant visitor that keeps us cool during warmer months. Pool lounges are positioned for a nice morning suntan, a pleasant book, or ciesta (nap) in the evening hours. Check Our Rates and Room Availability The Mission of Casita de Maya Boutique Hotel Our mission is to provide our guests with a truly personalized travel experience to remember, from our warm, thoughtful, and dedicated staff. Our Services and Amenities We continuously aim to live up to our name and will always provide the best comfort and service for business, elite, and casual travelers/tourists. Indulge yourself with the array of luxuries we have for our guests. Complimentary Offers Included in Your Room or Suite Booking: High-Speed Internet Access (Wi-Fi) Satellite HD LCD TV Microwave Refrigerator Pool Towels Private Bathroom Work Area Fresh Drinking Water Daily Concierge Service Daily Maid Service Included Laundry Service (for a fee) Meal Service by Chef Daniel Second Floor Bar Rooftop Sundeck/Terrace Parking Arranged Tours On-Site Car Rental Service by Delfines Fresh Morning Coffee Other Amenities for You to Enjoy: Clear Swimming Pool Close to the Suites XM Radio at the Lobby Free Calls to the USA and Canada Dispatched Taxi Service to Hotel Complimentary Purified Water Daily A Little About Us Our boutique hotel was built in 2004 but has been fully upgraded and expanded in 2013. We are located a short distance away from the Cozumel International Airport in Quintana Roo, Mexico. We have received numerous awards and have been highly ranked and rated on TripAdvisor. Our beautifully decorated and fully furnished hotel has also been eloquently featured in the Top 10 Romantic Island Inns by CNN’s Coastal Living. .fl-post-content .fl-post .fl-page-content Casita de Maya's CNN Review Feature Site Links HOME ACCOMMODATIONS OUR RESTAURANT TRAVELER INFORMATION RATES & RESERVATIONS CONTACT US Get In Touch! Avenue 65 Bis N. Y Blvd. Aeropuerto #420 Emiliano Zapata, 77620 San Miguel de Cozumel, Q.R., Mexico Local Number : (987) 869-2606 Direct USA/Canada : (818) 855-9116 Owner's Line : 011-521-987-1164643 info@casitademaya.com 24/7 6 AM - 1 AM Our Mission Our mission at Casita de Maya is to provide our valued guests with a truly personalized Mexican travel experience to remember, from our warm, thoughtful, and dedicated staff. Badge/Certificate: © 2019 Casita De Maya Boutique Hotel .fl-page 