Hotel on Catalina Island - Seaport Village Inn 800 222 8254 Signed in as: filler@godaddy.com Sign out 800 222 8254 Welcome to Catalina Island Book Now About Us The Inn  Ideally located in Avalon a short walk from the shops, restaurants and beach yet offering end of road privacy and peace and boasting some of the largest hotel rooms on the island, many with full kitchens.   Opened in 1980, the VanSickle family had a vision for an Island Inn that would provide an escape from the hustle and bustle of life on the mainland.  35 years  and 350,000 guests later this vision has been realized over and over again.    ​You will arrive as a guest, leave as a friend and be welcomed back like one of the family! Find out more Packages We offer a variety of packages to save you time and money and make the process of planning your perfect trip to Catalina Island a breeze. Boat Packages, Romance Packages and Adventure packages including snorkeling, scuba diving & kayaking! We offer shuttle service on arrival and departure, daily continental breakfast in the lobby, We have Cable TV available in every room. We provide complimentary high-speed internet access in common areas.   Call 800 222 8254 The Rooms  Located a quick walk from the beach and all the attractions in Avalon.  This ideal location is conveniently close yet quiet and peaceful with end of the road privacy and gorgeous views of Avalon bay.   The Seaport Village Inn has something for everyone from the budget conscious to the extravagant.  Basic hotel rooms for the island adventurer who won't be spending much time in the room to ocean view suites for the hopeless romantic who dreams of sitting on a balcony while reading a good book overlooking the ocean. Book Now Our "Slice" of Catalina Island Paradise 01/16 Contact Us We love our customers, so feel free to visit during normal business hours. Seaport Village Inn 119 Maiden Lane, Avalon, CA, USA 800 222 8254 Ask a Question Ask a Question Name Email* Send Cancel Ask a Question Stay connected Be the first to hear about local events and new amenities. Email Address Subscribe Work where you Play...  Family Run Hotel always looking to adopt new family members!  More than a Job it’s Island Life - Family Style! Thank you for your interest in joining the Seaport Village Inn family on Catalina Island! Catalina Island boasts beauty, excellent restaurants, activities, unique shopping and a small town island community!    Sometimes all you know is you want to live and work at an island paradise like Seaport Village Inn, but don't know where to start. That's OK! Give us a call - shoot us an email - or stop by and say hi!     Housing Available — Competitive Pay—Seasonal and Year Round Opportunities  Couples Encouraged to apply Currrently seeking help with: Creative Breakfast Organizer  Fastidious Housekeepers Guest Centered Front Desk People Maintenance Heroes For more information about working at Seaport Village Inn, please call 310.991.3771 or email laura@seaportvillageinn.com Application for Employment (pdf) Download Housekeeping Job Description (pdf) Download W4 Form (pdf) Download I 9 Form (pdf) Download Copyright © 2018 Seaport Village Inn - All Rights Reserved. From Guest, to Friend, To Family! 