Catalina Boathouse | Catalina Island, Catalina Boathouse Catalina Boathouse Catalina Boathouse Catalina Boat House Hotel Learn More Our Story About us This charming property is located one block uphill from the beach in a quiet residential area still walking distance to the shops and restaurants. Modern kitchenettes and our sunny patios set the scene for relaxing barbecues with family and friends. Store your bikes in our lush courtyards or enjoy lounging on one of our public or semi-private decks with sweeping harbor views. We have some pet friendly rooms. This is the perfect setting for intimate weddings and small events and celebrations The Catalina Boat House Hotel Story In 1912 Captain Joseph McAfee sailed his flat bottom houseboat from Venice Beach to Santa Catalina Island with the intention of making Avalon his home. Captain McAfee purchased a parcel of land with a wonderful view of the bay located on what is now called Marilla Avenue. Maintaining a strong attachment to his houseboat, as well as the desire to have a home overlooking the bay, Captain McAfee devised an ingenious plan to haul his houseboat up the hillside to his newly acquired property. Using only horses, logs, rope and sheer determination, the Captain and a group of friends hoisted the boat inch by inch up the dusty road to its new location. Captain McAfee’s houseboat was now referred to by one and all as “the Captain’s Beach House.” As the years went by, the enterprising Captain built additional rooms to take advantage of the booming island tourist trade. These rooms were attached to the original houseboat and tiered down the hillside. The houseboat hotel became known as the Driftwood Inn and was then renamed the Catalina Beach House Hotel in the early 1960s. The Catalina Beach House Hotel has been updated and remodeled into one of Catalina’s most charming and delightful places to stay. The hotel was renamed the Catalina Boat House Hotel in 2014 to honor the visionary Captain McAfee and the property’s unique history. Contact Us Catalina Boat House Hotel: Toll-Free: 800-97-HOTEL (46835) Local: 310-510-1078 Email us at Info@CatalinaBoatHouse.com We are located at 200 Marilla Avenue, Avalon CA 90704 Our Mailing address is PO Box 646, Avalon CA 90704 Also visit our sister property, the Hermosa Hotel ©  2019 Catalina Boathouse. Built using WordPress and the Mesmerize Theme 