Helen GA Cabin Rentals | Helen Georgia Cabins | Helen Cabin Rentals start coded_template: id:5249630946 path:generated_global_groups/5249630944.html Beautiful - Luxury - Private - Cabins In Helen GA | 1-770-952-4130 end layout-widget-wrapper end widget-span end row end row-wrapper end widget-span end layout-widget-wrapper end widget-span Ownership Home Cabins in Helen Georgia Cabins In Helen Georgia Cabins Within 10 Minutes Cabins Within 15 Minutes Cabins Within 20-25 Minutes Creek View Cabins Mountain View Cabins Waterfall View Cabins Wooded View Cabins Seasonal Mountain View Cabins 1 Bedroom Cabins 2 Bedroom Cabins 3 Bedroom Cabins 4 Bedroom Cabins Cabins With Hot Tub Cabins With Juzzi Bath Cabins With Pool Table Cabins With Game Table Pet Friendly Cabins Biker Friendly Cabins Handicap Accessible Cabins Group Booking Guide Cabin Gift Certificates For Sale (Investment) Helen Guide Things To Do In Helen Georgia Family Vacations & Kid Friendly Activities Romantic Ideas For Couples Restaurants In Helen Oktoberfest In Helen Fishing in North Georgia Explore North Georgia River Activities (Tubing, Kayaking, Rafting) Discover The Outdoors History & The Arts Vineyards & Wineries Helen Shopping Make The Most Of Your Cabin Rental Cabin Investment & Management Downloadable Resources Blog Latest Posts Blog Topics View All Blogs About Our Origin & Mission Frequently Asked Questions Guest Reviews Our Team Rental Agreement Cabin Investment & Management Cabin Investments Contact Report Cabin Issues end layout-widget-wrapper end widget-span end layout-widget-wrapper end widget-span end row end row-wrapper end widget-span end row end row-wrapper end widget-span end row end row-wrapper We have been experiencing intermittent website service outages and if there is an outage at the time you are checking availability/pricing or viewing photos please call us. end layout-widget-wrapper end widget-span end row end row-wrapper end coded_template: id:5249630946 path:generated_global_groups/5249630944.html end widget-span end row end row-wrapper end header end header wrapper Cabin Rentals In Helen Georgia Find Amazing Cabins In Helen  NOW! <h1>Our Online Booking System Is Temporarily Offline. Please Call 770-952-4130 For Pricing, Availability and To Book Your&nbsp;Cabin Rental</h1> Stay in one of our 39 private luxury Helen cabins Check Real-Time Rental Availability & Pricing 24/7 - Fast, Easy & Secure Guests 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 Check Availability Browse our cabins to find your perfect match See All Cabins Welcome! I’m Tom Telford the founder of Cedar Creek Cabin Rentals.  Our business was built with you in mind. We offer a private getaway into nature with no road noise and great amenities like hot tubs, pool tables, and fire pits. We are the ideal spot for family vacations, getaways, anniversaries and other special occasions. We want our guests to enjoy a peaceful calmness in our private wooded Helen, Georgia cabins. Each rental includes either a creek, mountain, or park-like setting in the midst of beautiful hardwoods located in Helen, Georgia. Click here to read More... View Cabins | Vacation Rental Guide | Frequently Asked Questions | Cabin Guest Reviews | Rental Agreement <script src="https://ajax.googleapis.com/ajax/libs/jquery/1.8.3/jquery.min.js"></script> end layout-widget-wrapper end widget-span end row end row-wrapper Due to extremely high popular demand, Cedar Creek Cabin Rentals is constantly expanding with new cabins for our guests. If you’re a return guest with Cedar Creek, a new cabin offers something you’ve never experienced before. For our first-timers, these new cabins perfectly capture the essence of Cedar Creek, so we encourage you to explore and enjoy them along with the rest. No matter who you are, we would love to share our most recent additions with you. Bear's Den Bear’s Den offers couples the comfort of an indoor stay with access to the beautiful outdoors through the covered porch hot tub and fireplace as well as the many windows overlooking the peaceful, surroundings. Tucked away in a private setting, this romantic and rustic cabin has an open floor plan so you never have to venture far Bedroom: 1 | Sleeps: 2 From $ /night View cabin details Lakefront Retreat The cottage-like exterior, with an enormous front and side porch, conceals an elegant interior. Including both breakfast and dinner dining areas, tile and granite kitchen and bathrooms, a piano, leather sofas, tray ceilings, and fireplaces, this destination is refined in style and class. The lower level adds even more to the list, with a pool  Bedroom: 5 | Sleeps: 11 From $ /night View cabin details Pure Gold Pure Gold is a luxurious cabin for 2, built with couples in mind. Featuring an open spa environment, Pure Gold includes an infrared sauna, two-person indoor Jacuzzi spa, two-head rain shower, and outdoor hydrotherapy spa. All of these upscale treasures are tucked away in your very own mountain getaway. Bedroom: 1 | Sleeps: 2 From $ /night View cabin details Tranquility One If you’re looking for a romantic cabin experience, but are traveling with the family, Tranquility One offers the perfect combination. Bedroom: 2 | Sleeps: 8 From $ /night View cabin details Dreamscape Some travelers desire detailed luxury at every turn; for those guests, we recommend Dreamscape. This remarkable cabin boasts both a rain shower and a spa tub for two. The open floor plan creates a romantic and seductive ambiance for you and your special someone to feel close during your entire stay. Bedroom: 1 | Sleeps: 2 From $ /night View cabin details Sweet Retreat If you're the type of couple who is looking for an escape from the high-speed pace of work and you love to include nature in your travels, the Sweet Retreat cabin is perfect for you. This uniquely designed property allows you to experience the wonderful mountains of North Georgia while sipping your favorite beverage on the large, wrap-around deck. Bedroom: 2 | Sleeps: 4 From $ /night View cabin details One of the best thing about renting a cabin is finding the one that best suits you and your family. Cedar Creek Cabin Rentals offers the best cabins in North Georgia with the best service team behind them. Now, find out which of our cabins offer their own superlatives in the most sought-after categories! Most Private River Wilds River Wilds lets you feel remote and peaceful in a world apart on its 30-acre plot. With space for 4 adults and 2 children, this cabin is extremely private and offers a natural setting for you to explore. You’ll even be able to relax to the sounds of the Chattahoochee River, audible from the cabin. Bedroom: 2 | Sleeps: 6 From $ /night View cabin details Best View Chalet in the Sky With accommodations for 4 adults and 2 children, Chalet in the Sky has one of the highest return visit rates of any cabin in North Georgia because of the amazing view. See every mountain in North Georgia, from Brasstown Bald to Tray Mountain. Enjoy the panorama from almost anywhere you’d imagine; from the Bedroom: 2 | Sleeps: 6 From $ /night View cabin details Best in Helen Hummingbird Lodge Hummingbird Lodge offers one of the most active and exciting experiences in Helen. As part of the scenic Innsbruck Golf & Country Club, Hummingbird Lodge is only 5 minutes from downtown Helen. If you’re looking for some outdoor activities close to your vacation cabin, the community swimming pool (open late May Bedroom: 3 | Sleeps: 10 From $ /night View cabin details Gingerbread Haus Put your mind at ease and your soul at rest while staying at Gingerbread Haus, a luxurious, three-bedroom cabin nestled beside Mount Yonah. This charming cabin is located 10 minutes outside of Helen, 45 minutes away from Tallulah Gorge Falls, and 15 minutes from Unicoi State Park and Anna Ruby Falls. Bedroom: 3 | Sleeps: 6 From $ /night View cabin details Lakefront Retreat Want to escape to the lake and still live like a king or queen? You’re looking for Lakefront Retreat, a brick-exterior lake house tucked among the trees and finished and furnished for luxury. This 5-bedroom, 3.5 bathroom vacation home sleeps as many as 12 in comfort right on the water. Bedroom: 5 | Sleeps: 1 From $ /night View cabin details Lazy Bear Lair Lazy Bear Lair is a lovely four bedroom cabin located in the scenic Innsbruck Golf & Country Club 5 minutes from downtown Helen. This unit can sleep up to 12 people in privacy with its three large bedrooms with queen and bunk beds, 3 bathrooms, and a spacious loft area with a futon. If you love perks with your cabin, this one comes with free use of the community’s on-site swimming pool and tennis courts for all guests. Bedroom: 4 | Sleeps: 12 From $ /night View cabin details A remote cabin offers you the chance to get away from the world and get closer to your special someone. Whether it’s romance you’re seeking, or just the chance to slow down and catch up with the one you love, our Cabins F or Couples are a perfect match. These cabins are best-suited for a pair of guests, and provide the closeness and distraction-free atmosphere that couples love. Oasis Oasis is an elegant cabin getaway for 2 that provides a top-tier spa experience. By taking your first moment to pause as you leave the stressful world around you, Oasis will revitalize you when you step inside. The cabin houses a two-person Jacuzzi spa with pure air heated jets, and a rain shower with two shower heads and two body wash Bedroom: 1 | Sleeps: 2 From $ /night View cabin details Allure Allure will draw you in with its romantic amenities in a cabin made just for two. With a rain shower for couples, indoor spa bath, and an outdoor jacuzzi, Allure has plenty of options to spark an intimate moment. Bedroom: 1 | Sleeps: 2 From $ /night View cabin details Enchantment Experience Enchantment with your special someone in a romantic cabin for two. Rustic and charming, Enchantment also delivers a luxurious open floor plan so you and your company are never far apart. Bring your fantasy to life in this magical cabin, which looks and feels like an exotic home right out of a storybook. Bedroom: 1 | Sleeps: 2 From $ /night View cabin details Moose Hollow Leave the bustle of everyday life, and escape to the quiet and relaxing pace of the North Georgia Mountains with your special someone. Enjoy the mountain life in this charming 1200 square-foot, 1 bedroom 2 bath cabin located just 10 minutes from downtown Helen and the historic Sautee Nacoochee Valley. Bedroom: 1 | Sleeps: 3 From $ /night View cabin details Escape If you seek to get away from the pressures of everyday life and just relax in a romantic luxury cabin, we have one word for you: Escape. This cabin is a refuge from the outside world with an open floor plan, natural decor, and spacious amenities to help you get away in style. Bedroom: 1 | Sleeps: 2 From $ /night View cabin details Hickory Woods Hickory Woods looks and feels like a cabin and a castle, offering both rustic peace and royal ambiance. If you enjoy both privacy and luxury, this cabin is perfect for your group of up to 2 adults and 2 small children. Bedroom: 1 | Sleeps: 2 From $ /night View cabin details Pure Gold Pure Gold is a luxurious cabin for 2, built with couples in mind. Featuring an open spa environment, Pure Gold includes an infrared sauna, two-person indoor Jacuzzi spa, two-head rain shower, and outdoor hydrotherapy spa. All of these upscale treasures are tucked away in your very own mountain getaway. Bedroom: 1 | Sleeps: 2 From $ /night View cabin details Radiance Find out what it’s truly like to feel your best after visiting Radiance, a relaxing luxury spa cabin for couples. With amenities for 2 and no distractions, Radiance is focused on creating the most relaxing experience possible for a romantic, refreshing, and pampered getaway. Bedroom: 1 | Sleeps: 2 From $ /night View cabin details Great Escape Why just get away when you can have a great escape? This luxurious and romantic cabin for two is more than just a peaceful place to create some distance from the busy outside world. Once you’re inside, the spa-like amenities will make you want to stay forever. A dual-head rain shower, a spa jet tub for two, and an open floor plan are just a few of the seductive details that make Great Escape more than just a good destination. Bedroom: 1 | Sleeps: 2 From $ /night View cabin details When you’re bringing the whole family out for a cabin visit, you’re going to need more space and a variety of amenities to accommodate. Find out which of our cabins have the most room, best games, and largest numbers of beds and baths for your clan. Holiday Holiday is a family-size cabin perfectly suited for vacation getaways with 6 to 10 people. The cabin includes 3 bedrooms on 3 different levels, and each level has its own bath, so Holiday also offers enough privacy for multiple couples or groups of friends. Bedroom: 3 | Sleeps: 10 From $ /night View cabin details Tranquility Two When you’re traveling with family but you and your spouse want some time away from the kids, Tranquility Two provides exactly what you need. This cabin has 5 beds for up to 8 guests and is split into two different sections: the upper cabin with luxury spa amenities for the parents, and the lower cabin with nook-like sleeping pods for any other guests. Bedroom: 2 | Sleeps: 8 From $ /night View cabin details Deer Crossing Deer Crossing is a luxurious 3 bedroom, 2 1/2 bath cabin that’s perfect for small families ( downstairs game room w/ XBox- can be removed upon request ) or couples who want the comforts of home in a refreshing cabin setting. With space for 4 adults and 2 children, Deer Crossing offers amenities for anyone you bring. Bedroom: 3 | Sleeps: 7 From $ /night View cabin details Summit Summit offers a spectacular view of the North Georgia mountains by day and the lights of Helen, Georgia by night. Ideal for 6 to 10 guests, this cabin gives you the ability to see it all from above with the privacy to still go unseen by the rest of the world. Bedroom: 4 | Sleeps: 10 From $ /night View cabin details Hummingbird Lodge Hummingbird Lodge offers one of the most active and exciting experiences in Helen. As part of the scenic Innsbruck Golf & Country Club, Hummingbird Lodge is only 5 minutes from downtown Helen. If you’re looking for some outdoor activities close to your vacation cabin, the community swimming pool (open late May Bedroom: 3 | Sleeps: 10 From $ /night View cabin details Paradise For those who appreciate nature during their cabin trip, Paradise offers some of the best sights and sounds. This gorgeous all-wood 3-bedroom cabin with a game room is nestled in a beautiful forested area with a breathtaking view of a private waterfall the kids can hike down to or just sit and enjoy off the back deck. Bedroom: 3 | Sleeps: 10 From $ /night View cabin details Hickory Hill Hickory Hill is the perfect family getaway for up to 6 guests. For those who love to relax outdoors in comfort, the back deck is like its own outdoor living room, with large roofs, plenty of furniture, and even a hot tub. Beyond the deck, there’s a family style firepit with bench seating. Bedroom: 3 | Sleeps: 8 From $ /night View cabin details Whispering Pines This beautiful cabin home for up to 8 guests has tons of extras, including a master suite with a custom king-size bed, a Jacuzzi tub, and a two-person shower with double sinks. You'll love the stacked stone features and granite countertops throughout. Bedroom: 3 | Sleeps: 8 From $ /night View cabin details Trout Lily Trout Lily is a rustic, cozy, pristine cabin for couples and families of up to 6. Between the natural leather, granite, and hardwood finishing, you’ll find comfort in the log style beds and heated whirlpool Jacuzzi baths. Even the real rock fireplace offers a sense of old-fashioned peace with modern comfort. Bedroom: 3 | Sleeps: 6 From $ /night View cabin details Your fellow cabin guests have spoken! We want you to know more about some of our most popular cabins so that you can take advantage of the views, comforts, and ambiances that other visitors are choosing again and again. Bobcat Lodge The Bobcat Lodge is nestled in a serene private spot in the beautiful Chattahoochee Forest. The moment you walk through the door, you will be enveloped by warm and inviting rustic furnishing and accessories. Listen to the sounds of the waterfall and creek below. This all-wood, 3bedroom, 3 bathroom cabin Bedroom: 3 | Sleeps: 10 From $ /night View cabin details Inspiration This gorgeous all-wood interior cabin just got a fresh look. Brand new looking beautiful paint job. It has 4-bedrooms and is nestled in a beautiful wooded area with a private walking trail behind the cabin from the back deck. Inside you will enjoy luxurious furnishings and all the modern amenities you desire. We have also recently added a picnic table on the lower deck. Bedroom: 4 | Sleeps: 12 From $ /night View cabin details Bear Creek Bear Creek is a truly luxurious cabin ideal for a family of four, two couples, or a romantic getaway for two. Check out the brand new firepit that will help build special memories. Bear Creek is incredibly rustic with a real tree posts in the living area for an amazing feel of nature. This all wood, granite and tile surface keeps a cabin feel for your stay. Bedroom: 2 | Sleeps: 4 From $ /night View cabin details Destiny This spacious cabin for two tucked away in the beautiful north Georgia mountains feels like your own private luxury spa. The moment you step through the door at Destiny, you’ll know that you were meant to be there. Bedroom: 1 | Sleeps: 2 From $ /night View cabin details Bear Hollow Bear Hollow is a cozy hideaway for couples or small groups with a full jacuzzi bath, private hot tub, and full-size slate pool table. With accommodations for 2 to 4 guests, Bear Hollow has plenty of room for everyone to have place with 1700 square feet of living space. Bedroom: 1 | Sleeps: 4 From $ /night View cabin details Bella Vista Bella Vista is the ultimate escape for couples or honeymooners, with all the luxuries of a resort but the comfort of home. A gentle relaxed pace at this cabin affords time for life’s pleasures that you deserve. Bedroom: 1 | Sleeps: 4 From $ /night View cabin details Oak Hil Nestled in a forest of oak trees, this 2 bed, 2 1/2 bath luxury cabin has all the comforts of home in a lush rustic setting. You’ll find that the design is perfect for a romantic getaway or family retreat, with its large cozy rock fireplace that extends to the cathedral ceilings. Bedroom: 2 | Sleeps: 6 From $ /night View cabin details Dream Mountain Lodge Dream Mountain Lodge provides an amazing mountain view and accommodations for up to 6 guests. Relax on the deck and take in the landscape while the kids entertain themselves in the game room with the ping pong table and foosball. Or, move closer to nature by the fire pit while the kids play on the swing or in the real tree house! Bedroom: 2 | Sleeps: 6 From $ /night View cabin details Whispering Waters This two-bedroom cabin features a hot tub, compact pool table, and spectacular mountain views. Perfect for a single-family vacation, this cabin can sleep up to 6 with its king-size bed in the master suite, queen bed upstairs, and an additional futon bed in the foyer. Bedroom: 2 | Sleeps: 6 From $ /night View cabin details Do You Have A Large Group? Are You Planning A Family Reunion?  With a large portfolio of luxury cabins in and around Helen, Georgia, many of them are clustered close together. Whether you have a group of ten people or a hundred, we've got ways to accommodate your cabin booking needs. Click here to view our large group cabin booking guide. Want To Give The Wonderful Gift Of A Cabin Vacation? We're proponents of giving experiences to others. While things come and go, an amazing vacation memory is something we carry with us throughout our lifetime.  Click here to give a rich cabin experience to someone you love. end widget-span end row end row-wrapper end widget-span end row end row-wrapper end widget-span end row end row-wrapper Why Choose A Cedar Creek Cabin Rental Cabin? h3>Peace and Quiet</h3> <p>Relax in our beautiful luxury private cabins in Helen, Georgia, a natural mountain setting with lots of breathtaking views, hardwoods, and best of all, peace and quiet.</p> <p>This is an ideal location to bring your significant other, family or a group to Helen, Georgia and leave the hustle and bustle of your everyday life behind you.</p Relax In Style Leave your hectic city life behind and relax in style in a luxury cabin in the beautiful north Georgia mountains . Secluded cabin settings offer a special way to recharge in the peace and quiet of nature. Beautiful mountain or lake front views provide the perfect backdrop to enjoy time with your friends and family. Our cabins, located near Helen, Georgia, are ideal locations for romantic , family or girlfriend getaways. Larger cabins are great for corporate team retreats. Your charming cabin is only a short drive to excellent restaurants, hiking trails and shopping. h3>ALL THE AMENITIES YOU NEED</h3> <p>We've got cabins with hot tubs, fully equipped kitchens, comfortable beds, cable TV and wireless internet, pool tables and more.</p> <p>You can of course ignore all the modern technology and just kick back in the Jacuzzi and enjoy the views.</p ALL THE AMENITIES YOU NEED Whether you choose a cabin in the woods or a cabin on the lake , your getaway includes many amenities at no extra charge. Enjoy the hot tub, a fully equipped, modern kitchen, comfortable beds, cable T, wireless internet, pool tables and so many more features which will ensure your stay is exceptional and memorable. Of course, you can ignore modern technology and just kick back in the Jacuzzi and enjoy the view! h3>CLEAN AND COMFORTABLE</h3> <p>Our Mantra is for guests to walk into a gorgeous and clean environment that immediately triggers a feeling of comfort.</p> <p>As a result, a large majority of Cedar Creek Cabin’s current guests are either referred or repeat visits. Our goal is to provide the best possible experience at any of these luxurious mountain cabins that will keep you coming back for more.</p Guest Service Promise Our promise to our guests is that you to walk into a gorgeous and clean environment which immediately triggers a feeling of comfort and pleasure. As a result of our attention to detail and emphasis on service, the majority of Cedar Creek Cabin’s guests is either referred or repeat visitors. Our goal is to provide The Best Experience for our guests of any rental property. We are working hard to ensure your stay at all Cedar Creek Cabin Rentals properties is a not a one night stand but multiple repeat visits for you, your family and friends. end layout-widget-wrapper end widget-span end row end row-wrapper What Our Guests Say Family Time! We loved it! Customer service was great!! Kids really enjoyed the rec room downstairs. Julius Brown Family Time! My family and I had a phenomenal experience with Cedar Creek Cabin Rentals. They make everything so easy. As if I did not already have enough reasons to love this place, it meant so much that they are also honest people who truly care about their guests. We will definitely return and would recommend 100% a stay in one of their outstanding cabins! Tina B. Family Time! Our first family trip to Helen was a success! The boys thoroughly enjoyed the ping pong table. The views were astonishing. Booking was a breeze and the communication was stellar. We will definitely book again. Bridget S. Girls GetAway! My sister and I had a girls getaway this past weekend and we stayed in Helen's Creekside Lodge, the cabin was adorable This was our first time using Cedar Creek Cabin Rentals and we definitely will be using them from now on when we visit Helen!! Sheila S. Customer Care! The people were nice and helpful. The cabin was cleaned. It was well stocked with all amenities. They were very patient and concerned about our happiness during our stay. Michael B Mountain Retreat! I stayed at Cedar Creek Cabins for a three day retreat and the experience significantly exceeded my expectations. Cedar Creek Cabins are the perfect place for a getaway. Doug G Mountain Retreat! Beautiful, secluded, fully equipped cabin with the convenience of Helen just a 7 minute drive away! The view of the stars from the hot tub and the large windows in the master suite were magnificent. Heading home to the work, Christmas chaos fully recharged! Thanks cedar creek cabin rentals  Rebecca Klin Mountain Retreat! Recently stayed in the Alpine A Frame and it absolutely perfect. Enough space for eight, amenities, gorgeous view and great location to visit Helen, GA. We loved spending time at the house. Can truly say I would revisit and recommend to friends. Sammie B. Mountain Retreat! Escape from the city to the country. Beautiful area and accommodations. We will definitely be back, and booking through anyone other than cedar creek cabin rentals. would be out of the question. Kyle S. Romance! We spent our 40th anniversary in Bella Vista. We LOVED the cabin, the views and the privacy for great sleep. We found the cabin clean. We hope to return! Beverly B Romance! My husband and I stayed at Speckled Trout for our 28th anniversary. The whole rental process was a breeze. All in all it was a fantastic anniversary and we will definitely look into Cedar Creek Cabin Rentals for our next cabin rental. Thank You! Tracy K Romance! This was the perfect way to celebrate our engagement! We actually booked before he popped the question. Jamie Schwab div> <div class="inner"><em>"I stayed at Cedar Creek Cabins for a three day retreat and<strong>&nbsp;the experience significantly exceeded my expectations.</strong>&nbsp;Gathering around the outdoor fire pit upon arrival was one of the many highlights of the trip, along with a morning hike the next day.&nbsp;My accommodations were very comfortable and spacious.&nbsp;Waking up with the view of nature&nbsp;outside my window was refreshing. Cedar Creek Cabins are the perfect place for a getaway." - Doug G.</em></div> </div> <div> <div class="inner"><em>"Me and my friends recently rented a cabin from Tom of Cedar Creek Cabin Rentals and&nbsp;we were extremely satisfied with the cabin&nbsp;and the way Tom and his staff did everything to accomendate us...We&nbsp;<span class="text_exposed_show">loved staying there. The towns around the cabin were fun. The people were nice and helpful.&nbsp;The cabin was cleaned<strong>.</strong>&nbsp;It was well stocked with all amenities. The only thing we did not like, was that we did not stay longer.<strong>&nbsp;We are already planning another trip to the cabin, and we are definitely going to rent from Cedar Creek Cabin rentals.</strong>&nbsp;They were very patient and concerned about our happiness during our stay. WE LOVED IT!" - Michael B.</span></em></div> </div HubSpot Call-to-Action Code More Cabin Guest Feedback end HubSpot Call-to-Action Code   h3>Satisfaction Guaranteed</h3 Your Satisfaction Guaranteed Book online 24/7 Guests 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12   p>If, upon arrival of your booked cabin, it does not meet the standards as described in our rental agreement, simply call us. We will first work to rectify the issue. If we are unable to do so, we will offer you another similar cabin. If there is not a comparable cabin available, we will offer a full refund for unused days as you depart the cabin. **For us to help you, we need you to call the office number and speak with our team or leave a message. If you leave a message, you can expect a return call.</p We make every effort to ensure that your cabin is up to your expectations and our high standards. However, if you feel your booked cabin does not meet the rental agreement description simply call us at the Cedar Creek Office. If our representatives are helping other guests and cannot immediately take your call please leave a message and the best number to reach you. We will return your call as quickly as possible. Cedar Creek Cabin Rental Process: We first work to rectify the issue. If we are unable to do so, you’re offered a similar cabin exchange. If there is not a comparable cabin available, we will provide a full refund for unused days as you depart the cabin.   h3>Happy Customers</h3 Working To Earn Your Trust p>Since we started our business in 2006, we have had almost 27,500 couples and families stay in a Cedar Creek Cabin Rental. Described as beautiful, clean and private, we have a 4.4 out of 5 rating on Facebook and Google. With over 300 reviews, we have had a lot of happy guests.</p From our opening in 2006, we have served almost 25,000 Cedar Creek Cabin Rental guests. We are especially proud of the consistently high ratings we received from our guests over an extended period of time. Our cabins are frequently described as “beautiful, clean and private.” Ratings on Facebook are currently at 4.4 out of 5. Although we are excited to have many happy customers we continue to strive for excellence in order to earn your trust. Map-Located Near Helen Your Private Cabin Will Be Conveniently Located By Helen HubSpot Call-to-Action Code [if lte IE 8]> <div id="hs-cta-ie-element"></div><![endif] Get Driving Directions end HubSpot Call-to-Action Code See Our Cabins Now HubSpot Call-to-Action Code [if lte IE 8]> <div id="hs-cta-ie-element"></div> <![endif] See Our Cabins Now   View Cabins end HubSpot Call-to-Action Code See Our Cabins Now Helen Is Activity Rich About Helen Georgia Helen has grown and developed over the decades with a focus on creating relaxing, fun, and romantic experiences depending on the guests. The result of that focus on visitors is an abundance of activities to do in Helen, Georgia! Since you can find mountains and forests going in any direction from Helen, hiking, bicycling, horseback riding, and trail running are all popular pastimes. Other outdoor activities might involve one of the many local creeks or rivers for things like fishing, tubing, and gold panning. And if you’re just looking to relax indoors or the weather doesn’t suit your mood, there are plenty of options to dine out. When you’re not hungry, you can visit one of the local spas for your health and beauty needs. Helen, Georgia is able to offer so many unique and fitting activities for guests because of a unifying philosophy that can’t be found anywhere else in the southeast. While there are many beautiful places to visit in North Georgia , there is only one place like Helen, Georgia. The combinations of options are nearly endless, so whether you’ve never been to Helen before or you’ve been a hundred times, there’s always something new to experience. Helen is Activity Rich There’s nothing like spending some quality time with the kids. Have fun teaching your children  how to fish , enjoying a nice swim or even share the experience of going  horseback riding  together. Things To Do Get closer to your loved one by enjoying intimate relaxing moments such as our couples’ Spa Treatment, enjoy the museum and galleries nearby, and end your night with some romantic fine dining and wine tasting. View The Couples Guide There’s so much to do in the outdoor environment of Cedar Creeks Cabin. Take a trip on the Hot Air Balloon rides, escape in an adventurous hiking trip , bike along the forest trails. Activities For Kids Restaurants and Shops Are A Short Drive From Your Cabin Do you feel like dining out? Need supplies? No problem. While all the cabins are private, you can quickly drive back to "civilization." Venture off to one of the local mountain towns of Helen, Clarkesville, Cleveland or Dahlonega to see sites, dine, and shop. View Helen, GA Restaurants Explore Our Other Free Guides To The Helen, Georgia Area The North Georgia area around Helen is chocked full of wonderful activities, places, and people.To help you navigate the numerous opportunities and maximize your enjoyment, we've put together for you, multiple resources. Click here to view all of our topic guides with detailed descriptions. Oktoberfest In Helen, GA North Georgia Fishing Explore The Cities & Mountains of North Georgia Helen, GA River Activities Explore The Outdoors Around Helen Cherish The History & Art of North Georgia North Georgia Wineries & Vineyards Helen Shopping Your Guide To Successful Cabin Renting Recent Articles From Our Blog,  Exploring Helen, GA Helen Is Activity Rich Download The Most Comprehensive Helen, GA Guide... Ever! This guide takes out all the guesswork. It is the guide you will need when researching what to do in and around Helen, Georgia. You will learn: The top attractions you must visit Romantic getaways for you and a loved one Kid friendly activities your child will love   [if lte IE 8]> <script charset="utf-8" type="text/javascript" src="//js.hsforms.net/forms/v2-legacy.js"></script> <![endif] end widget-span end row end row-wrapper end body end body wrapper start coded_template: id:4215917435 path:generated_global_groups/4215917375.html CCCR Contact Info end layout-widget-wrapper end widget-span end row end row-wrapper Cedar Creek Cabin Rentals 703 Zeppelin Strasse Helen , GA 30545 Call us @  770-952-4130 Office Hours: 9am-7pm  Email info@cccabins.com   Contact Form Report An Issue end layout-widget-wrapper end widget-span end row end row-wrapper About Helen, Georgia end layout-widget-wrapper end widget-span end row end row-wrapper The Helen, Georgia History Check The Helen Weather end layout-widget-wrapper end widget-span end row end row-wrapper Cabin Hosting & Investing end layout-widget-wrapper end widget-span end row end row-wrapper Cabin Hosting Resources Cabin Hosting Inquiry Cabin Investment Inquiry end layout-widget-wrapper end widget-span end row end row-wrapper end widget-span Cabin Renting Quicklinks end layout-widget-wrapper end widget-span end row end row-wrapper View Cabins By Group Filtered Cabin Search Frequently Asked Cabin Questions Vacation Rental Guide Cabin Group Booking Guide Cabin Gift Certificate Health & Wellness Retreats end layout-widget-wrapper end widget-span end row end row-wrapper Featured Cabins end layout-widget-wrapper end widget-span end row end row-wrapper Oasis for Couples Radiance for Romance Holiday for a Small Family River Wilds for a Small Family Pure Gold for Couples Oak Hill for a Small Family Chalet In The Sky (Best View) River Wilds for Privacy Lakefront Retreat for Large Groups end layout-widget-wrapper end widget-span end row end row-wrapper end widget-span Explore Helen, Georgia end layout-widget-wrapper end widget-span end row end row-wrapper Your Guide To Helen, Georgia Things To Do In Helen, Georgia Oktoberfest Helen, Georgia Romance In The Mountains Helen, Georgia Food & Drink Explore Kid-Friendly Activities North Georgia Fishing Explore North Georgia The Helen River Activities Explore The Outdoors Art & History North Georgia Wine Time Helen, Georgia Shopping end layout-widget-wrapper end widget-span end row end row-wrapper Downloads end layout-widget-wrapper end widget-span end row end row-wrapper Your Most Comprehensive Guide To Helen, Georgia Top 5 Must Do Attractions Free Oktoberfest Guide Top 5 Toccoa River Flies end layout-widget-wrapper end widget-span end row end row-wrapper end widget-span Blog: Exploring Helen end layout-widget-wrapper end widget-span end row end row-wrapper Read The Latest From The Blog end layout-widget-wrapper end widget-span end row end row-wrapper Popular Blog Articles end layout-widget-wrapper end widget-span end row end row-wrapper Tubing In Helen, Georgia This Year's Oktoberfest Schedule Closest Mountains To Florida The Best Fishing Around Helen 12 Romantic Things To Do In Helen, Georgia The Best Helen Restaurants Horseback Riding Helen, Georgia How To Plan Your Oktoberfest Trip Christmas In Helen, Georgia Toccoa River Fly Fishing Tips Pet-Friendly Cabins Whitewater Rafting North Georgia Top Scenic Drives In North Georgia How Maximize Your Cabin Stay Hiking Around Alpine Helen Waterfalls Near Helen, Georgia end layout-widget-wrapper end widget-span end row end row-wrapper end widget-span end row end row-wrapper end widget-span end row end row-wrapper end widget-span end row end row-wrapper Cedar Creek Rentals , LLC. Copyright 2006-2019 - All rights reserved. Helen GA Cabin Rentals - Site Maintained by Jason Montoya . end layout-widget-wrapper end widget-span end row end row-wrapper end widget-span end row end row-wrapper end widget-span end row end row-wrapper end coded_template: id:4215917435 path:generated_global_groups/4215917375.html end widget-span end row end row-wrapper end footer end footer wrapper Start of HubSpot Analytics Code Not Loaded End of HubSpot Analytics Code Not Loaded Cedar Creek Cabin Rentals 703 Zeppelin Strasse Helen , GA 30545 Phone: 770-952-4130 Generated by the HubSpot Template Builder - template version 1.03 end coded_template: id:4075246121 path:generated_layouts/4075246111.html 