Chapel Knap Accommodation - Porlock Weir Cottages Welcome The Coach House The Stable Block Dunns Cottage Harbour House The Crows Nest Quay Cottage Contact Us Our Cottages The Coach House The Stable Block Worthy Cottage Coachman's Cottage Lorna Doone Apt St. Anthony's Cottage The Crows Nest Dunns Cottage Lorna Doone Farm Quay Cottage Harbour House Groom's Cottage Farm Cottage Other Availability Porlock Weir Compare Properties Guest Book Newsletter Rate this website Exmoor National Park Terms and Conditions Contact Us Contact Details Chapel Knap Accommodation Porlock Weir Somerset TA24 8PA   Tel: 0117 318 0763 Click to e mail Welcome Search What are you looking for? Special Offers All Cottages Cottages Sleeping 2 Stay in Porlock Weir Wootton Courtenay Click to search Dogs Welcome Search by Size Search by Place Stay in Dunster Stay in Luxborough Stay in Malmsmead Cottages with Sea View Cottages Sleeping 6+ Stay In Porlock Stay in Luccombe Stay in Monksilver Click on the pins of the cottage to find more details Welcome to The Best of Exmoor, quality  E xmoor cottages for holidays in Somerset . Whether you are looking for a romantic getaway by the coast or somewhere to take the whole family, The Best of Exmoor has a range of self-catering holiday cottages or  hotels on Exmoor  to suit your needs. Exmoor is a very special and unique place offering something for everyone, from open moorland and rolling hills to breathtaking coasts and historical villages.  There's so much to see and do on Exmoor we are sure you will want to holiday with us - and you are in the right place to find the place to stay!  Stay in Porlock Weir , a hamlet with idyllic 13th century harbour and stunning coastal views, we have a range of holiday cottages to suit your needs.  Or  stay in Dunster  - a medieval village with a wealth of historic buildings.  Browse  The Best of Exmoor  site by area or the type of holiday accommodation you are looking for. The Best of Exmoor strives to bring you the finest selection of  self-catering holiday cottages  available in this beautiful part of the world.  Sign in | Recent Site Activity | Report Abuse | Print Page | Powered By Google Sites 