Chateau de la Barre in Loire valley (France) Prestigious Suite Prestigious Family Suite Marin de Vanssay & Louis XV Prestigious Family Suite aux Fleurs & Directoire Prestigious Family Suite Bleue & Oiseaux Prestigious Family Suite Esprit de Jouy Verte & Bleue Suites & Rooms Suite Marin de Vanssay Suite Esprit de Jouy Room Jaune Room Bleue Room aux Fleurs Self Catering Cottage Les Glycines Cottage Les Lilas Discover The Château Onsite Activities Our Region By Invitation Only Your Travel in Europe Previous Next Welcome to Château de la Barre Château de la Barre, less than 2 hours from Paris, is perfectly located for visiting the main Loire Valley castles : Chenonceau, Chambord, Amboise and Cheverny. There is no better way to royally experience the castles of the Valley of the kings than as guests at this private estate, home to the family of Count and Countess de Vanssay for more than 610 years. Château de la Barre has been in the Vanssay family with unbroken lineage since 1404. Staying at Château de la Barre with Count and Countess de Vanssay is a unique opportunity to experience the authentic and gracious way of life of French aristocracy. The château is located in the heart of a bucolic valley, amidst a large private park with colourful and fragrant gardens and surroundings. Luscious fabrics, important antique furniture in all the suites and elegant drawing rooms make Château de la Barre an exclusive address in the Loire Valley for refined travelers. You will also appreciate the elegant, hosted “GRAND SIÈCLE DINNER” with its wine pairing, and the professional yet warm and personal welcome by the owners themselves. Discover this luxury Château hotel with its 100 acre private park, its romantic gardens surrounded by XVI century fortifications, its family chapel, its magnificent collection of antiques, oil paintings and tapestries. Its prestigious rooms do not compromise on modern comfort. The elegant dinner, offering traditional French gastronomy and an impressive selection of the best French wines make this exclusive estate a highlight when travelling to France. The warm and personalized welcome will make you feel like friends of Count and Countess de Vanssay. Guy, the 20th Count de Vanssay, will embark you on a tour of the Château and Marnie (she is Anglo American) will enjoy having tea with you in the drawing room where she will provide you with an introduction to their region, orienting you towards the sights and activities most interesting for you. Marnie, via her travel agency Countess Connections and its wealth of information can offer you access to hidden gems, and assist you in organizing not only your stay in the Loire Valley but also your travels in France and Europe. Guy is also a wine expert and will help you choose, from the amazing wine list of the Château, the nectar of your dreams. Accommodation Prestigious family suites and elegant rooms in the Château as well as charming self catering flats in the Cottage. Discover this luxury Château hotel with its 100 acre private park, its romantic gardens surrounded by XVI century fortifications, its family chapel, its magnificent collection of antiques, oil paintings and tapestries. Discover Countess Connections, your on-site Travel Agency Countess Marnie de Vanssay, via her travel agency Countess Connections and its wealth of information can offer you access to hidden gems and assist you in organizing not only your stay in the Loire Valley but also your travels in France and Europe. At the Château de la Barre, the Grand Siècle Dinner is an unforgettable and magical moment, a unique experience of French art of living. Be invited to enjoy the warm and elegant setting of La Grande Salle à Manger, an exquisite refinement, worthy of the aristocracy of the 18th century. Countess de Vanssay can also provide private invitations to meet, lunch or dine with the often-colorful owners of over 10 of France’s finest historic chateaux and visit parts of their houses and art collections not normally accessible to the public. For your reservations, you can contact the Count and Countess of Vanssay directly. They both speak English fluently. Tailor-made Stay in Europe Let our onsite travel agency, Countess Connections assist you in organizing your trip in France and in Europe. We will handle the details for smooth transfers, provide you with the best guides, and arrange exclusive, after hours or behind the scene visits. Leave all the coordination to us, so that you can do all the enjoying ! Discover Grand Siècle Dinner The Grand Siècle Dinner is an unforgettable and magical moment, a unique experience of French art of living. Be invited to enjoy the warm and elegant setting of La Grande Salle à Manger, an exquisite refinement, worthy of the aristocracy of the 18th century. Discover By invitation only For those who enjoy the privileged experience of the Grand Siècle Dinner, Count and Countess de Vanssay can also provide private invitations to meet, lunch or dine with the often-colorful owners of France’s famous castles and other elegant private chateaux, visit parts of their houses and art collections not normally accessible to the public. Discover Wedding Say YES ! What could be more romantic than to unite for life at Château de la Barre, a setting both glamorous yet with the warmth of a private home ? The Countess will make the most beautiful day of your life an exceptional moment. Discover How to find us Itinerary to the Château de la Barre Follow us on social media Contact us for more information Contact Us +33 243350017 Meilleur tarif Prestigious Suite Prestigious Family Suite Marin de Vanssay & Louis XV Prestigious Family Suite aux Fleurs & Directoire Prestigious Family Suite Bleue & Oiseaux Prestigious Family Suite Esprit de Jouy Verte & Bleue Suites & Rooms Suite Marin de Vanssay Suite Esprit de Jouy Room Jaune Room Bleue Room aux Fleurs Cottage Cottage Les Glycines Cottage Les Lilas Experiences The Château Onsite Activities Our Region By Invitation Only Your Travel in Europe Informations Terms and conditions Legal Notice Privacy Policy ©2019 Château de la Barre All rights reserved 