Chinaberry Hill Inn ~ one of Tacoma WA's finest inns Skip to Main Content Search for: Menu About the Inn Mansion History Rooms and Suites Catchpenny Cottage The Hayloft Suite The Carriage Suite The Garden Room The Rose Room Suite The Pantages Suite Nearby Attractions The Neighborhood Contact Us Home About the Inn Mansion History Rooms and Suites Catchpenny Cottage The Hayloft Suite The Carriage Suite The Garden Room The Rose Room Suite The Pantages Suite Nearby Attractions The Neighborhood Contact Us Home Chinaberries in Bloom Chinaberry Hill Inn Carraige Suite Hayloft Suite Garden Suite Mt. Rainier Wild Rose Suite Chinaberries in Bloom Mount Rainier Close to the Waterfront Nearby Gig Harbor Enjoy Nearby Parks Downtown Seattle Come on Inn The Chinaberry Hill Inn We are here to help vacationing travelers or visiting parents plan their days while visiting the Seattle area. Whatever your interests when planning your trip, be sure to let us know. If we don’t have an answer for you, we’ll find one! Our Dining Room Options Galore Chinaberry Hill Inn offers a variety of lodging options including comfortable and quiet guest rooms, romantic getaway and honeymoon suites with jetted Jacuzzi tubs-for-two, and excellent beds. We also offer special hotel guest rates, government rates, corporate rates, Seattle Tacoma boutique hotels and downtown Tacoma vacation rentals, including a two-story guest cottage vacation rental. The cottage, a fun addition to the Seattle vacation rentals scene, is listed on the National Register of Historic Places and is perfect for romantic getaways and family friendly lodging. Our Sitting Room Close to Everything Top restaurants and coffeehouses, specialty shops and some of the best microbreweries in the region are within a short walk or 3-10 minute drive from our inn. Let us help you discover what makes the Pacific Northwest unique to those who visit (and sometimes move) to its sparkling shores. Chinaberry Hill Inn, is also a popular destination for those traveling to the Seattle Tacoma metropolitan area. We are conveniently located to SeaTac airport and an easy walk or drive to all the area has to offer. A Seattle inn with water views of Puget Sound, we are just three minutes to the longest stretch of public saltwater access of any city in the United States. If you are considering a Seattle/Tacoma inn or hotel near Seattle, be sure to give us a try. Like others before you, you may find that we become your favorite lodging choice among the inns and hotels in the Tacoma Seattle Washington metropolitan area. And maybe even your favorite best of all. Chinaberry Hill Inn 302 Tacoma Avenue North Tacoma, WA 98403 253-272-1282 info@chinaberryhill.com © 2019 Chinaberry Hill Inn | 302 Tacoma Avenue North | Tacoma, WA 98403 | 253-272-1282 | info@chinaberryhill.com 