Avgonyma,rooms Avgonyma,Chios Special Offers Events Activities Useful info Photo Gallery Comments Contact /end langnav /end social Home Apartments Mary 1 Mary 2 Irene 1 Irene 2 Ben Restaurant Area Details Avgonima Anavatos Chios Beaches Nea Moni Chios Mastic Coming to Pyrgos Reservations /end menu /end header /end slider Welcome to our site ! Chios is the ideal place for your holidays. It is the island of mastic and medieval villages and above all the island with a stunning variety of landscapes. The Avgonyma village belongs to the municipality of Omiroupoli and it is 16 km far from the town center of Chios. It is a medieval village of the 11th century, built by the technicians of Nea Moni who used it for their installation after the completion of the monastery. From one side it has a view to the big and evergreen forest of Provatas mountain and from the other side to the crystal blue waters of the Aegean Sea reaching up to Evia. It is only 10 minutes from the beautiful and pristine beaches of the west coast of Chios. In the evening you can enjoy the magnificent sunset. The rooms and the restaurant- tavern “Pyrgos” are located in the village of Avgonyma, close to the wonderful beach of Elinta and the monastery of Nea Moni. The little stone houses of “Pyrgos” offer not only comfortable accommodation in a traditional style but also the opportunity to taste homemade dishes and desserts.   /end main   /end sidebar-right Loading Rooms and Apartments They mainly consist of five detached stone houses in the village of Avgonyma. They are all preserved and tastefully decorated, each one with its own distinctive style. The view to the lush forest is amazing. Pyrgos Restaurant It operates since 1987 under the Delios’s family direction. The food is homemade and you will have the opportunity to taste many traditional Greek recipes. The tavern “Pyrgos” is located in the central square of Avgonyma village. /end additional-content Η επιχείρηση ενισχύθηκε για τον εκσυγχρονισμό της στο πλαίσιο του Επιχειρησιακού Προγράμματος «Ψηφιακή Σύγκλιση». «Με τη συγχρηματοδότηση της Ελλάδας και της Ευρωπαϊκής Ένωσης» Website design and hosting by: Web2 /end footer /end content /end wrapper 