Tallinn apartment rentals | Pärnu apartment rentals | Saremaa cottages City Style Apartments Tallinn Apartment Rentals | Holiday Apartments in Tallinn | Tallinn Flat Rental Search Tallinn apartments Saaremaa cottages Vacation Rentals Contact Us Search Arriving:   Nights: 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 32 33 34 35 36 37 38 39 40 41 42 43 44 45 46 47 48 49 50 51 52 53 54 55 56 57 58 59 60 61 62 63 64 65 66 67 68 69 70 71 72 73 74 75 76 77 78 79 80 81 82 83 84 85 86 87 88 89 90 91 92 93 94 95 96 97 98 99 Location: All Areas Tallinn Bedrooms: Any Studio 1 Search by Property Name or ID: Featured Rentals Facebook Badge Facebook Badge START Facebook Badge END Business & Holiday Apartments in Talinn for Short and Extended Stay Our vacation rental apartments are designed to accommodate the needs of our most discerning travellers. We provide our guests with the very best for a reasonable price!  We served thousands of happy apartment rental customers since 2003  and earned excellent reviews on FlipKey and TripAdvisor . Easy online booking  real-time availability and prices, no bad surprises ! Just insert your dates and the amenities you need into our Rental Search  box on your right and it will show you all the available apartments or browse our  Tallinn apartment  rentals to find that perfect holiday rental for your next trip  See availabilities instantly  and book in just minutes. Each apartment  listing has detailed and accurate pictures and information about each property with all the amenities. How to pay and is it secure ? You can pay with different credit cards through the most secure payment options  PayPal (you don’t need to have a PayPal account ) or bank transfer (IBAN transfers ) .  The payment details are shown and need to be inserted in the last steps of the booking.     What is your payment policy ? Our standard payment policy is 30% non-refundable payment during the booking and the rest 70%  is paid on arrival in cash or with a card. For very high demand periods we may require full payment 30 days before arrival (those periods can be found  http://www.citystyleapartments.ee/faq/  ) What happens after I have paid ? For most of the apartments you will receive an instant confirmation to your e-mail after you have made the booking. The e-mails come from our booking system lodgix so if you haven’t received the confirmation please check your spam box. On the confirmation you will have the exact address the check in and check out times also   Arrival details and property information with apartment specific information about the where to get the keys from (in most cases at the apartment or from a very close location to the apartment). For the apartments which are marked ON REQUEST we will check  the availability with our partners and then will confirm your booking. Children and extra beds Free! Up to two children under 12 years stay free of charge when using existing beds. One child under 3 years is charged EUR 5 per person per night in a child’s cot/crib. One older child or adult is charged EUR 15 per person per night in an extra bed. The maximum number of extra beds/children’s cots permitted in a bedroom is 1. Any type of extra bed or child’s cot/crib is upon request and needs to be booked from the Optional services during the booking or confirmed by management if the service is to be added later. Supplements are calculated automatically in the total costs   Your flight arrives late at night ? No problem you can still check – in into your apartment just let us know which flight you are on and we would be expecting you!   Are towels and bed linen included ? Yes bed linen and towels are included for all apartments and all tenants       If you need to apply for Estonian visa you can use our automatic booking confirmations which are accepted in the Estonian embassy Persons who need to apply for a visa to enter Estonia (Schengen territory) should consider that: the passport must be valid at least three months after the expiration of the requested visa period the passport must be issued within the previous 10 years the passport must contain at least two blank pages persons 15 years and older must possess their own travel document with photo children 7 to 15 years of age, if entered into a parent’s passport, must have his/her photo in the parents’ passport. Children under the age of 7, if entered into a parent’s passport, need not have a photo in the parent’s passport. More information can be found from Estonia Ministry of Foreign affairs    BalticMiles is the largest multi-partner loyalty programme in the Baltic states. It was launched in October 2009. BalticMiles Points can be earned at over 19 650 places throughout the world. Just insert your BalticMiles card number on the comment section at the end of the booking process and earn 5 Points for each EUR spent Apartments to Rent in Tallinn  – Lock in your  Tallinn apartment  now before they’re all gone. Remember, all of our bookings are processed in real time, so your confirmations are guaranteed!ces throughout the world. CityStyleApartments.ee offers a remarkable selection of  apartment rentals in Tallinn  with a powerful real time search capabilities that can accommodate a wide range of budgets and preferences. With that kind of a variety of apartments for rent in Tallinn, you can find a space that perfectly suits your tastes and budget. Thanks to our local network of property owners and the volume of reservations we handle, we offer the most reasonable prices for the quality we offer possible on the market, guaranteed. With our commitment to quality assurance and our strong professional relationships, you can always expect prices and services that consistently outperform the competition. Staying in Tallinn for One night o r 4 months? Don’t worry! Whether you are interested in a short stay or long term accommodation, we will find an available apartment for rent in Tallinn that will make your stay easy and comfortable. For short stays, our Tallinn vacation rentals are designed to function like any other hotel operation, making these alternative vacation accommodations a comfortable choice for someone looking to escape the cost and impersonal attitude of hotels. For longer stays – even two or three months – our apartment rentals are the ideal way to feel settled and secure. Our properties are, homes in every sense of the word. You will get all the comforts and facilities of a spacious apartment and yet still have access to most of the services you would get while staying at a hotel. All apartments have linens, towels, soap and shampoo. Should you need any assistance with your reservation, advice on sightseeing, or even help arranging for a car rental in Tallinn, our owners and employees will always be available to take your calls. When you are in T allin n If you have never been to Tallinn, we can help you get to know this marvelous city with it’s beautiful Old Town so you will feel right at home. We realize that the Internet is probably the best way to discover what any given city has to offer. Getting to know Tallinn during your visit as well as knowing that you are connected to your friends and family is essential, so we always offer free WiFi internet services in your apartment, where available. Browse our Tallinn vacation rental properties and see how you can enjoy five-star luxury at a fraction of the price. We welcome you to contact us directly for more information on the wide variety of services provided by citystyleapartments.ee . Pages Home Sitemap FAQ Apartment rental policies Services Apartment reviews Contact Us Share Contact Us Facebook Twitter Contact Sitemap Services Online Booking Parnu Rentals Saaremaa Rentals Tailinn Rentals Home © 2011 CityStyle Apartments LLC. All Rights Reserved. Vacation Rental Website Design [if lte IE 8]> <div id="ie_clear"></div> <![endif] 