Coast House Florence - History, Relaxation, Paradise ---------------- Header --------------------- .container-fluid .container #header_section ---------------- Menu --------------------- Home Our Company Blog Tourism Travel Activities Automotive Upcoming Events Contact Us collapse .btn-navbar is used as the toggle for collapsed navbar content container .navbar-inner .row-fluid main-navigation navbar #navigation .container-fluid .container #navigation_menu Slider nav ‹ › row-fluid .container-fluid .container .container-full-width Start of markup for boxes lite element Witness a piece of time immortalized by visiting the well-preserved and historic buildings that still line the streets of the waterfront town of Florence. end box1 Whether its outdoor activities, lounging around one of our resorts, or enjoying a piece of preserved culture by gazing up at our lighthouse, take a moment out of your busy lives and relax. end box2 Thinking of a place to host an event? Our 21,000 square foot events center can host pretty much anything from events to private parties. Come watch a show if you are in town. end box3 end boxes end row-fluid End of markup for boxes lite element .container-fluid .container .container-full-width Ensure Enjoyment in Your Road Trip with These 3 Cars Posted on June 19, 2018 by Richard Gallucci .entry-header A Milan trip is a great way to bond and make memories, especially when choosing something extravagant like a luxury car. However, the right car can make a world of difference for you and your friends or family. These three cars are among the best cars you can choose from when going on a road trip. Take your pick. Tesla Model X For the past months, Tesla has been making waves with its line of electric cars. This one is no different. The Model X is fast and efficient. A single charge can do 220 miles alone. In fact, in just 30 minutes worth of electric charge, the Model X can go for about 150 miles. Charging stations have been situated all over America. This allows you to travel comfortably without having to find a hidden charging station for your car. Tesla has mapped out the major highways and strategically placed their charging stations where their cars are mostly used. While small in size, the Model X has three rows of seats. It has as much as 611 break horsepower (bhp) and can go from 0 to 60 in 3.2 seconds. Did we mention that the Model X has stylish falcon doors? Ford Explorer Sport The Ford Explorer Sport is a simple SUV. There aren’t many bells and whistles on it, but it doesn’t really need it. Comfort is no problem for the Ford Explorer Sport. Large in its size, it has a third row to accommodate more passengers and even the family dog if you want to. It is spacious and everyone who rides in it will have enough space and won’t be feeling cramped. It also comes equipped with a variety of gadgets and features that will make the ride a pleasant one. For instance, it comes with heated and cooled seats that keeps the person’s temperature to just the right degree for them. It also includes window defoggers and cameras all around that make driving a breeze. Under the hood, a twin turbo EcoBoost V6 lies waiting that displaces 3.5 liters. For its size it sure is quick. Utilizing its all-wheel drive feature, this car is perfect for most any road trip. It is simple and effective. Range Rover SV Autobiography Right off the bat, let me say that the Range Rover SV Autobiography is an expensive car. It is often 2nd choice right after a Ferrari hire in Florence for example. However, let me add that it is rightfully expensive. This car is the epitome of comfort. Apart from its spacious interior, it has also features and pieces of technology that are hard to spot in any other car. One example is the seats. The seats in the second row are massaging and reclining seats. There are also tables that deploy automatically. You can even keep drinks in the refrigerator situated right next to you. Its performance is no slouch either, going from 0 to 60 in approximately five seconds. On one tank, it can travel as far as 500 miles. So, if you’re going to go on a road trip, make sure the car you are bringing is the right one. However, whatever car you may be bringing, just be sure to drive safe and ensure that everything is in tip top shape for your road trip. Drive safe. .entry-content Posted in Automotive , Blog , Travel | #entry-meta #post-27 Spend Time With Your Loved Ones at These 3 Romantic Hotels in Oregon Posted on June 9, 2018 by Richard Gallucci .entry-header Looking for a romantic getaway with your significant other? Why not head down to the Oregon Coast and check in on these romantic hotels? With some loved ones, it is easy to fall into a state of romance. However, for some location really sets the tone and the mood. We’ve got you covered then. These three hotels are sure to be the romantic backdrop for your romantic getaway. Cannery Pier Hotel and Spa The Cannery Pier Hotel and Spa is located in one of the oldest settlements in America, Astoria. It is situated right next to the Columbia River that if you wanted, you could just jump straight into the river. The romance heats up as each room is equipped with a fireplace and balcony. Wherever you look out and about your room, you will be greeted with memorable views that you can look at with the binoculars in each room. There is also a deep soaking tub that you can relax in while you drink wine and eat the hors d’oeuvres. Finally, if you really want to make your stay as romantic as possible, you could go for the spa treatment to really treat your loved ones. Inn at Nye Beach Located at Newport, Nye Beach has been visited by numerous visitors and tourists since the 19 th century. Much like a fine wine, it has grown better with age as its historic atmosphere and breathtaking views of the Pacific Ocean still attracts guests. In the summertime, you can head out to the infinity soaking pool and just take in the ocean views. When the weather gets cold, you don’t have to worry about a thing. Each room is equipped with a gas fireplace that you can sit at and enjoy the views from. The patio that comes with your room is perfect for watching the sun set. While you are watching the sun go down, spoil yourself with some wine and chair massages. Stephanie Inn Stephanie Inn just oozes class. It is located in the famous and artsy town of Cannon. The rooms alone are a popular attraction just because it is set up so beautifully, with wide beads, a fire place, and a balcony overlooking the beach. The town itself is a sight to behold and enjoy. Visit the local shops and restaurants. It is considered a place where food comes alive as restaurant chains are not allowed in this town. Finally come the wide sandy beaches that you should take a dip in. Apart from these, the Stephanie Inn has an oceanfront library where people gather during the nightly happy hour. You guessed it; wine is on the menu during these times as well as a wide range of appetizers. In the morning, you are treated to a gourmet buffet breakfast. These are only three of the romantic getaways that you can find in the Oregon Coast. The Coast itself is an area for romance. With the beaches, falls, and hiking trails around, you’re sure to have a wonderful time with your loved ones. If you are taking a trip, search for available rooms and hotels, and book them here . We hope you enjoy your stay. .entry-content Posted in Accommodations , Blog , Travel | #entry-meta #post-25 Don’t Forget these 3 Things When Going on a Road Trip Posted on June 4, 2018 by Richard Gallucci .entry-header Road trips are a perfect opportunity for bonding no matter if its friends or family. However, like with all worthwhile things, preparations must be taken to make sure that the trip will be a success. Otherwise, it could be over before it even began. Here are three things that you should do before you go on your road trip. Plan Your Route and Stops They say that it isn’t the destination, but the journey. In road trips though, it is a little bit of both. Without the journey, you wouldn’t get to your destination, and if you journey down the wrong road you’ll never get there at all. Before leaving, it is best to plan where you will be passing as well as the stops that you will take. Make sure that everyone there knows the plan so that they can align their calls of natures to it. Doing this will save a lot of time and get you to your destination faster. There are two apps that you can use to help you out with this. The first is called OnTheWay. Other than planning your route, OnTheWay shows you what restaurants and other attractions are near along the route you will be taking. Another app is Roadtrippers. This app uses Google Maps as a base, which a lot of people have no problems with anyway. Your trips can be saved and fuel costs, time, and distance can all be seen and calculated. Make Sure Your Ride Won’t Die on You Weeks before your road trip, it is already a best practice to ensure that your vehicle is in the best condition it could be. Check that all the essential car functions are working. Like the seatbelts, that the batter is good to go, the breaks still work, that it has enough water, and so on. It may seem tiresome but believe me, being careful is better than having your car die on you during your road trip. Moreover, it is important to take this extra step as to ensure that your safety and that of your passengers is assured. All preventative maintenance sessions should have been done on your vehicle the weeks and months leading up to the trip. You can find everything about this maintenance here . Finally, make sure that you have all the tools you need to fix your car if something were to happen to you on the road. True, it would suck if you got a flat tire. However, it would be far worse if you didn’t have the tools or even a spare tire. Plan Your Entertainment Road trips are usually long. Most families forget about planning their entertainment for the journey. They end up just packing and driving towards their destination. Most of the time, it could drive people bonkers or worse, sleepy on the road. Plan for your entertainment then. Make sure that you have the music that you want to play in the car. Even music that your passengers would like to hear for that matter. Prepare some car games that everyone can play so that everyone is engaged. A trip where everyone is enjoying all the way through will be a much better and memorable experience. We hope you remember these tips when you go out and take a trip with your loved ones. .entry-content Posted in Automotive , Blog , Tourism , Travel | #entry-meta #post-23 Make the Most Out of Your Oregon Coast Trip by Visiting These 3 Areas Posted on May 30, 2018 by Richard Gallucci .entry-header The Pacific Coast Highway is known for its places to visit. However, Oregon’s coastal highway should not be forgotten as it is home to a number of great areas that you and your family can visit to have a good time. Take a trip down Highway 101 and visit these three scenic marvels along the Oregon Coast. Cannon Beach Much like its name, we hope that after you have visited Cannon Beach that it blows you away. This beach is one of the more popular areas to visit along the coast. There are a variety of activities that you can do here such as birdwatching, surfing, hiking, horseback riding, and so much more. If you hang around long enough, you might just see some whales breaching. Visit the parks there for an amazing panoramic sight of the coastal views. Hike around the area and lay down a picnic for you to enjoy with your family. Other than these outdoor activities, there are also a number of art galleries, restaurants, and boutiques that you can visit. At one point, Cannon beach was named one of the most beautiful places in the world. It’s worth a look. Astoria Astoria is a good place to go for those people who are interested in history. Frankly, it is a treasure trove for such things. At Astoria, you can find many museums to help teach you about its historical significance. Apart from that, the place is dotted with historical landmarks. Finally, if you know where to look, you might just find some remains of a shipwreck from long ago. Two things of note are the Astoria Column and Garden of Surging Waves that you should put in your itinerary if you ever decide to visit. Take a trip back in time by riding the old Riverfront Trolly built years ago in 1931. Tillamook Cheese factory <span data-mce-type="bookmark" style="display: inline-block; width: 0px; overflow: hidden; line-height: 0;" class="mce_SELRES_start">﻿</span> The Tillamook Cheese Factory is one of the Oregon’s Coast top attractions. Millions of tourists head there every year. So why shouldn’t you? This dairy farm has a guided tour from the owner himself. It is also a dairy co-op and a place to grab a quick snack. Leave room for dessert! This factory houses an ice cream counter, a fudge counter, and the Creamery Café that you should all try. It is also a good educational place to bring your children, so they can learn how cheese is made. Throughout the tour, there will also be some samples for you to try. In addition, the children will also get a kick out of the petting zoo nearby. If you don’t have children or would like a date alone with your significant other, head down all the same for some wine tasting at the Blue Heron Cheese Company. Even if you don’t know how to wine taste, it is a good opportunity to learn and drink some wine. So, what are you waiting for? Take a trip down the Oregon Coast. There is a little something for everybody, and there is always something more to discover. .entry-content Posted in Blog , Tourism , Travel | #entry-meta #post-21 4 Secret Waterfalls In Oregon that You Can Visit and Enjoy in Peace Posted on May 25, 2018 by Richard Gallucci .entry-header There are many waterfalls in Oregon that are beautiful. There are already more than a handful that can be found there. However, with the number of people visiting the popular ones, sometimes it is good to have a waterfall all to yourself. Lucky for you we have the inside scoop on four waterfalls that you can enjoy without much tourists and in peace. Sahalie and Koosah Falls Unlike other falls, the Sahalie and Koosah falls do not go dry in the summertime. These falls flow in all its majesty throughout all the seasons. It is for this reason that when hiking towards it, you will still need a jacket to keep you dry, even in the heat of summer. These falls are seen south of Santiam Pass on Highway 126. You may choose to a 2.4-mile hike that passes these falls within the McKenzie River Trail. If you are going in spring or early summer, be wary of snow that may fall. Wahclella Falls Seen in the Columbia River Gorge, the Wahclella Falls is a destination for those who want a bit of an adventure to go to. Its location is in solitude and can be arrived at after a short 2.2-mile hike through the narrow and deep canyons. Large boulders surround the area as thing waterfalls flow over them. Once you reach the Wahclella Falls, it proves to be quite a sight. It has a 60-foot drop that goes to a cavern below surrounded by mist. If you are looking for the trail, all you need to do is head to Interstate 84, near the Cascade Locks at exit 40. Save this trip for a grand experience meant for a climactic end to the day. White River Falls At first glance, these waterfalls will look out of place. The environment around the White River Falls is quite dry and filled with numerous foothills. The White River actually flows into Tygh Valley and blasts down three waterfalls. The first is the Lower White River Falls which is 21 feet high. The second is Celestial Falls at 41 feet, and the biggest one is White River Falls at a tall 75 feet. In order to get to the White River Falls, begin at the state park trailhead to start your 1-mile round-trip hike to these three falls. Hug Point Falls Located just along the Oregon Coast beach, the Hug Point Falls is easy to spot to those who know where to look. It is a quaint waterfall at only15 feet. Head to Hug Point Recreation site and hike to the north. Please be warned though that this hike must only be attempted at low tide. This fall is the only one that is obscured and hard to get to when the tide is in. Afterwards, walk around Hug Point a bit and you will find the falls. A romantic sunset viewing will prove to you just why it is called the Hug Point. We hope you’re excited to head out and search for these waterfalls for yourself. Go out and there and make some memories. .entry-content Posted in Blog , Tourism | #entry-meta #post-19 4 Things to Do in Florence that Will Make you Love the Outdoors Posted on May 20, 2018 by Richard Gallucci .entry-header Florence, Oregon has a lot going on in it. There is a little something for everybody, especially people who crave an outdoor adventure and experience. Here are four things to do in Florence that will satisfy your outdoor craving. The Sea Lion Caves It is the largest sea cave in America and is home to hundreds of sea lions. Ride the elevator and journey 200 feet below to visit the sea lion’s natural habitat. The cave is not well-lit, so it is best to visit when the sun is still up. However, even if you were to go when the sun is down, the cave’s acoustics will allow you to distinctly hear the bellowing of the sea lions as they bark to each other. Observing sea lions in their natural habitat is a unique experience that should be done. This is especially the case since sea lions are a threatened species in the Pacific Ocean. Who knows? You might even see some sea birds and the rare whale pass by while you are down there. The Heceta Head Lighthouse While there are more than 10 lighthouses along the Oregon Coast, the Hecetea Head Lighthouse is no doubt one of the best ones to visit. It stands 56 feet tall and can be seen even from a distance. However, viewing it up close and from atop its apex is also a thing of beauty. The experience though starts at the Cape Creek Bridge. From here, you will hike toward the lighthouse and take in nature’s view in the rocky beaches along this coastal walk. There is also a trail winding behind the lighthouse that is ideal for hikers to take. Once at the lighthouse, you will learn about the lighthouse’s history. If you are hesitant about leaving, you can also stay at the nearby bed and breakfast. The Oregon Dunes “It’s just sand,” I hear you saying. While you aren’t totally wrong, the Oregon Dunes are much more than that. First, they are North America’s largest coastal sand dunes. Its expanse is 40 miles wide. The northern most tip of the dunes is Florence’s North Jetty. Walking along this area will give you a stunning view of the ocean. The experience is rounded out and completed using a dune buggy. Travelling the dunes via buggy is an enjoyable experience as you blaze across the coastal sands. Hiking on Trails The Oregon Coast has several parks for you to purvey and enjoy. For those hikers out there, this means that it would be relatively easy to find a trail to hike. Many paths can be found here. Whether it be for beginners or experts, along coastlines or forests, you’ll find it here. The problem is actually picking which trail to hike. Oftentimes, the trail most picked is the Oregon Coast Trail. It is 382 miles long and spans from Warrenton to Brookings. Most of the route ends up at the beach, while some paths diverge into the forests. A relaxed day trip through these trails will allow you to visit mostly all coastal towns by foot. These are only a few outdoor activities to get excited about in Florence, Oregon. Come on over and explore with more activities. .entry-content Posted in Activities , Blog , Tourism | #entry-meta #post-9 #content Social Media Recent Posts Ensure Enjoyment in Your Road Trip with These 3 Cars June 19, 2018 Read More Spend Time With Your Loved Ones at These 3 Romantic Hotels in Oregon June 9, 2018 Read More Don’t Forget these 3 Things When Going on a Road Trip June 4, 2018 Read More Get more stuff Subscribe to our mailing list and get interesting stuff and updates to your email inbox. I consent to my submitted data being collected via this form* Thank you for subscribing. Something went wrong. we respect your privacy and take protecting it seriously #sidebar #secondary .widget-area .span3 #container .container-fluid .container .container-full-width Useful Links Home Our Company Blog Tourism Travel Activities Automotive Upcoming Events Contact Us Latest Posts Ensure Enjoyment in Your Road Trip with These 3 Cars June 19, 2018 Spend Time With Your Loved Ones at These 3 Romantic Hotels in Oregon June 9, 2018 Don’t Forget these 3 Things When Going on a Road Trip June 4, 2018 Location .row-fluid #footer-widget-container #footer-widgets .row-fluid .container-fluid .container #footer_section CyberChimps WordPress Themes Adds the afterfooter copyright area © Coast House Florence row-fluid .container-fluid .container #after_footer #wrapper .container-fluid container 