Boquete Panama hiking bird watching coffee tours Tinamou cottage lodge Click on a icon for coffee Adventures tour info Welcome at Coffee Adventures Tours & Tinamou Cottage deluxe jungle lodge ***** Boquete, Panama. Coffee Adventures is a modest size tour and hotel company with a big reputation. We organize half day, full day and if you wish multiple day private excursions in and around Boquete and the Chiriqui highlands. Coffee Adventures is specialized in affordable quality private tours and Deluxe Adventures lodging. How may we help you, to make your Panama adventure a success ? Nature tours Bird watching and Hiking Bird watching In Boquete en surrounding areas you will find some of the best bird watching spots in Panama. We offer a complete program of birdwatching excursions /tours for the novice and experienced bird watcher. Every excursion is tailored to the wishes of our guest. Bird watching with Coffee Adventures is always a private tour adjusted to your interest. Click here for Bird watching Have a look at our Tinamou Cottage jungle lodge for a very special bird watching hotel... Hiking Tours The cloud forest of National park Volcan Baru and La Amistad has some of the best trails of Latin America. The most interesting and beautiful are the old Indian trails and the sendero los Quetzales. Check out our hiking page, we love to guide you into the green world of the cloud forest. Always a private tour, no rush, only you and your party Click here for Hiking Boquete sightseeing Real-estate orientation tour This tour will help you understand the Boquete valley and will give you a head start in finding the best real-estate for you. It's NOT about selling you property ! Click here for Real-estate orientation tour Cultural tours Ngöbe Indians, Bocas adventure tour Ngöbe Indians The province of Chiriqui and Bocas del Toro has a large indigenous population, you will see some of the Ngöbe Buglé Indians around town and on Kotowa coffee tour or when hiking on one of the old trails around Boquete. But a visit to the Ngöbe in their own territory the Comarca is special ! Indian Adventure We offer a wonderful sightseeing tour, bringing you through one of the most beautiful rural territory's of Panama ! Giving you the chance to meet this interesting and important tribe. If your next stop is Boca del Toro ? Have a look at.. Bocas Adventure! This is the same program but includes the transfer to or from Almirante (Bocas del Toro). With this tour we change a tiring travel day in a wonderful vacation day ! It's turns a travel day in an adventure that will show you the real Panama. Tinamou Cottage Our deluxe Jungle lodge Tinamou Cottage jungle lodge Stay in one of our romantic nature cottages, truly in the Jungle ! Imagine waking up in the morning with an orchestra of birds. Enjoy the fresh clean mountain air. Starting the day with a good cup of the finest Arabica coffee on your own porch over looking the forest. This is how most of our day's starts... With Tinamou Cottage, we made it possible to share this incredible experience with our guest! Specially if you are a bird watcher and/or a nature person, we like to invite you to stay at Tinamou Cottage. Close to Boquete with all it's comforts but truly in the Jungle! More about Tinamou Cottage Your guides Coffee adventures is a small tour company run by Hans & Terry van der Vooren On all excursions, we will be your hosts. see also About us Please note: Some travel books will give you the phone number of the farm ! Please use (507) 720 3852 or 6634 4698 for tour reservations Or E-mail info@coffeeadventures.net ("Highly recommended" by Footprint & Moon travel books and Lonely planet.) For a very special place to stay ? Check out Tinamou Cottage jungle lodge our own deluxe nature hideaway in the Jungle Click on a icon for coffee Adventures tour info Best way to make a reservation E-MAIL US or you call (507) 720 3852 or 6634 4698 Pricing do not include sales tax and prices can be subject of change without notes. We will always honor price(s) according the time of your reservation. Copy right Coffee Adventures update 5/10/14 