SUNSET BEACH RESORT Belize Vacation Rental **Sunset Condos in Belize** body start html embeds start body start html embeds end Reservations Deborah Neisius  Want more options?  See my other properties and websites: Rent me in Belize (Multiple Listings) Sunset Beach Condos in Belize Get Quote & Book Now ABOUT ME:  My name is Deborah Neisius. My family purchased a Belize condo in 1995 and for the past 22+ years, all the members of my family have been enjoying this tropical paradise. Since 2005, I have represented the condominium owners at   Sunset Beach Resort (Also known as Sunset Condos in Belize). Sunset Beach Resort is  a gorgeous Ambergris Caye beach resort.  Each condo is individually owned.  All items in the condos belong to the owners.  If you are looking for an affordable, luxury resort, you have come to the right place.I’ve had the pleasure of assisting literally hundreds of individuals successfully plan their Belize vacations.  I am an experienced, full-service Belize agent that can book everything including puddle jumper flights, golf carts, tours and taxis.  I take great pride in my guest repeat rate and hope to add you to my list of satisfied guests!  Please browse the site.  I would be happy to give you a quote.  Just  email me  with the dates, unit and # persons or call me and book today.   I look forward to helping you plan a wonderful! ~ Deborah Neisius  @Copyright  2017:  Any infringement on site's  privately  owned photos and composition data on this site will be reported and acted upon. Share SAVE UP TO 25% BY BOOKING YOUR BELIZE VACATION RENTAL DIRECTLY You can save up to 25% by booking directly on this site instead of a 3rd party site like Flipkey, VRBO, Homeaway and Airbnb. All 3rd party sites add extra fees costing guests an average of $300 per reservation. DEBORAH NEISIUS Reservations +1 (313)910-5243 Get Quote Now Sunset Beach Condos For Rent All About Belize San Pedro Photos Rates/Reserve Now Site Menu More Sunset Beach Resort Belize ** Sunset Condos in Belize  Beachfront Belize vacation rentals  in San Pedro on Ambergris Caye, Belize www. Condos in Belize .com EN EN DA DE ES FI FR IT JA NL PL SV ZH EN EN DA DE ES FI FR IT JA NL PL SV ZH Sunset Beach is rated one of the best beach resorts on Ambergris Caye! At Sunset Beach Resort, each beachfront vacation rental has a private veranda with a mesmerizing panoramic view of Belize’s famous turquoise waters. As you gaze from your rental's balcony, you will clearly view the ocean and actually hear waves break against the Barrier Reef! We are the perfect distance from town. Downtown San Pedro is 2.5 miles/4 km away. A quick 10 minutes by golf cart or taxi. Close enough, yet far enough! All of our Belize vacation rentals at Sunset Beach are oceanfront with a  DIRECT view of Belize’s famous Barrier Reef, Hol Chan Marine Reserve and Shark Ray Ally. Take a dip in our freshwater pool with underwater bar stools lining the outdoor kitchen cove area. Our Caretaker Chapin takes great pride in keeping our beach beautiful! You'll find it sweetly adorned with dining tables, lounge chairs, pool bar stools, grills and a wet bar.   We have (9) two/three bedroom condos and (2) one bedroom condos for rent on Ambergris Caye. Each sleep up to 4- 8 . Take one of our complimentary kayaks/paddle board out and explore the water! A must do it to visit Shark Ray Alley. If you're lucky, you'll see a manatee too! We have a great selection of complimentary bicycles for you to choose from at Sunset Beach Condos in Belize. Grab one of our inner tubes and snorkel our artificial reef from our 300 foot dock. All mainland, snorkeling and diving tours are easily booked. Most tour companies will pick you up on our dock. Stir up some competitions with beachside horseshoes, outside dart board or corn hole toss game.  We also have a pool volleyball set available upon request. Please reload The Best BelizeVacation Rentals on Ambergris Caye are at Sunset Beach Resort Condos in Belize. ​ Sunset Beach Resort (also known as Sunset Condos in Belize) is a beachfront Belize vacation rental property offering Belize villas/ apartments /condos  for rent by owner.    Sunset Beach is regarded as one of the best Belize resorts on Ambergris Caye based on it's VRBO/TripAdvisor reviews, amenities , repeat guest rate and it's ideal location!   (See Photos of San Pedro) ​ Sunset Beach Condos in Belize is a privately owned, 12-unit Belizean villa complex located south of San Pedro Town on Ambergris Caye.   Sunset has one, two and three bedroom villas condo apartments for rent near that will sleep from 1 to 8 guests.       Each of our Belize beachfront vacation rentals are individually owned and impeccably decorated by it's owner.  Our Ambergris Caye villa-apartment-condos are perfect for couples and families seeking a quality vacation rental accommodation in Belize at an affordable price.  Sunset Beach does not charge an extra gratuity like many resorts in Belize charge.   (See Rates) ​ Sunset Condos in Belize offers three different sized units to fit a variety of group sizes: 1 bedroom    (Sleeps 1-4) Prices as low as $180 per night! 2 bedroom w/3rd loft    (Sleeps 6-8)  Prices as low as $230 per night! 3 bedroom    (sleep 4-8)   Prices as low as $230 per night! For more information on the individual condos, please click here. For a list of condo amenities, please click here.   LOCATION:   Belize is South of Mexico off the tip of Mexico’s Yucatan Peninsula. Belize is the size of Massachusetts.  Ambergris Caye (Am-BUR-grease Key) is the largest island in Belize and is located 30 miles from Belize City.   The island of Ambergris Caye is only 27 miles long. San Pedro is the only town on the island and has 13,000 residents.  Sunset Beach Condos is located on the island of Ambergris Caye, Belize. It is 2.5 miles /4 km south of San Pedro Town.  San Pedro is an enjoyable and easy 10-minute golf cart ride away.   (See  Location in Google Maps)   Vacationing and traveling to Belize is easy.  T he official language in Belize is English. A passport is required.  The exchange rate is simple ($2 BZ = $1 U.S. dollar) and the U.S. currency is accepted everywhere!  You will quickly feel like Sunset Beach is your home away from home.  Nearby , you will find the conveniences of a well-stocked grocery store, (4) beach bars, (5) restaurants and a tour operator.  All are within .5 miles from the resort .   All other dive and tour operators pick you up on our 300 foot dock. For more information about Belize, please click here. For information on how to get to Belize, please click here. For a list of recommended island places, please click here. ​ Located only a few feet away from the aquamarine water of the Caribbean, you can enjoy the sun, sand and nearly constant offshore breezes.   Each condo for rent at Sunset Beach is oceanfront with a DIRECT view of Belize’s famous Barrier Reef, Hol Chan Marine Reserve and Shark Ray Ally.  The waters in front of this beach vacation rental are literally swarming with an abundance of amazing sea life and our location gives you quick access to it all! There is no bad time to visit Belize.  The weather is always beautiful and the average water temperature is a warm 83 degrees!  The rainy season is June-July with quick downfalls followed by sunshine.   (See Current Weather) ​ If you are a couple, group of couples, small family, large family or big group looking for a San Pedro vacation rental on Ambergris Caye, you have come to the right place!  Our beach condos for rent at Sunset Beach Condos are a great value to those seeking luxury vacation rental accommodations in Belize with great amenities, good location and great reviews. (See Resort Photos) ​ Each Belize vacation rental is fully stocked with with all the essentials of home .  All our vacation rentals feature Italian tiled floors, custom mahogany woodwork/cabinetry,  internet/WIFI, central air conditioning, fully equipped kitchens, access to a coin operated laundry room building (washer/dryer),  tiled showers,  satellite TV and house phone (purchased calling card required).  All linens and beach towels are provided.  Daily maid service is not included, but can be arranged for an additional fee with our island concierge. Sunset Beach Resort Condos also  has complimentary bicycles, complimentary kayaks, a freshwater pool, outdoor grills, outdoor dining area, a 300 foot dock with/swim platform and over 200 feet of private beach frontage.   (See our list of Amenities)   All of the balconies of our beachfront vacation rentals has a sitting area with a mesmerizing panoramic view of Belize’s famous turquoise waters. As you gaze at the sea from your rental's balcony, you can actually see and hear waves break against  the Barrier Reef.   Each day, you will find yourself drawn to your veranda with your favorite beverage as the sun rises and sets all with the beautiful knowledge that some of the  best snorkeling and diving in the world is a mere 1/3 of a mile out! (See snorkeling photos) ​ It  will further impress you to learn that owners at Sunset Beach Resort have gone above and beyond to make sure their rental guests have fun while staying with us by supplying a huge selection of toys!   Most of the condo owners have board games and a small library of books left behind for others to enjoy.  However, the real fun is to be had on the beach.  Take one of our kayaks/paddle board out and explore the water or grab one of our inner tubes and snorkel from our 300 foot dock.  Stir up some competitions with beachside horseshoes, outside dart board or corn hole toss game.  We also have a pool volleyball set available upon request.  You may also enjoy grilling in our outdoor kitchen which offers a large entertaining space sweetly adorned with dining tables, lounge chairs, pool bar stools, grills and a wet bar.   While lodging in our Belize vacation rentals,   you will not be at a loss on how to plan your days!  Our staff will gladly offer you all the assistance and advice you need to make the most of your Belizean Vacation. TAKING TOURS:  Suya Tours is a professional on-site tour operator located in the yellow building behind the resort.  Suya Tours provides all snorkeling and mainland tours for your convenience and enjoyment including Mexico Rocks, Shark Ray Alley,  Altun Ha ruins, Altun Ha safari, cave tubing, Lamanai, Maruba Spa day trip, Hol Chan Reserve, The Blue Hole, Turneff Reef, Glovers Reef, etc.   There a dozen fully-equipped dive shops on the island and the nearest one to you would be one mile away at Ramon's Dive Shop located inside the Ramon's resort.  Arrangements are made for them to pick you up on our 300-foot dock. (See recommended tour companies)   LODGING AND SERVICES:   Our number one goal is to make your stay as relaxing and enjoyable as possible. Upon arrival,  we will send a taxi to transport you a short distance to the resort and  will help make your stay enjoyable and memorable. Our off-site island concierge will be available to assist you in planning trips for scuba diving, fishing, snorkeling, beach barbecues, or fulfilling your island dreams.  Many day excursions such as visiting the Mayan Ruins, Belize Zoo, rain forest, howler monkeys, and game Preserves may be booked through our island concierge or at Suya Tours.    MAKING A RESERVATION AT SUNSET BEACH RESORT:  A deposit equivalent to two nights stay will reserve your condo and confirm your reservation. Balance is due 30 days prior to check-in. A valid credit card is required to guarantee your reservation. Rates are per United  States Dollars (USD) and subject to a  9% Government hotel tax. CANCELLATIONS:  *With 60+ days notice, full refund less $100 cancellation fee.  Fifty percent refund with 30-60 days notice.  No refund with less than 30 days notice. ABOUT BELIZE:   Belize is one of the top ten diving destinations in the world and home to the second longest living barrier reef in the world. A quick, ten-minute boat ride away.  The official language is English. A passport is required. And the exchange rate is easy $2 BZ = $1 US Dollar. ​ The Sunset Beach Resort's Buildings were built between 2001-2003.  Sunset Beach Resort Condos in Belize is comprised of three buildings.  Building A is in the middle.  There are six condos in Building A.  It has (2) one bedrooms condos, (3) two-bedrooms + 3rd loft bedroom condos and (1) three-bedroom condo. Building B and C house  three condos each.  All the condos in Building B and C are 1800 square feet, three-bedroom, two bath condos.  Play Video (Click here for more detail on layout of  resort) ​ BUILDING A:(Middle)    (A1) Two Bedroom  (Ground Floor entrance/2 story) (A2) One Bedroom (Ground Floor) (A3) One Bedroom (Ground Floor) (A4) Two Bedroom + 3rd Loft Bedroom (Ground Floor Entrance/2 story) (A5) Two Bedroom + 3rd Loft Bedroom (2nd Floor Entrance/ 2 story) (A6) Three Bedroom (2nd Floor Entrance/ 2 story) ​ BUILDING B:(Left) (B1)  Three Bedroom (Ground Floor) (B2) Three Bedroom (2nd Floor) ​ BUILDING C:(right) (C1)  Three Bedroom (Ground Floor) (C2) Three Bedroom (2nd Floor) (C3) Three Bedroom (3rd Floor) OUR STAFF  ​ Reservationist :  Deborah Neisius Island Concierge:   Juan Carlos  Caretaker:  Chapin   Preferred Cab Driver:   Manuel (Manolo) Contreras O n-Site Tour Operator:  Suya Tours   H ousekeeping:  Janet ​ (Click here to see a map of Ambergris Caye and San Pedro)   ​ We work as a team at Sunset Beach.  My name is Deborah Neisius, and as head of reservations, I will help you efficiently get to the island and provide all the information you need to have a successful vacation.  I will personally book your golf cart,  book your charter flights,  schedule your cab rides,  arrange your golf cart pick-up & delivery and provide valuable tips for your trip.  When you arrive on the island, we will send our preferred cab driver, Manolo, to retrieve you.  We've been working with Manolo for several years and he will notify the staff you are on your way to make sure the key will be ready for you.  Our caretaker, Chapin Garcia, will  fix any problems with the facilities during your stay.  Our on-site  island concierge, Juan Carlos,  can schedule tours and answer questions. You may also walk into the Suya Tour office located behind building C and schedule tours (diving/fishing/snorkeling/mainland tours). During your stay, our housekeeper, Janet, will make sure your condo is spotless upon arrival and well stocked with all the linens you need during your stay.  If you stay more than 10 days, you get a complimentary mid-week cleaning.  If you would like additional housekeeping at your own expense, Janet can easy arrange it.  We do have a coin-operated laundry building on-site, but many guests prefer to use Irma's pick-up/drop-off laundry service which can be found in the condo notebook. ​ Sunset Beach Resort Belize.  Sunset Condos in Belize. One of the best OCEAN FRONT BELIZE VACATION RENTALS   Belize Beach Resort Villas & Condos  for Rent by Owner  - Ambergris Caye, Belize Are you looking for a Belize vacation package?   Trying to find great Ambergris Caye lodging?    Are you searching for a  Belize hotel  or Belize resort?   You want  beach front, right?  And you will want a freshwater pool too!  At Sunset Beach Resort Condos in Belize, we have affordable, luxury Ambergris Caye accommodations?  If you looking for a  beautiful Belize condo for rent by owner or you want to rent a beach front house in Belize, why not look into Ambergris Caye, Belize condo rentals at Sunset Condos  in Belize (Sunset Beach Resort)?   Here you'll find affordable,  luxury accommodations on Ambergris Caye.   So if you want a Belize beach front vacation rental with  affordable accommodations why not go for a Belize private vacation rental by owner?  Try Sunset Condos in Belize , Sunset Beach Resort, for a wonderful Belize  vacation! No Footer body end html embeds start body end html embeds end 