The Cabins at Copperhill - Your Copperhill Tennesee Mountains Cabin Getaway The Cabins at Copperhill end top-elements Our Property The Cabins Cabin 1 Cabin 2 Cabin 3 Cabin 4 Glamping Tents The Lodge Group Lodging Reviews Attractions Local Restaurants end dropdown-holder end top-main-menu end top-wrapper START REVOLUTION SLIDER 5.4.8 auto mode SLIDE MAIN IMAGE LAYERS LAYER NR. 1 Get Away From It All SLIDE MAIN IMAGE LAYERS LAYER NR. 2 Take Time To Relax SLIDE MAIN IMAGE LAYERS LAYER NR. 3 Read Our Reviews END REVOLUTION SLIDER end rev-slider-header Welcome To The Cabins at Copperhill There was once a time when families worked together, played together. Those were simpler times. There were rocking chairs on the front porch, checkerboards on the table and picnic baskets ready at a moment’s notice. Come to the Cabins at Copperhill to remember. The rocking chairs are ready! Are you looking for a base of operations for an action-filled weekend of rafting or zipline riding in the Cherokee National Forest? The Cabins at Copperhill is just 3 miles from the Cherokee National Forest , and 9 Miles from the Ocoee Whitewater Center -the site of America’s only Olympic Whitewater Rafting course. How about a romantic get-away complete with apple picking and wine tastings? We are a leisurely drive to Mercier Orchards , Serenberry Vineyards , and numerous casual and romantic restaurants. Or you’re looking for a place to build family memories with a scenic ride on a train . Maybe you prefer to do nothing, sit around the fire pit, and read a book for a weekend. With 4 rustic log cabins on 8 acres of wooded hillside, the Cabins at Copperhill in Copperhill, TN is the perfect choice for all of the above! All cabins are equipped with everything you need for the get-away you deserve! Our 8 acres of grounds include a volleyball court, horseshoe pit, a fire ring, a picnic area with picnic tables, a small stream and a stocked fishing pond. vc_grid start vc_grid end The Cabins at Copperhill The Cabins at Copperhill February 2, 2014 end main-content-padding end main-content end content-container end page-content For more information or questions: 423-496-5225 cabins@copperhillcabins.com end bottom_1 Getting Here Driving Directions end bottom_2 It sure is nice here! Currently Clear Sky 76° F Data: OpenWeathermap API end bottom_3 end bottom-content-padding end bottom end bottom-bg ©2018 The Cabins at Copperhill Back to Top end footer-bg end wrapper-1 