Cornwall Self Catering toggle menu Primary navigation Menu Home Testimonials Cottage Apartment Local Information Mevagissey Beaches Fishing Holidays in Cornwall Dog Friendly Accommodation Short Walks in Cornwall Christmas in Cornwall Close Mevagissey Holiday Cottage and Apartment Large detached property, with 4-5 bedroomed cottage, ideal for large families, above a large modern apartment suited to couples and smaller groups. Book the cottage Book the apartment The Cottage Mevagissey Cottage is an ideal base for families and groups of friends. You have 4 large bedrooms plus a games room with fold-away beds, so you could sleep 11 adults comfortably.  Mevagissey Cottage offers seclusion and peace together with free wireless broadband and easy access to all Mevagissey amenities. The balcony is South facing and offers a place to relax early evening with views of the surrounding hills.  Free parking. Find out more The Apartment Mevagissey Holiday Apartment is a large modern space ideal for families and small groups.  The garden has been landscaped to blend in with the Mevagissey relaxed pace of life, and faces South.  The decking is a great place to eat or hang-out all day, with views of the surrounding hills.  The Mevagissey Apartment has free Wi-Fi and car parking. Find out more Mevagissey The quaint Mevagissey harbour is 260m away so you can be crabbing within minutes.  Mevagissey has been a working fishing village for centuries and is very proud of the fleet.  The village is full of quaint pubs and quality restaurants. Find out more We had a great stay in Mevagissey, it’s such a lovely town and beautiful harbour. Lot’s of nice restaurants and bars. The accommodation was excellent too. A very spacious and well kept place all to ourselves. We will definitely stay there again. We had a great stay in Mevagissey, it’s such a lovely town and beautiful harbour. Lot’s of nice restaurants and bars. The accommodation was excellent too. A very spacious and well kept place all to ourselves. We will definitely stay there again. We thought the location was excellent and walked down to the pubs on most evenings, (our favourite being The Fountain).  The cottage was thoughtfully equipped and the larder surprisingly well stocked.  The beds cosy and comfy, instant hot water and heating (although this was only required on a couple of evenings).  We had a lovely holiday and the weather was surprisingly good for the last week of September.  The parking space was invaluable.  We couldn’t fault the cottage. Cornwall Self Catering © 2019. Privacy Policy site-wrapper 