Costa Rica Experts: 30 Years Planning Custom Vacations About Contact Blog Navigation Costa Rica Experts 30 Years Planning Custom Vacations Home Main Menu Destinations Arenal Volcano Manuel Antonio Osa Peninsula Monteverde Tortuguero Cloud Forests Papagayo Peninsula Tamarindo Guanacaste Nicoya Peninsula South Pacific Jaco & Central Pacific San Jose City Central Valley Caribbean Pacuare River Panama Things to do Zip Line & Canopy Beaches Wildlife Rainforests Jungles Rafting National Parks Volcanoes Waterfalls Hot Springs Diving & Snorkeling Hiking Spas Fishing Canyoning & Waterfall Rappelling Surfing Kayaking Birding Yoga Golf Mountain Biking Horseback Riding Stand Up Paddle Boarding Cave Spelunking Vacations Family Honeymoons & Romance Best Sellers Christmas & New Year’s Luxury Adventure Wildlife Beach Solo Off the Beaten Path Wellness Culinary Panama Hotels 800.827.9046 Plan Your Trip Destinations Things to do Vacations Hotels 800.827.9046 Plan Your Trip Return to Content 1.800.827.9046 When it comes to travel, one size rarely fits all. CUSTOMIZE YOUR DREAM TRIP Celebrating 30 Years Planning Custom Costa Rica Vacations Costa Rica Experts is the leading authority on Costa Rica vacations. With over 30 years of experience, we make the difference between a good trip and a lifetime memory. Let's plan your best vacation yet. Explore top destinations, activities, and attractions and customize your perfect vacation today. Family Vacations Uncover natural treasures. Play on endless beaches. Explore the wonders of Costa Rica with those you love. Honeymoon Vacations Celebrate new beginnings in a tropical paradise. Escape to secluded bungalows and rainforest hideaways. Most Popular Browse our best-selling Costa Rica vacation packages for the most popular destinations & excursions on your vacation. Christmas Vacations Get out of the cold! Experience Christmas in Costa Rica or enjoy a tropical New Years celebration from our holiday vacations collection. Luxury Vacations Indulge in 5 star, barefoot luxury only steps away from the rainforest. Adventure Vacations Adventure into Costa Rica. Experience an adrenaline rush with thrills like zip-lining, rafting, diving, and waterfall rappelling! Nature Vacations Explore natural Costa Rica. Stay in remote eco lodges. Discover untouched rainforests and abundant wildlife. Getaways Discover the Beautiful Beaches of Costa Rica Our solo vacation packages are ideally suited for independent travelers of all ages. Off The Beaten Path Vacations Discover the undiscovered. Uncover Costa Rica's best kept secrets off the beaten path. Wellness Vacations Pamper yourself in picturesque hot springs. And unwind by the sea in an all-natural, organic paradise. Culinary & Cultural Vacations Travel à la carte. Savor the flavors of locally inspired Costa Rican cuisine & discover artisan towns brimming with personality and culture. Panama Vacations Our travel Experts also craft custom vacation packages to Panama, as well as Costa Rica & Panama combo packages. Costa Rica Pre-Departure Information Utilize our complimentary resource for pre-departure & travel information before your trip! We've included our suggested packing list, tips, FAQs, and more to ensure a perfectly planned vacation. LEARN MORE Our Traveler Reviews We’ve been back from Costa Rica for a month now but just wanted to tell you what an awesome adventure you planned for us. Your service in helping us plan it was terrific. Everything went really well. We actually felt like royals with everyone waiting for  us when we were being chauffeured about. Rafting on the Pacuare was totally amazing and hiking in Corcovado with monkeys so close to us were the highlights. Thanks again. I look forward to you planning another trip for us.” –  Barb O. I want to thank you for all your help in planning this trip. It was outstanding! I would definitely refer anyone thinking about travel to Costa Rica. Everything was well organized, the activities were perfect, the resorts were excellent, the domestic flights efficient, the transfers were seamless. We’re already thinking about when we can go back.” – Peterson P. My family enjoyed every moment of the trip that you planned for us. Everything went smoothly and we experienced all there was to offer, which was a gazillion interactions with water, fauna and flora and lovely people and food and places. One great thing is that we did not bring any electronic devices with us, so nothing got in the way of all that was around us to experience. We will all recommend Costa Rica Experts to others.” – Judith S. READ OUR REVIEWS Yelp Facebook Google Plus THE LATEST FROM OUR TRAVEL BLOG The Complete Guide to Flights and Airports in Costa Rica July 19, 2019 9 Top Tips For Easier Travel With Kids in Costa Rica July 5, 2019 A Guide To The Most Popular Birds of Costa Rica June 7, 2019 YOU DESERVE A VACATION PLANNED BY EXPERTS. LET'S GET STARTED CALL US International: (773) 935-1009 USA Toll Free: (800) 827-9046 Mon-Fri: 8–6, Sat: 10–2 CT After hours? Schedule a call. FIND US 3166 N Lincoln Ave, Ste 424 Chicago, IL 60657 SUBSCRIBE Join 10k+ in receiving Expert travel advice, news & promotions! FOLLOW US We’ve been back from Costa Rica for a month now but just wanted to tell you what an awesome adventure you planned for us. Your service in helping us plan it was terrific. Everything went really well. We actually felt like royals with everyone waiting for  us when we were being chauffeured about. Rafting on the Pacuare was totally amazing and hiking in Corcovado with monkeys so close to us were the highlights. Thanks again. I look forward to you planning another trip for us.” –  Barb O. I want to thank you for all your help in planning this trip. It was outstanding! I would definitely refer anyone thinking about travel to Costa Rica. Everything was well organized, the activities were perfect, the resorts were excellent, the domestic flights efficient, the transfers were seamless. We’re already thinking about when we can go back.” – Peterson P. My family enjoyed every moment of the trip that you planned for us. Everything went smoothly and we experienced all there was to offer, which was a gazillion interactions with water, fauna and flora and lovely people and food and places. One great thing is that we did not bring any electronic devices with us, so nothing got in the way of all that was around us to experience. We will all recommend Costa Rica Experts to others.” – Judith S. “Wow! We had a magnificent vacation in Costa Rica. Thank you Costa Rica Experts for all of your excellent planning. Everything (really – everything) was planned perfectly. Our drivers were always prompt and courteous. They also liked telling us about their home. The tours that you arranged for us were all very professional. Not only did we learn new things, but we also just had fun with our guides. Again thank you so much for great suggestions and assistance. We’ll be calling you again in the future for another round.”                                 –   Bill L . “We had a great time. Your recommendations, service and follow through were unsurpassed. My wife Karen and I were extremely impressed with your service. Thanks again, this was a trip we will never forget.” – Brendan W. READ OUR REVIEWS Yelp Facebook Google Plus Costa Rica Experts © 2019. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy HOME DESTINATIONS THINGS TO DO VACATIONS HOTELS ABOUT CONTACT BLOG PLAN YOUR TRIP [if lt IE 9]> <script src="https://cdn.costaricaexperts.com/wp-content/themes/forthecause/includes/js/respond.js"></script> <![endif] PLAN YOUR TRIP NEW SITE 