Cuckoo's Nest Self Catering Family Friendly Cotswolds Holiday Cottages Home The House The Spa For Families Prices Availability Reviews Location Contact News Links Latest Photos Follow @cuckoosnest Place this render call where appropriate SPECIAL OFFER: Run away when school breaks up and enjoy a week at Cuckoos nest from Friday 19th July departing on Friday 26th of July and get 10% off.  Contact us for a quote. Cuckoo’s Nest is a family-owned holiday home located in the popular Lower Mill Estate. It is situated on the peaceful Clearwater Lake and is just a 5 minute walk from the ArtSpa - perfect for fun and relaxation. It is set in a beautiful 550 acre nature reserve and is ideal for an escape to tranqulity with the family or a group of friends. Cuckoo’s Nest is a luxury four bedroom, three bathroom home, which sleeps eight adults plus two travel cots. It is a modern glass-fronted house which makes the most of all the wonderful views of the lakes. There is a stunning double height living area on the first floor. The house has great views from all aspects and whichever way you look you can see the water. Four bedrooms – two large doubles (en-suite), two twin rooms Sleeps 8 plus 1-2 travel cots Three bathrooms: two en-suite, one family shower room Five minutes walk from the ArtSpa – indoor and outdoor heated swimming pools outdoor eco pool, sauna, steam room and treatments Canoe and fish on the lake (boat hire available) Beautiful walks on the 450-acre private nature reserve including easy access to the Thames Walk On-site restaurant and shop. Cuckoo's Nest is child-friendly and family-friendly . We have equipped our home to the highest standard for families and groups of friends. We provide luxury touches such as a welcome pack to settle you in, high quality Egyptian Cotton linen and high quality towels. There are books, games, magazines, DVD’s for all tastes, a high quality 40 inch TV, DVD’s, FreeSAT and a PlayStation to relax in the house. If you need something particular in the house we are always happy to try and help. Please do give us a call or email to discuss specific requirements. Your enjoyment of your holiday is very important to us. We are very well situated on the Lower Mill Estate, overlooking the beautiful Clearwater Lake with fantastic views. Our home is one of only a few houses with no passing cars so youngsters can run around without fear of cars driving past. Everything is within a short walk or cycle ride away. You will have access to the ArtSpa, just a 5 minutes walk from the house: a luxury spa with indoor and outdoor swimming pools suitable for all ages. The spa offers fantastic treatments and is a wonderful place to unwind. This access is included within the price of your holiday. Once outside the house you can enjoy the childrens' play areas, the many beautiful walks around the lakes, the wildlife, the boating and fishing and the spa on site. Just a short drive away you will find plenty of adventure with water skiing, bike rides, the Keynes Country Park and more. We are also ideally located to explore the Cotswold villages and attractions. If you have any questions or you would like further information please do contact us: Email: info@CotswoldHolidayHomes.com We look forward to hearing from you Caroline & Nick Beadle Dog friendly, pet friendly, child friendly, family friendly. Self Catering Cotswolds They say that the world is getting smaller and international travel has never been more accessible but there are still gems of England virtually on your doorstep that certainly warrant further investigation and the Cotswolds is one of these places. Here at the Cuckoo’s Nest we provide all the ingredients you need for a luxury Cotswold holiday. Although there are a wealth of companies out there offering holidays both in the UK and abroad these are increasingly becoming common and everyone is expected to like ‘a one size fits all’ approach, we are proud to offer something completely different. Not only will you find the accommodation to be unique in style and perfectly suited to contemporary living but you will also find your hosts Caroline and Nick Beadle possess that personal touch that is sadly lacking in most enterprises today. If you have any questions regarding any aspect of the holiday rentals Cotswolds service we offer please don’t hesitate to contact us. We can provide you with all the information you could possibly require to ensure that your time in the Cotswolds will be remembered for all the right reasons. The Cuckoos nest accommodation we offer extends over three floors and comprises of: Open plan design, fully fitted kitchen, two bedrooms with king size beds and two bedrooms with twin beds, three bathrooms, outside decking with Lake view and something that emphasises our attention to detail, a range of facilities for those with babies and young children. You think you know all about quality Cotswolds holidays? Check our site and think again. The Pride Of England There are many places in England that make claims to be the jewel in the crown in regard to location, but of course we are slightly biased and believe the Cotswolds holds that lofty accolade. As well as clean country air and friendly locals we also offer Cotswolds holiday accommodation that is a cut above the rest. In this very special part of the world you can find solitude and a relaxing atmosphere that is absent from the more conventional holiday destinations. No hordes of package tourists or demanding itineraries to conform to, just you and your family and picture postcard scenery. Cotswolds self catering cottages are proving very popular choices particularly for families as they offer you the chance to not only enjoy a pub lunch but the opportunity to select from a whole range of local produce and cook it to your exact specifications. No set times for breakfast, lunch or dinner, our Cotswolds holidays give you the freedom to do what you want, when you want and at your own pace. For those of you who do want to be a bit more active when on your holiday, Cotswold Water Park holiday homes may be just what you’ve been looking for. The Cotswold Water Park comprises of almost 150 lakes and covers an area of nearly 40 square miles. Although most of the lakes are man made they have now been left to let nature take over which has resulted in a number of wildlife havens. Cotswolds Holiday Cottages As previously mentioned there is something here to interest almost everyone and the range of activities available in and around the surrounding area really do take some beating. Watersports, fishing, swimming and scuba diving are just a few activities in which you can partake in and are only a stones throw from the Cuckoos Nest Cotswolds holiday homes. For those of you that prefer more land based activities there are also a number of activities that may be of interest, these include but are certainly not limited to: Mountain biking, Golf, climbing, horse riding or even paintball should the mood take you. More sedate attractions in the area include the Cotswold Wildlife Park and Gardens, the famous Cotswold market towns and also the world renowned Westonbirt Arboretum. In addition to the aforementioned attractions there is also the Keynes Country Park nearby complete with beach, swimming lake and of course those all important elements of any family holiday, BBQ and picnic areas. If you are still not entirely convinced as to our ability to provide you with that perfect holiday please see the testimonials section on our website, these are real comments and real feedback from people who enjoyed themselves so much they felt the need to offer a word of thanks in writing. For further information about the holiday houses Cotswolds and the surrounding area please drop us a line and we will be happy to offer some recommendations if required. Holidays From Heaven, Available On Earth If further evidence is needed as to what this part of the country can offer you need look no further than the number of celebrities who spend a great deal of time in the area. These people, many of which are household names, have the spending power to holiday or live anywhere in the world but they choose the Cotswolds. The real beauty of Cotswolds cottage holidays is that they are within reach of anyone regardless of budget. There is so much to see and do here and the real bonus is that most of the best things are free. Fresh air free, beautiful scenery free and although you will need to pay for your holiday homes in Cotswolds it is more than possible to have a wonderful holiday without breaking the bank. One of the biggest attractions in the vicinity is the Artspa. A few minutes walk from the Cuckoos Nest, this spa provides all the pampering and treatments you could ever hope for. Complimentary use of the indoor pool, outdoor heated pool, steam room, gym and sauna are just a few examples of why people mention the Artspa as one of the highlights of their holiday. The Artspa also offers a range of luxury spa treatments, including facial treatments and hot stone therapy. Please download the treatment brochure from our site for further details or call the Artspa using the telephone number detailed on our site. Cotswolds Holidays Cotswold holiday cottages provide a refreshing change for those people who wish to holiday a little closer to home. Although overseas destinations are not without their charms they can also be hard work. Checking in at the airport and arranging accommodation and currency is hard work and can even detract from the whole experience. Questionable food and questionable safety standards are just two reasons why more and more people are choosing to spend their holidays in the UK. This is especially true for people with young families as everything is familiar and basically a lot less hassle. No injections, no drinking bottled water only and no unfamiliar climate, just a wealth of activities and quality holiday lets in Cotswolds, what family could ask for more? Our aim as accommodation providers is to give you the ultimate holiday amid breathtaking surroundings and your complete enjoyment is our job satisfaction. Cotswolds holiday cottages are our speciality and if you can find a more comprehensive source of information about this area anywhere else we would be extremely surprised. Another reason why we are receiving so many enquiries is the competitive pricing structure we employ. Although the accommodation could not be described as cheap by any stretch of the imagination we believe we offer top quality accommodation for eight or more people at a price that’s right, this is something our previous guests will surely concur with. If you should have any suggestions of how we can improve or build upon our existing success please contact us, we value your feedback. Suitable For All One of the biggest problems that people face when trying to arrange a holiday is finding something that appeals to everyone; we believe we have the solution. Although a well worn phrase, holiday cottages in Cotswolds really do have something for everyone. Pubs for dad, spa treatments for mum and a cornucopia of outdoor and indoor activities for children, the choices and possibilities are seemingly endless. Clean air is reason enough to centre your Cotswolds holiday around this area especially if you are usually city based. Cotswolds holiday cottages provide the ideal environment in which to recharge your batteries and tackle another gruelling year at work. If you would like more in-depth information regarding the Cotswolds holidays available, the internet has a wealth of information resources. Getting here is also easy; Cuckoos Nest is a mere 1 hour 20 minutes from Paddington Station and is easily accessible by road, for more detailed directions please see the relevant page of our website (GL7 6FJ). To conclude, if you have any questions whatsoever about any of the information detailed on our self catering Cotswolds website please don’t hesitate to contact us. We want you to have the best possible holidays in Cotswolds experience and we will pull out all the stops to ensure everything is to your satisfaction. If you have a date in mind please check our website for availability, we would also advise you to book early, especially at the most popular times of the year such as Christmas and on school holidays. Cuckoos Nest Overview Cuckoos Nest is a luxury, contemporary, three-storey, glass-fronted, lake-side house. Ground Floor The house is designed as "upside-down living" so on the Ground Floor you will find three bedrooms an en-suite bathroom and a family shower room. First Floor The First Floor is where the living accommodation is situated with stunning views out over the lake. Second Floor The Second Floor has a Master Bedroom with en-suite bathroom looking down over the living area on the First Floor. The Cotswolds Some photos of the surrounding Cotswolds area. Privacy & Cookie Policy Terms & Conditions © Nick Beadle 2012 Last updated: 2nd June 2019 Powered by Photium 