Self Catering Holiday Cottage Near Oban, Scotland | Seafield Cottage Facebook You are here: Home Main Menu Home Inside the Cottage Location Tariff Availability Calendar Book Online Photograph Gallery What our Guests Said! Links Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Contact/Enquiry Form Seafield Cottage - self-catering holiday cottage near Oban, Argyll, Scotland Dog friendly and disabled friendly cottage sleeps 7/8 people Seafield Cottage offers  self-catering accommodation in a stunning area of the Scottish Highlands. Located in a peaceful setting just off a small lane, the cottage is detached and has fabulous views over Loch Creran. Ideal for families or small groups the accommodation is spacious and very comfortable, with all of the facilities you would expect in a home-from-home. It has a large garden and dogs are welcome by arrangement . Seafield Cottage is all on the one level and is accessed by a ramp to the front of the house making in particularly suitable for disabled visitors. The village of Benderloch and the large sandy beach at Tralee Bay are close by. Seafield Cottage has 4 bedrooms , a living/dining-room with open log fire, fully equipped kitchen and larder, sun room and a utility room. Bedroom 1 - Master Bedroom with 6ft bed and en-suite. Bedroom 2 - Double Room Bedroom 3 - Twin Room Bedroom 4 - Single Room Both the bathroom and the en-suite have a shower and a bath.  For your comfort and enjoyment other services and equipment provided include:- Open fire - initial fuel included, thereafter available locally Duvets with linen and towels provided Parking (for 3 cars) Garage with ping pong table inside! One way to keep the kids occupied if the weather is bad. Enclosed lawned garden with furniture WiFi Dogs welcome by arrangement Disabled ramp access to front door Brilliant local village shop and petrol station. The Pink Shop is about a mile away and stays open till 10pm. You can find more information and pictures of the inside of the cottage on this page - Inside the Cottage . There is plenty to see and so in the area, Seafield Cottage is a great base no matter what your interests. Oban is a just a 15-minute drive away. Attractions nearby include the Sea Life Sanctuary, horse riding, water sports and forest walks. There is easy access to Glencoe and to the ski lift at Aonach Mhor, near Fort William. The Hebridean islands of Mull, Lismore and Iona are easily reached by short ferry crossings from Oban, and offer wonderful scenery and wildlife. Your local pub is a short drive 4½ miles away. Also close by is the well known Wide Mouth Frog restaurant in the Dunstaffanage Marina. You can use our Availability Calendar to check if the dates you want are free, and then reserve your cottage holiday straight away using using our online booking form . If you have any questions we like to talk to our guests, so just pick up the phone and call us on +44 [UK] (0)7899 757 655. The garden at Seafield Cottage with stunning views over Loch Creran. Seafield Cottage, self-catering accommodation with all the comforts of home. Great base for hill walking, mountain climbing, sailing or a relaxing, romantic break. An ideal Valentine hide away. Evening skies near the cottage. Port Appin and Castle Stalker are just 15 minute drive away. Tranquil easy woodland walks are a 5 minute drive away.   Seafield Holiday Cottage   Read our reviews   Find us on Facebook   Copyright © Seafield Cottage 2019. All rights reserved. Start of StatCounter Code for Joomla End of StatCounter Code for Joomla 