Cottage Resort | Indian Point, Branson Missouri end #logo Make a reservation by phone: (800) 338-7228 1575 Tablerock Circle, Branson MO, 65616 Make a reservation by e-mail: inforequest@cottageresort.us end .header-contact end .header-additional   Rooms and Rates Groups & Reunions Private Homes Local Info Gallery Location Reserve Now!   end .wrapper   end .hermes-gallery-slide   end .hermes-gallery-wrapper Your Email Arrival Departure   .wrapper .wrapper-form .wrapper .wrapper-booking end #hermes-gallery Welcome to the Cottage Resort The Cottage Resort is located on beautiful Table Rock Lake, Branson, Missouri, on the peninsula of Indian Point, just minutes from Silver Dollar City. We are just a short drive from all the Branson shows, attractions, activities, plus golf, shopping and much more! We have Stand Alone Cottages that are an affordable and private way to enjoy your Branson vacation and with traffic-free access to Silver Dollar City. Why stay in a Branson hotel or condo when you can have your very own cottage? We have accommodations for couples or small families, and we can also accommodate your large group or reunion with our dining hall and gazebo and would love to host your family reunion. Our on-site Market has groceries for your full kitchen, swimwear, fishing tackle, and more. We are less than 100 yards from Table Rock Lake . Enjoy fishing or boating on Table Rock Lake with Indian Point Marina just a short walk away. Park your boat FREE of charge. Enjoy your nights with horse shoes, a stroll near the lake, or a quick drive into Branson to catch your favorite show. Yes, we offer pet-friendly units! Click Here to Request a Reservation   end .welcome-message end .post-cover Rooms and Rates   We offer a wide range of accommodations to suit most any lodging need from couples to small families to large club and family reunions.  A large meeting room with fully-equipped kitchen is available for an additional fee. Rate Policies: Peak […] Continue reading end .post-excerpt   end .frame end .outer-frame end .featured-page end .post-cover Location   We are the closest resort to Indian Point Boat Dock on Table Rock Lake where all water facilities are available (Only 100 yards). There is plenty of room to park your boat trailer on our property. We also have a […] Continue reading end .post-excerpt   end .frame end .outer-frame end .featured-page end .post-cover Groups & Family Reunions   The Cottage Resort has the amenities and accommodations to host your next family reunion or group gathering. From church groups to work retreats to motorcycle clubs, we’ve hosted all sorts of reunions at the Cottage Resort. We have a large […] Continue reading end .post-excerpt   end .frame end .outer-frame end .featured-page   end .featured-pages   Recent News Branson Festival of Trees October 7, 2018 / Uncategorized Summer Winds Resorts and Chick-fil-A will be partnering up this holiday season to add the 1st Annual Branson Festival of Trees to the growing list of holiday festivities throughout the region. This new event, which will be taking place November 4 – December 10, will be […] Continue reading end .post-excerpt   end .hermes-post end .post-cover Jingle Bell Special September 26, 2018 / Uncategorized   JINGLE BELL SPECIAL!!!!   Book and Stay with us for the Holiday Season!   Reserve a 2 bedroom/2 bath Cottage From November 25, 2018 till December 31, 2018 Sunday thru Thursday stay!!! 2night minimum stay required. For $84 plus […] Continue reading end .post-excerpt   end .hermes-post It’s Fall Ya’ll Special!!! September 19, 2018 / Uncategorized     As a past visitor to our beautiful Ozark area, I want to let you know about some of our Fall/Winter specials we are running.  Beginning September 12 2018 through the end of the year, we are offering a […] Continue reading end .post-excerpt   end .hermes-post end .post-cover Christmas is right around the corner!!! Silver Dollar City will be turning on the lights on November 3, 2018. September 17, 2018 / Uncategorized Continue reading end .post-excerpt   end .hermes-post end .post-cover Silver Dollar City – Festival of Wonder – Open NOW! April 13, 2018 / Silver Dollar City The Festival of Wonder April 11-29, 2018  Open Wednesday – Sunday All-new shows starring the electrifying CirqUnique, illusionist Vitaly Beckman, the X-Pogo Stuntmen and US National Mandolin Champion Radim Zenkl. Crowd favorites The Earth Harp Collective, speed painting act PAINTJAM […] Continue reading end .post-excerpt   end .hermes-post Coming Spring 2018: A Revolutionary Coaster — Time Traveler™! February 20, 2018 / Local Information , Silver Dollar City The World’s Fastest, Steepest & Tallest Spinning Coaster is set to debut at Silver Dollar City this spring. This $26 million, record-breaking roller coaster features three inversions — the most ever on a spinning coaster, including a 95-foot tall vertical […] Continue reading end .post-excerpt   end .hermes-post Coming in May – America’s Fun Park February 18, 2018 / Local Information “The idea is, if you remember when you were a kid, going to the state fair and going through the midway.  We’re going to take the state fair midway and move it to the strip in Branson,” Billington says. “There’s […] Continue reading end .post-excerpt   end .hermes-post Shepherd of the Hills – Memorial Day Summer Kick-Off February 15, 2018 / Local Information Sample & Vote on Finger Lickin’ BBQ Boat/ RV Show Power Sport Show Kids Zone/ Inflatables Live Music Food Vendors Live Music Daily Firework Shows Carnival Games Family Fun   For more info:  https://theshepherdofthehills.com/events/summerkickoff-2018/ Continue reading end .post-excerpt   end .hermes-post end .hermes-posts   end .widget end .hermes-column.wide Connect with Us Like us on Facebook end .hermes-social TripAdvisor Reviews end .hermes-social end .hermes-connect   Photo Gallery end .post-cover   end .hermes-gallery-widget-photo end .post-cover   end .hermes-gallery-widget-photo end .post-cover   end .hermes-gallery-widget-photo end .post-cover   end .hermes-gallery-widget-photo end .post-cover   end .hermes-gallery-widget-photo end .post-cover   end .hermes-gallery-widget-photo end .hermes-gallery-widget More Photos   Verified Testimonials A+ Customer Service My wife and I brought our children to Branson for Spring Break this year. We reserved a 2 bed, 2 bath cottage. We called prior to the 4:00 PM check-in to see if we could check in early, to which they said yes. The first night here our youngest got a stomach bug. He threw up on himself, several towels, every change of clothes we brought for him and a change of clothes for both myself and my wife. We called about getting more towels and cleaning supplies and not only did they provide new towels and cleaning supplies, but they also took our personal clothes to wash them for us. We are beyond grateful to The Cottage Resort and their wonderful staff and would recommend them to anyone who is thinking of staying here. A+ customer service. end .hermes-testimonial Ashton B , Nowata, Oklahoma Perfect Getaway Wife, son and I recently stayed at the Cottage Resort in a two bedroom cabin, it was fantastic, just perfect!  Screened porch was nice, clean cabin, had everything we needed.  Cottage Market on property was nice for milk, beer, and ice, had many other items too.  Property managers were great!  Excellent location to everything.  Indian Point Marina was within walking distance, we rented a pontoon and had a great time on Table Rock Lake.  Seen the local deer too, very peaceful and quite, would highly recommend this property, we will return again soon.  Thanks for making our getaway perfect! Gary McElhaney end .hermes-testimonial     end .hermes-column.last     end .wrapper end #content Make a reservation by phone: (800) 338-7228 · 1575 Tablerock Circle, Branson MO, 65616 · inforequest@cottageresort.us end .header-contact end .footer-additional end .wrapper   end .column   end .column   end .column   end .column .column-wide   Copyright © Cottage Resort. All Rights Reserved end .wrapper end #container 