Cottonwood Lodge & Cabin Rentals - Gustavus, Alaska Open May thru September Cottonwood Lodge and Cabin Rentals offers magnificent scenery, outdoor activities, a convenient location, and excellent rates. Located right outside Glacier Bay National Park. Book Now cabins Each Cabin offers                                                                           Cabin dimensions 18' X 24' Vaulted ceilings w/exposed beams Covered deck with barbeque Fully equipped kitchen Bathroom with large shower Queen or full size beds  Provided for guest                                                        Airport & Ferry Dock transfers Bicycles many sizes and types Bird watching Fishing poles Activities we book and provide transportation         Kayaking Whale watching Fishing charters Glacier Bay tour Hiking rates & policy 2019 Rates All cabins $125/night double occupancy Add'l Person $15/night  max. 4 people Minimum 2 night stay Discounts for stays of 7 days and longer Children 7 and under stay for free Add 4% sales/bed tax Policy This is a non-smoking facility. A 50% deposit is due at time of reservation with balance due on arrival. All cancellation requests made by mail or e-mail. Cancellations will incur a $50 processing fee.     Full refund if cancelled at least 21 days prior to arrival. A 50% refund if cancelled 14-20 days prior to arrival after which there will be no refund,  unless we can rebook the cabin. Check in between 3:00 & 7:00 PM Check out is at 11:00 AM Individual cabins built in private settings on ten areas The  Cottonwood Lodge has attempted to make the guest feel as though he has his own cabin in Alaska, a place to return to  year after  year.  We are located in  Gustavus, a small coastal community,  approximately 50 air miles  west of  Juneau,  Alaska.    This remote city  within  the  Tongass National Forrest is bordered by the waters of Icy Strait and Glacier Bay National Park &  Reserve.  The scenic views from a bush  plane  flying over this  wilderness leaves  the visitor with a lifetime of memories.                                            All Photos are taken at or around the Lodge garden Contact Us We offer individual cabins built in private settings on ten acres of spruce, pine, and cottonwood trees.  The meadow on this property has a variety of wild flowers and berry bushes.  This is prime habitat for birds and moose of which there are almost daily sightings. If you have a question  just ask   rental@cottonwoodlodge.net .   We look forward to hearing from you. Cottonwood Lodge & Cabin Rentals 2101 Gustavus Road Gustavus, AK 99826 us (907) 697-2227 get started on reservation get started on reservation Name Email* Number of people in your party Preferred Travel Dates Send This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Cancel Cottonwood Lodge & Cabin Rentals 2101 Gustavus Road Gustavus, AK 99826 us (907) 697-2227 Copyright © 2019 Cottonwood Lodge & Cabin Rentals   - All Rights Reserved. Powered by GoDaddy GoCentral Website Builder 