Balquhidder Glen | Cottage in Balquhidder, Perthshire, Scotland info@cottage-in-scotland.co.uk +44 (0)7885 10 33 53 Navigation Close Home About the Cottage Exterior Interior Garden Winter in Scotland Virtual tour Local Area Activities Local Scenery Places and Events What’s On 2015 What’s On 2018 Restaurants Places of Interest Tariffs Terms and Conditions Contact us Discover the scenic & historic Braes of Balquhidder A spacious and comfortable 400 year old stone cottage, nestling in its own large garden in a beautiful quiet glen setting, surrounded by mountains in Scotland’s first national park. Sleeping 6, this family home, in the heart of Rob Roy country, is available for holiday lets and is just 75 minutes drive from Edinburgh/Glasgow respectively. About the cottage This deceptively spacious cottage has been home to and enjoyed by four generations since 1945. It is part of the owners' history for family celebrations and holds many happy memories of fun, relaxing holidays and adventures at all times of the year. Now it is available for you to make your own memories with lots to do or nothing to do, the choice is yours. Inside the cottage Enjoy entertaining, preparing and eating meals or playing board and card games around the large kitchen table, the heart of the home. Relax in the window seat, gazing at the views or reading a book. Laze in front of the roaring log fire whilst watching your favourite television programme or DVD. There are also packs of cards and board games to suit all ages. Local Scenery Wide open spaces and heather strewn hills are ideal for country walks with magnificent views wherever you look. Unblemished by light pollution, savour the spectacular star studded night skies, sunsets and sunrises. You may even be fortunate enough to witness the Aurora Borealis (Northern Lights) and spot local wildlife; from red deer to eagles and more. Show your interesting. Fill out the form below and we will get in touch with details about the cottage. Email: info@cottage-in-scotland.co.uk Telephone: +44 (0)7885 10 33 53 designyourcode.io 