Hotel, Motel - Country Inn - Lampasas, Texas NEWLY REMODELED ROOMS AVAILABLE AT GREAT RATES ! Country inn Country inn Home Reservation Book now More Home Reservation Book now Home Reservation Best Value hotel in Lampasas. We aim to be your best home away from home!  Better then franchise we're Personal . Book Now ! (512)556-6201 About Us Our Hotel   Best value in central Texas at the Country Inn hotel in Lampasas, TX If you’re looking for an affordable hotel in Lampasas, TX, remember you can always get more for your hard-earned money here with us!Enjoy a complimentary WiFi at Country Inn in Lampasas. Largest swimming pool .Conveniently Park at the your room door step for easy access.  The Country inn of Lampasas is just steps away from some of Lampasas's finest attractions. The hotel is walking distance to fabulous restaurants, shopping, museums, and across from the famous City Park. Amenities We offer a variety of amenities to make your stay with us as comfortable as possible. Cable is available in every room with the option of pay-per-view movies. We provide complimentary high-speed internet access.    Sleep easy with these features and amenities.             *   DIRECTV  Residential Experience Complimentary Local Calls Parking at Door Fax Handicap Accessible Non-Smoking Rooms Outdoor Pool Restaurants Nearby Vending/Ice Machines WiFi Internet Air Conditioning 100% Satisfaction Guaranteed Whether this is your first visit, or you have been a guest many times, we want your experience to be excellent. Our staff is always available to help with any questions or concerns you may have.    Guest rooms feature: USB ports Flat-screen TV Premium cable channels  Micro / Fridge Photo Gallery Welcome !! Price List Rooms See for yourself what makes our rooms second-to-none.Get your money’s worth our reasonably priced hotel in Lampasas, TX. Two Queen Room From $64/night Two Queen  beds, Direct tv with led television, King Room From $59/night One King bed, Direc tv with led television, full bath  Kitchenette Suites Our Kitchine suites offer breathtaking views of the city and world-class comfort From $69/night Contact Us Book Now Name Email* Send This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Ready to book with us? Have a question about our rooms or services? We'll be happy to help! Country Inn 1502 South Key, Lampasas, TX 76550. (512)556-6201 Front Desk Hours OPEN 24 Hours   Our Promise Our promise is to give you, our wonderful guests, the best in service. If we fail to meet your expectations at any point, please alert a staff member so that we can correct any issues immediately. Stay connected Email Address Subscribe Copyright © 2018 Country Inn - All Rights Reserved. Powered by GoDaddy GoCentral Website Builder 