Cove Resort at Fish Lake, Leavenworth, WA | Fishing, Boat Rentals, Boat Launch, Camping, Store The Cove Resort at Fish Lake ...where your fish story becomes a reality! 22494 Chiwawa Loop Road Leavenworth, Washington 98826 (509)763-3130 header Home Campground Rental Boats Cabin Rental Fish Lake Topo Map Cove Resort Location Map Photo Gallery Getting Here headerbar Latest Cove Resort NEWS... All Cove Resort News » more-stuff news-box Upcoming Cove Resort EVENTS... The first three events are shown. ALL Upcoming Cove Resort Events » more-stuff news-box Helpful LINKS... Bavarian Village of Leavenworth Fish Lake Area WEATHER Lake Wenatchee and Fish Lake Area Information Lake Wenatchee State Park Okanogan-Wenatchee National Forest Road Map and Mileage Locator Washington State Boating Information Washington State Sportfishing Regulations left Breadcrumb NavXT 5.1.1 Home Welcome to the Cove Resort at Fish Lake!   Fish Lake at a glance... Size 500 acres Fish Species Rainbow Trout German Brown Trout Yellow Perch Fishing Season All Year Long! Fish Lake Area WEATHER National Weather Service conditions North-Central Washington's Cove Resort, surrounded by the Okanogan-Wenatchee National Forest, is located in Chelan County on Fish Lake near Leavenworth, Washington. Vacation Destination The Bavarian Village of Leavenworth, only twenty minutes away, is a top tourist destination. Other family members can visit town while you fish. We’ll get you on the water Guests can fish off the dock, rent a boat for trolling or still-fishing, or just simply relax and enjoy the quiet atmosphere. Your own boat is welcome Use our boat launch for easy lake access. Our store is ready to serve you We’re stocked with food, beverages, tackle and gear, as well as the latest fish stories! Our camping area is within walking distance to the store and the lake! We provide the following recreation services… Boat Rentals ⇒ You can rent 14 or 16ft. aluminum motor boats and row boats. We also offer 20ft pontoon boats.  All you need to bring is your gear. Boat Launch Boat Moorage Dock Fishing Our dock is located over one of the best fishing areas, and is a good place to relax and catch fish on a windy day.   Camping ⇒ The Cove’s camping area has room for tents, trailers, and RVs. The campground has restrooms, showers, a playground, and RV power and water hookups! Cabin Rental ⇒ Call us at (509)763-3130 for availability. Store Our store is a quick source of bait and tackle, beer, wine, and groceries. We stock what the fish are biting on. Come visit us soon! Your Hosts… Scott and Nadine West center innerwrap clearfooter - Return to Top of Page - © Cove Resort, All Rights Reserved Log in | Website by 11worth Design | HTML5 footer outer 