ï»¿ Croyde Cottages | Beautiful Holiday Cottages Important Owl stylesheet Default Theme jQuery 1.7+ Include js plugin Toggle Home The Farmhouse Toggle Farmhouse Home Booking Rates Guest Book The Barn Toggle Barn Home Booking Rates Guest Book The Granary Toggle Granary Home Booking Rates Guest Book Croyde Contact Us The Barn Enjoy the beautiful cottage garden. The Barn The large country kitchen is the heart of this home. The Barn Relax in the stylish contemporary living room. The Farmhouse Enjoy a glass of wine or bbq on the patio. The Farhouse Comfy living room. The Farmhouse The Farmhouse kitchen is just that. The Granary The Granary Stylishly decorated living area. Croyde Perfect for families and surfers alike. Croyde Bay Bodyboarders ** Early Spring Special Offers** Get upto 20% off selected dates. We are pleased to announce that The Granary now has The Farmhouse Quick Info Farmhouse Sleeps 6 Bedrooms 3 Bathrooms 2.5 Prices From Â£344-Â£807 Short Break The Barn Quick Info Barn Sleeps 6 Bedrooms 3 Bathrooms 3 Prices From Â£380-Â£897 Short Break The Granary Quick Info Granary Sleeps 2 Bedrooms 1 Bathrooms 1 Prices From Â£187-Â£331 Short Break 6pm Late Departure sometimes available in low season for short breaks Â£30 Croyde @guardian/top-10-walks-in-devon North Devon boasts glorious walks for the experienced hiker, the casual weekend rambler and young families alike. The National Trust website has downloadable map packs to suit all abilities and age groups. Explore the dramatic river gorge at Watermeet. For a wonderful day trip for the whole family Lundy Island has a lot to offer (ferry crossings from Ilfrcombe and Bideford). To view all that the National Trust has to offer in North Devon visit www.nationaltrust.org.uk Croyde Bay This area plays host to some of the most glorious beaches in the UK. There are so many to choose from, but with Croyde Bay only 5 mins walk from our cottages you may not want to leave. Croyde Bay is a family friendly, lifeguard patrolled beach, which is perfect for both young families and surfers. However if the mood strikes you there are a host of others wonderful beaches to choose from to suit everyone, to view a full list visit www.devonbeachguide.co.uk Baggy Point With Baggy Point right on your door step, if you love outdoor pursuits you've come to the right place! This beautifully dramatic tract of headland stretching from Croyde Bay to Morte Bay includes many hidden beaches and coves. The sandstone cliffs make it perfect for rock climbers or coasteering. The wonderful array of coves and lifeguard patrolled beaches mean this is perfect territory for surfers & swimmers of all abilities. Whether you're a veteran surfer looking for a challenge or a novice looking for a good surf school, this is the place for you. Croyde boasts a number of excellent surf schools Croyde Surf Academy &  Surfing Croyde Bay. Terms & Conditions FAQ's Site Map All Rights Reserved Â© 2014-2016 