Daisy Polk Inn HEADER Home Our Rooms Reservations Location FOLDER Amenities Local Attractions Local Transit Breakfast Menu Miss Daisy's Story Interactive Guest Map FOLDER Reviews Tripadvisor BedandBreakfast.com Yelp Press Our Guest Book Guest Policies Contact Home Our Rooms Reservations Location FOLDER Amenities Local Attractions Local Transit Breakfast Menu Miss Daisy's Story Interactive Guest Map FOLDER Reviews Tripadvisor BedandBreakfast.com Yelp Press Our Guest Book Guest Policies Contact SITE TITLE OR LOGO Daisy Polk Inn The historic bed and breakfast in the heart of Dallas' Oaklawn neighborhood SITE contact info 2917 Reagan Street Dallas, TX, 75219 United States 214.522.4692 daisy@daisypolkinn.com Daisy Polk Inn - The historic bed and breakfast in the heart of Dallas' Oaklawn neighborhood. CONTENT INJECTION POINT CATEGORY NAV Welcome   Come on in, sit down, and have a visit. The main house at 2917 Reagan Street and the adjoining Dickason cottage both date back to the first decade of the 20th century.  The accommodations are warm and period appropriate in the main house, built in 1910, while the cottage, built in 1904, provides contemporary decor.  Miss Daisy's house has been open as a B&B since 2006 and she has welcomed guests from around the world in that time. So, we would like to invite you to browse through our rooms by clicking the menu link and select the space that feels most comfortable for your stay. Welcome to Dallas and we look forward to your visit. Miss Daisy Cantrell Polk circa 1919   Check-in time: 3pm daily (accomodations can be occasionally be made for earlier or after 8pm arrivals) Check-out time: 11am daily  Room Rates for 2018*   The following rates are valid from January 1, 2018: Daisy, Reagan & Julie rooms (Queen beds) $119-199/night** Dickason, Katy & Lily rooms (Standard beds) $99-199/night **  (Please check our reservation calendar for the most up-to-date rates or possible discounts being offered)   ** These rates include continental breakfast with pastry, fruit, coffee and juice. Our organic gourmet breakfast will be available for $20/person each morning.   FULL   BREAKFAST OPTIONS *All bookings involving 3 or more rooms for the same party will have a gratuity of 13% added to the room rate unless other arrangements are made at the time guests check-in.   *All prices shown are per night based on double occupancy before tax. Prices may vary without further notice. For an up-to-date listing of availability and/or rates for specific dates please click on the Reservations link in the menu. FOOTER WITH OPEN BLOCK FIELD Photography by Michael Napier Photography All information Copyright © 2015-2018 by Daisy Polk Inn, all rights reserved. INJECTION POINT FOR TRACKING SCRIPTS AND USER CONTENT FROM THE CODE INJECTION TAB end #innerWrapper end #outerWrapper 