Days Inn Athens, GA | Find the convenience of a wonderful location in a comfortable and affordable hotel weather start main nav Home About Us Rooms Contact Us end main nav end twelve end header inside-post-slider end twelve columns end container Call us for reservation at (706) 543-6511 Online Reservation Discover rooms available Rates apply to smoking and non-smoking rooms. You will appreciate our super clean rooms. We are walking distance from downtown Athens and offer a breakfast buffet. Pets are not allowed. Days Inn at Athens, GA has many on-line specials throughout the year. To take advantage of these limited-time specials and to reserve a room on-line, please CLICK HERE . Double Queen Room From $63.96* with breakfast included Days Inn in Athens, Georgia offers the following rate programs. Please note that Days Inn offers other special rates during the year. Standard Rates... Read more Single King Room From $55.76* a comfortable solution Days Inn in Athens, Georgia offers the following rate programs. Please note that Days Inn offers other special rates during the year. Standard Rates... Read more About the Hotel Read more Welcome to Days Inn, Athens, Georgia! Located in the heart of Athens, we are just minutes away from downtown, UGA, the State Botanical Gardens, historic district, parks, local entertainment and attractions. Athens, Georgia is a vibrant city that defines sophisticated southern culture. Just below the foothills of the Blue Ridge Mountains, this university city of just over 100,000 residents offers visitors a unique blend of Southern heritage and contemporary entertainment. Days Inn in Athens conveniently located within a walking distance from the downtown shopping area and the University of Georgia. Hotel Facilties Read more All of our 75 rooms are spacious, clean, and elegant, and can provide plenty of room for up to 4 people. You may choose to stay in a room with 2 queen beds or 1 king bed. We offer many amenities such as: Both smoking and non-smoking rooms including disability access, a large swimming pool and ice/vending machines A 24-hour front desk service, hair dryers, cable television, tables and chairs, AM/FM clock and refrigerators in all rooms FREE Wifi, continental breakfast, local telephone calls, newspaper AND parking! We offer discount rates and accept major credit cards. With just a few clicks, you can register on-line to stay at Days Inn in Athens, Georgia. You may also call us at 706-543-6511. About Us Contact us Rooms Copyright © 2013 All Rights Reserved. Days Inn, Athens, GA. footer site-wrapper 