Cloud 10 Vacation Rental - Home Begin Tree Cloud 10  Vacation Rental Deep Creek Lake END w-header-area More Home Why Choose Cloud 10? Guest Comments Photo Gallery Amenities Area Activities Rates Availability Specials Request Info Location & Directions Airport July 4th Fireworks My Realtor My Other Properties What's New Begin Tree Click here to edit title. Click here to edit text. < 1 > Begin Tree Fun Unlimited - Check out my new arcade at the lake! Be sure to check out my new business just 2 miles from Cloud 10 & Big Timber, 4 miles from Ski & Glee!  It's called Fun Unlimited at 173 Friendsville Rd, McHenry MD and has 94 arcade games, all set to free play.  There is also a vintage room for 16 & up that has 30 games from the 1960's including 16' ball bowlers, 12' shuffleboards, poker machines, rifle games and pitch & bat pinballs.  There are 64 modern games for all ages including 10 pinballs, Terminator salvation, Aliens, racing games, shooting games, golfing and more.  Best food around for minimal prices for players, $2 for each menu item.  The best pizza you will ever try with 5 cheeses, garlic butter crust, tons of pepperoni and a huge slice from a 16' pizza.  Chicken quesadillas with 2 layers of colby jack/cheddar, fire roasted onions/peppers and only the best chicken breast with fajita seasoning.  A huge 1/4 lb Hebrew National hot dog on a warmed bun for just $2 as well.  Pepsi fountain drinks with free refills, $2. Pricing specials are 1 free parent with each child under 16 (limit 2 parents) and tiered pricing, $15/1st hour, $10/2nd hour and just $5 for all additional hours pro-rated by the minute.  Come see what I've worked on for the last year and a half to bring this to the lake! Please see my website for photos and more details: www.fununlimiteddcl.com Fun Unlimited is one of 3 arcades at the lake but by far the biggest and most affordable! There are 102 games all set to free play, play anything you want as long as you want!  We have a working vintage museum for adults 16 and up with 30 vintage and social games from the 1950's - 1970's!  Touch screens, video poker, shuffleboard, rifle gallery games, shuffle bowlers, pitch & bat pinballs and ball bowlers 16' long!  There are 72 more games for all ages on the lower level including 14 pinball machines, 28 racers, shooters, skee ball, flight simulators and so much more.  There is also unlimited mini golf at no extra charge!  Food is spectacular and the facility is sparkling clean.   It is also BYOB!  Beer & Wine only, cans & plastic only, no bottles and no liquor. This is a must visit! Pricing specials are 1 free parent with each child under 16 (limit 2 parents) and tiered pricing, $15/1st hour, $10/2nd hour and just $5 for all additional hours pro-rated by the minute.  Come see what I've worked on for the last year and a half to bring this to the lake! Please see my website for photos and more details: www.fununlimiteddcl.com                         Welcome to Cloud 10        This property is non-smoking and no pets are allowed.  Family groups only      4 Wheel Drive vehicles are required during winter months. Cloud 10 is on facebook - http://www.facebook.com/Cloud10.DeepCreekLake Cloud 10 not available for your dates?  Please take a look at my other propert ies at the lake Please view the What's New page to see photos and descriptions of what new additions and improvements have been added to the property.  The Why Choose Cloud 10 page highlights what makes Cloud 10 special with descriptions and photos of Cloud 10's best amenities. * There is a new reality show airing on PBS stations nationwide called "Getting Away Together".  It follows a group of family and friends as they vacation in Deep Creek Lake.  If you are thinking of coming to Deep Creek Lake, this is great viewing!  http://vimeo.com/36981900 Don't miss the McHenry Highland Festival, Art & Wine Festival, Autumn Glory Festival and other great events Deep Creek lake has to offer!  Click the Area Activities link for more info. Conveniently located in Deep Creek Lake, MD across from the WISP ski resort. Walking distance to Black bear restaurant and bar, Smiley's pizzaria, arcade, gokart race track, mini golf and the lake. Less than a mile from the grocery store, video rentals, boat rentals and restaurants. 4 miles from the Honi Honi bar and only 1 mile to WISP ski lodge. There are state parks with waterfalls, hiking trails and mountain biking trails within minutes away. There is a unique man made outdoor white water rafting course at the WISP resort where you can kayak and raft from class 2 up to class 5 rapids. You must ride the "Mountain Coaster" when you come, it is so much fun and is also located at the WISP resort. The view is spectacular with a full panorama of the lake and WISP ski slopes. Sunsets are breathtaking. The house sleeps 12 with 4 queen size bedrooms and 2 queen size pull out sofas, 4 full bathrooms, dining table for 8 with kitchen table for 6. There are 2 60" HD tvs with DirectTV satellite, XBox with 19 games and DVD movies for your visual entertainment. 3 other TVs in the bedrooms with DVD players for private viewing. There is a full size arcade with 9 full size video arcade games, 1 pinball machine, 1 air hockey table, 1 foosball table, 1 billiard table, 1 dart board and a 6 seat poker table! The games are all set to free play so leave your quarters at home.  Cloud 10 boasts the only property at the lake with it's very own private mini golf course!   Remember, the weather doesn't always cooperate but this home will prevent a bad weather day from being a "bad day"!            --This is the view of the WISP ski resort and the lake from the deck at night.   Begin Tree Recent Photos Recent Videos Deep Creek fireworks finale 5145 views - 0 comments Deep Creek July 4th Fireworks 2008 16803 views - 0 comments Newest Members Begin Tree To inquire/make reservations, click the Request Info link on the left. Like this site? I can build one for you - www.vacationrentalhelper.com 