 The Desoto House Hotel | Downtown Galena Illinois Hotel and Restaurants Accommodations Guest Rooms Reserve Your Stay Meetings & Banquets Weddings Additional Amenities Restaurants Courtyard Restaurant Green Street Tavern Generals’ Restaurant Packages & Specials Packages Internet Specials Upcoming Events About The DeSoto House Hotel History How To Get Here Hotel Shops The DeSoto Dispatch Contact Us 230 S. Main Street Galena, IL 61036 Book Your Stay Online Or Call 815.777.0090 or 800.343.6562 social icons Welcome To The DeSoto House Hotel Learn About The DeSoto House Hotel close .slider-container close .width-container close .flex-caption What’s Happening At The DeSoto House See The Events Happening in 2018! close .slider-container close .width-container close .flex-caption Generals’ Lounge Cocktail Hour, Sunday – Thursday 5:00pm – 7:00pm close .slider-container close .width-container close .flex-caption DeSoto House Restaurants Learn More About Courtyard, Green Street Tavern, and Generals’ Restaurants close .slider-container close .width-container close .flex-caption Have Your Next Event At The DeSoto House! Learn More About Meeting and Banquet Amenities close .slider-container close .width-container close .flex-caption Relax and enjoy our History close .slider-container close .width-container close .flex-caption close .flexslider #page-title The featured slider is called from the header.php located in the slider-progression.php file display homepage widgets Check-In Date: Nights: 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 Adults: 2 3 4 Children: 0 1 2 Check Availability! homepage widgets end this code pull in the homepage content <h2 class="title-anchor">The DeSoto House Hotel &#8211; Downtown Galena Illinois</h2> Homepage Child Pages Start Welcome To The DeSoto House Click play to watch the video above to learn about The DeSoto House Hotel “Illinois’ Oldest Operating Hotel.” More Information Accommodations We offer 55 graciously decorated oversized Victorian style rooms named for historic personages who visited Galena. More Information Packages & Specials Come and enjoy the fall season at the DeSoto House Hotel and see all that Galena has to offer with our special packages! More Information Upcoming Events Come see what’s happening at the DeSoto House Hotel! Find information about the upcoming events, holidays and more! More Information Courtyard Restaurant The Courtyard Restaurant is a lovely four story atrium serving breakfast and lunch daily. More Information Green Street Tavern This corner pub serves your favorite wine or cocktails with great appetizers, salads, sandwiches, and special entrees. More Information Generals’ Restaurant Named in honor of Galena’s Nine Civil War Generals’, this restaurant is open for casual fine evening dining. More Information Weddings Let the DeSoto House Hotel make your day a Historic Event.  Since 1855 we have been the premier location for Galena’s most beautiful weddings. More Information Meetings & Banquets The DeSoto House provides the finest meeting facilities in the area for groups of any size. More Information Hotel History The DeSoto House Hotel is the oldest operating hotel in Illinois, first opening its doors in 1855.  Find out more about the DeSoto House History. More Information Homepage Child Pages End close .content-container-anchor close .width-container close #main Upcoming Events Fun Facts and Fashions – Saturday, July 20th An Evening with Mr. & Mrs. Lincoln – Saturday, July 27th An Afternoon with the General and His Wife – Saturday, August 17th Ladies Get a Way Weekend – Friday, September 6th-Saturday, September 7th Fabulous First Ladies – The Power Behind the Power – Saturday, September 21st 13th Annual Galena Octoberfest – Saturday, October 5th Murder & Mayhem in a Mining Town – Saturday, October 12th .dpe-flexible-posts DeSoto House has become our go-to-place for our Galena escapes. The hotel is consistent. Rooms always clean, food always good, property always well maintained and staff always polite. We look forward to every visit! Kim L. - Arlington Heights, IL close .width-container close #footer-widgets © 2019 All Rights Reserved. DeSoto House Hotel social icons close #copyright 