Discover Holidays Sri Lanka Skip to content Discover Plan your journey Wonder of Asia Home About Us Tour Packages Discover Sri lanka Collection Family Tours Families from Middle East Nature and Wild life Unforgettable Honeymoon Exotic Lanka and Maldives Tailor-made Accommodation Experience Sri Lanka Beach Cities Festivals Heritage Scenic Hill Country Thrills Wildlife Testimonials FAQ Contact Us ‘Ayubowan’ – We greet you wishing you a long life We are a professional team with over 10 years in the business and our goal is to provide a unique, unforgettable travel experience that reflects our client’s interests and desires. We are committed to understand your idea of a perfect holiday discovering what you want to do and your budget from economy to luxury and tailor make the tour to match your requirement. Discover more Tailor-made tours Design a tailor-made tour to suit your needs Plan your journey Discover Sri lanka Collection Experience our golden beaches with 2500 year history & nature. Families from Middle East Luxury holiday, greenery, diverse nature and wild life. Family Tours Enjoy Lankan hospitality, culture and wild life. Nature and Wild life Wild life rain forest, scenic beauty and heritage. Unforgettable Honeymoon Honeymoon in romantic destinations in tiny exotic island. Exotic Lanka and Maldives Exotic Sri Lanka and serenity of Maldives. Experience Sri Lanka View all Beach Sri Lanka is a paradise island in the Indian ocean blessed with thousands of miles of golden beaches for a perfect beach holiday.  Heritage Sri Lanka is known for its rich heritage of kings and their kingdoms. This paradise island is full of ancients structures built of stone that have been around for thousands of years. Wildlife The best big game safaris after Africa. Sri Lanka is an island filled with many different types of wildlife, thanks to diversity of landscapes. To see animals closer and in person, Sri Lanka is definitely the place to go. Cities Sri Lanka is known as the pearl of the Indian Ocean. With cities that vary from tiny fishing villages to large commercial cities. Festivals Sri Lanka is a multi-cultured country and tend to celebrate many various festivals. During these festivals your bound to see the true spirit of Sri Lanka and its culture. Thrills Sri Lanka is open to many different activities and adventures you can go on. Because of this Sri Lanka is a perfect place for fun filled vacation Scenic Hill Country The Hill Country of Sri Lanka is the most scenic place in the country, it is covered with lush grass, misty mountain tops and some spectacular waterfalls. Where to stay Discover Holidays our aim is to give you a selection of hotels best matched to your need and budget. The hotels on the offer are from Boutique hotels, Discover platinum Hotels to Discover gold for the traveler who needs more luxury and Discover Silver hotels for those who are on a tighter budget but yet want to have the best in the range. The Hotels selected are reviewed periodically based on the customer feedback. You will see that our prices are competitive with no hidden charges in comparison to direct bookings made through booking services offered by many. Discover more People who travelled with us Upnishadn Dudhrajh, South Africa A very good and interesting tour.  The travel agent is extremely accommodating and Helpful  Chauffeur guide Rodney is wonderful even in bad weather drives safely I felt very safe whilst travelling. Next time I prefer to have tour with less travelling I will let you know. James and Carly, Honeymoon Couple (Honeymoon couple travelled from 10/10/2017- 21/10/ 2017) Dear Rohan Just as expected  a paradise some of the sights were not as expected it was no one’s fault. It was a good mixture of  culture, sighs, and local attractions.  Our driver Manjula   gave us frequent and enjoyable stops to  make our long journey in the Van less tiring and this added to the cultural experience.  The only negative point was there seemed to be  an quite an expectation of tipping at various locations.  Overall the service and tour has been very good and Enjoyable well done discover Lanka Holidays.   Anil Shah & family, England Hi Rohan & Yashoda Thank you for organising a wonderful trip for my extended family group of 12 We will be going home with many fond memories. Of Sri Lanka and all the sightseeing places. Thank you for organizing extra massages at Avani Bentota which was a wonderful gesture on your part The driver and the guide was excellent. I will be recommending you to our friends and other family members. Thanks Anil Shah & family Jose Luis Bravo Gonzalez & Family Dear Yasodha and Rohan As I told you yesterday by phone, everything was all right and wonderful. The only thing we did not like was the elephant ride, because it was too short. Jagath is a very good driver and guide.. Exotic getaways in an island paradise Start your adventure... Plan your journey Tour Packages Discover Sri lanka Collection Family Tours Families from Middle East Unforgettable Honeymoon Nature and Wild life Exotic Lanka and Maldives About About Us Accommodation Experience Sri Lanka FAQ Testimonials Contact Us Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions No 8B, Udaya Mawatha, Off Templers Road, Mt. Lavinia, Sri Lanka. Telephone / Fax (+94) 11 271 7972 Whatsapp / Viber (+94) 77 748 0215 Prabha Cumarasamy. OZ-LANKA TOURS, PO BOX 1011, Glen Waverley, Victoria 3150, Australia. Telephone +61 42 266 5474 Email [email protected] © 2019 Discover Holidays Sri Lanka. All Rights Reserved. | Benworldwide Discover Holidays Home About Us Tour Packages ▼ Discover Sri lanka Collection Family Tours Families from Middle East Nature and Wild life Unforgettable Honeymoon Exotic Lanka and Maldives Tailor-made Accommodation Experience Sri Lanka ▼ Beach Cities Festivals Heritage Scenic Hill Country Thrills Wildlife Testimonials FAQ Contact Us 