Dunsford Guest House | Keswick B&B Accommodation 017687 75059 info@dunsfordguesthouse.co.uk #et-info #et-secondary-menu .container #top-header Home Bedrooms Reviews & Gallery Contact Us Things To Do Select Page #et-top-navigation #main-header .et-image-slider Highly Commended Keswick Bed & Breakfast Accommodation   Dunsford is a beautifully restored Victorian house providing high quality accommodation exclusively for discerning couples. It is ideally situated in a quiet location and yet is only a two minute walk from the town centre, coach station, shops and eating places. The lake, with its renowned ‘Theatre by the Lake’ is also within easy walking distance. All Dunsford’s bedrooms have en-suite shower and toilets and are furnished and decorated to the highest standards. Colour televisions, tea and coffee making facilities and a clock radio are provided and all rooms are fully central heated. Breakfast at the Dunsford is cooked and served by the resident proprietors using only the best produce in the relaxed atmosphere of the pleasantly decorated Dining Room Dunsford Guest House is ideally situated in Stanger Street which stands alone close to the Town Centre. It is quiet and peaceful whatever the time of year. At the top of the street is the beautiful River Greta with a footbridge leading into Fitz Park and to the fells of Latrigg and onto Skiddaw, whilst at the bottom of the street is the town centre with its many shops, pubs, eateries and places to visit. Dunsford has a private car park which guests are welcome to use and, can be accessed via the passageway to the rear of the property. There is also unlimited free on-street parking to the front.   Just announced! To go with our previous TripAdvisor ‘Hall of Fame’ awards for achieving five consecutive Certificates of Excellence, we are extremely proud to have been awarded a Hall of Fame – Certificate of Excellence covering 2015 to 2019. We would like to thank all our customers for their continued support.   .et_pb_text .et_pb_column .et_pb_row .et_pb_section .entry-content .et_pb_post #main-content Address Dunsford Guest House 16 Stanger Street Keswick Cumbria CA12 5JU Tel: 017687 75059 info@dunsfordguesthouse.co.uk end .fwidget end .footer-widget Find Us Click to enlarge and get directions. end .fwidget end .footer-widget Rick Steves Recommended in Rick Steves' Guide to Great Britain. end .fwidget end .footer-widget Awards end .fwidget end .fwidget end .footer-widget #footer-widgets .container Designed and hosted by Lakeland PC .container #main-footer #et-main-area #page-container 