Bay of Islands | New Zealand Luxury Hotel Accommodation NZ | Eagles Nest | Bay of Islands New Zealand End Facebook Pixel Code This site is optimized with the Yoast SEO plugin v3.4 - https://yoast.com/wordpress/plugins/seo/ / Yoast SEO plugin. Title Area Menu Home Explore Villas Rahimoana Sacred Space First Light Temple Eagle Spirit The Eyrie Experiences Events About About Eagle’s Nest Awards & Articles Eagles Nest Birds Bookings Check Availability Packages Downloadable Information Contact Social Our reviews Facebook Twitter Pinterest Instagram Youtube Welcome to Eagles Nest New Zealand’s ultimate luxury retreat. Check Availability <div class="preloader"></div> New Zealand Luxury Accommodation at Eagles Nest Experience Bay of Islands Luxury Hotel accommodation in New Zealand This multi-award winning New Zealand luxury hotel & retreat is set within a 75 acre estate atop its own private ridgeline offering spectacular views of the Bay of Islands. Designed and furnished in an eclectic international contemporary style, where gardens and lodgings blend into the natural topography and foliage. Unlike so many New Zealand luxury hotels, Eagles Nest at Russell in the Bay of Islands also offers the services of its own resident personal trainer and spa therapists ensuring the most indulgent of stays. Four of the five world class villas offers its own private heated horizon edged lap pool, all offering private Jacuzzis, air conditioning, original artworks, home theatre system, Ecostore amenities and fully equipped gourmet kitchen. Our team of talented resident personal chefs can spoil you for the evening. They will offer a specially designed menu of your choice featuring freshly caught fish, venison, lamb, crayfish (lobster) and more. Eagles Nest personal chefs will prepare this meal in your own private villa. Giving you the opportunity to take in the breathtaking views, with a superb glass of New Zealand wine from the Estate’s extensive cellar. Bay of Islands New Zealand Located in the Bay of Islands within easy walking distance of the historic town of Russell in New Zealand, the estate offers a variety of luxury accommodation options for the most discerning of travellers. The Bay of Islands is a world renowned holiday destination offering over 144 islands to explore in this sub tropical paradise. World class big game fishing, scenic cruising, sailing diving, kayaking, bush walking, mountain biking, helicopter flight seeing, romantic picnics on your own private island are but some of the many options available from Eagles Nest. “Eagles Nest…. somewhere between seven stars and heaven” Ready to book your perfect holiday? Check availability © 2019 Eagle's Nest. Eagle's Nest and the Eagle's Nest logo are trademarks of Eagle's Nest. 