Rv Parks - Seaview Campground & Cottages Home About Us Special Events RV/ Cottage Rates/Photos Reservation Form More Home About Us Special Events RV/ Cottage Rates/Photos Reservation Form Home About Us Special Events RV/ Cottage Rates/Photos Reservation Form (207) 853-4471 Seaview Campground & Cottages Located on beautiful Passamaquoddy Bay West Quoddy Lighthouse House LOCATION We are the most Eastern City in the U.S. We are located on Passamaquoddy Bay and the beginning of the Bay of Fundy. Wake up to the "First Sunrise" over Campobello Island, At night gaze at the twinkling Lighthouses of the Canadian Islands. Listen to the "Old Sow" Whirlpool rushing in at High Tide, see the rise and fall of 28 foot Tides.  Waterfront/View RV sites and 9 Housekeeping Cottages await your arrival. We have a wooded section with views of the ocean with shade trees too. An open field and limited tent sites for those that want privacy. Featuring a full service campground water, sewer, electric and Dish T.V. 30-50 amp sites with picnic tables and fire rings. Clean restrooms/showers (free for guests). Laundry facility, Ice, Wood, Propane, Wi-Fi.  Private Boat launching for slip guests, We are home to the "All You Can Eat" Haddock Fry,  Mojo BBQ Chicken and "Bean Hole Beans". Relax and enjoy the beauty of the bay. Whales, Seals, Eagles and Lobster Boats are cruising by. Watch from your chair or porch the "Nature Coast" of Maine. We're waiting for you! Love Lighthouses? We have 6 Lighthouses in Washington/Charlotte County.  We are a "Two Nation Vacation". Passports required to enter Canada Contact Us Let us help you get ready for your road trip! There is no Rig Too Big! Please scroll over to our Reservation Form for our Hours of operation, Site Map and Reservation Request Form. The Seaview Campground 16 Norwood Rd Eastport, ME 04631 US (207) 853-4471 May 15th-June 15th 10:00 am - 5:00 pm June 15th-Sept 1st 10:00 am - 8:00 pm Sept 1 st-Oct 13th 10:00 am - 5:00 pm We take reservations all year, if you want a particular site please reserve early, shore sites are going fast! T Copyright © 2018 Seaview Campground & Cottages - All Rights Reserved. Powered by GoDaddy GoCentral Website Builder 