Self Catering on Speyside in the Cairngorms #BeginEditable "content" Self Catering in the Cairngorms Come and stay in Scotland's largest National Park in one of our comfortable and attractive self catering holiday cottages at Easter Corrie. Our Holiday Cottages Converted from a traditional mill and steading, our holiday cottages nestle on the side of a spectacular, secluded Scottish Highland glen in the Cairngorms. Our self catering accommodation offers a choice of three two bedroom cottages each sleeping four or The Mill which has three bedrooms and is suitable for up to six or seven people. All of our holiday cottages are comfortably furnished, have electric storage heaters and are fully equipped including DVD players, dishwashers and wifi. The Cairngorms The Cairngorms is the biggest National Park in the United Kingdom. It has three out of the five Scottish ski centres and four of Scotland's five highest mountains. It also contains the head waters of two of Scotland's finest salmon rivers, the Dee and the Spey. Many of Scotland's most endangered wildlife species are found in the Cairngorms. Speyside The Spey is Scotland's longest river. On Speyside it is possible to go skiing in the morning and visit the seaside in the afternoon. On Speyside you can walk in ancient Caledonian Pine forests, enjoy a wealth of outdoor activities, or just soak up the atmosphere of it's stunning scenery and wildlife. As an added bonus almost half of Scotland's whisky distilleries are right here on Speyside. Glenlivet Estate Glenlivet Crown Estate is on the north eastern side of the Cairngorms National Park. It has over 100 miles of way marked walking trails as well as a new "State of the Art" downhill mountain bike trail. Why not take an opportunity to relax and savor the peaceful unspoilt surroundings of our Highland scenery, away from the pressures of 21st century living? Cottage Availability and Prices Check our availability and make your reservation on line here... Reservations Last Minute Self Catering Offer Take a week's holiday in Glen View at Easter Corrie from Saturday 17/08/19 to Saturday 24/08/19 for just £443.00. #EndEditable InstanceBeginEditable name="left margin" Home             Cairngorms Wildlife Walking Trails Castles & Gardens Touring & Exploring Scottish Culture Family Days Out Star Gazing Mountain Biking Skiing & Winter Sports Salmon & Trout Fishing Speyside Malt Whisky InstanceEndEditable Easter Corrie Mill and Steading Self catering holiday cottages in the Cairngorms National Park, Scotland One of the views from our holiday cottages  Our Cottages: The Mill The Den Corrie Glen View Availability Contact Us Conservation History Location Getting Here © Easter Corrie Holiday Cottages Easter Corrie Self Catering Holiday Cottages, Tomnavoulin, Glenlivet, Moray, Scotland, AB37 9JB tel: +44 (0)1807 590241 Mobile Site #BeginEditable "Body_Includes" #EndEditable 