Serviced Apartments Edinburgh Old Town | Fraser Suites End Facebook Pixel Code Facebook Pixel Code End Facebook Pixel Code Global site tag (gtag.js) End Global site tag (gtag.js) Insider API Google Tag Manager End Google Tag Manager Google Tag Manager (noscript) End Google Tag Manager (noscript) Google Tag Manager (noscript) End Google Tag Manager (noscript) English en 中文 zh frasers hospitality fraser difference Frasers Hospitality Fraser Difference FRASER WORLD contact location Menu Offers rooms & suites Amenities DINING gallery attractions Reviews News FAQ More attractions Reviews News FAQ contact location frasers hospitality FRASER WORLD Classic Deluxe Junior Suite Serviced One Bedroom Apartments Bespoke Luxury Suites Rates Request for Proposal widget-content module Sweet Dreams & Breakfast Offer Advance Purchase Offer widget-content module Key Features & Services Our Gym Fraser Connect - Free Wi-Fi Stocks Restaurant & Kirks Bar widget-content module +44 (0)131 221 7200 <div class="fixed-title-wrapper"> <h3><a class="overlay-heading-link" href="">Fraser Suites Edinburgh, Scotland</a></h3> <p><a class="overlay-heading-link" href="">19th-century grandeur meets 21st-century living</a></p> </div> Test that Google Analytics tracking is working by clicking the submit/book now button on the booking mask site and look in the URL string for code similar to #__utma=1.1142150968.1343168117.1343168117.1343168117.&....etc.. input type="hidden" id="start" value="availresults" name="start" / Destination Fraser Suites Edinburgh, Scotland Arrival Departure Adults 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Children 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Corporate/Promo Code Fraser Residence Orchard, Singapore For requests on long stay rates, kindly email us at  reservations.singapore@frasershospitality.com  or call us at  (65) 62 700 800 for further assistance. Alternatively, you may like to consider the next best available properties in Singapore. View property listing . Fraser Suites Abuja For requests on rates, kindly email us at reservations.dubai@frasershospitality.com Book Direct & Save Now Book Direct & Save Now Manage Booking Manage Booking Book Direct & Save Now Best Rate Guarantee Fraser World Welcome to Fraser Suites Edinburgh, Scotland Located within a stone’s throw from Edinburgh Castle and just off the Royal Mile on St Giles Street is the 130-year old building that houses Fraser Suites Edinburgh.  The building stands with understated elegance in the heart of Scotland’s capital amongst other hotels in the city, with a sand-stoned Victorian façade restored to preserve its past. Our luxury serviced apartments in Edinburgh's famous Old Town area will make for a very comfortable and relaxing stay in the Scottish capital. Read more The award-winning Gold-Standard Fraser Suites Edinburgh offers 75 units of fully furnished luxury serviced residences designed with contemporary interiors, adorned with sophisticated touches and furnished with the necessary modern conveniences, ideal for business and leisure stays, with the exclusivity of a boutique hotel Edinburgh travellers have come to expect. The Old Town of Edinburgh is steeped in history and is yours to explore with many attractions easily accessible, such as Holyrood Palace, National Gallery of Art, National Museum of Scotland and Arthur's seat.   Restaurants, bars, cafés and shops are available within excellent proximity as you imbue the Scottish nostalgia in your very own way. The popular Grassmarket is also steps away with its historical charm and friendly atmosphere. A comfortable residence in the city centre The classic deluxe rooms are perfect if you’re here on business or just passing through. The fully furnished residence gives you the comfort and luxury of short stay accommodation. Accommodation for couples or individual travellers Our junior suites are a great option for couples or lone travellers who are looking for comfort and relaxation in a central location. The fully furnished and serviced apartments offer guests undeniable luxury whether you’re staying for a couple of days or longer which means you can sample as many of Edinburgh’s famous attractions as you feel. if you are visiting Edinburgh on business take advantage of our corporate facilities and amenities. Apartments for families and small groups If you’re travelling with a couple of friends or for a small family, our one bedroom apartment option offers guests a serviced accommodation that has a spacious separate dining, living and kitchen area that gives you extra space if desired. Guests looking for a residence with something extra The bespoke suites let you experience spacious serviced accommodation that has the added perk of great views of the city and nearby attractions. Welcoming for groups Groups visiting Edinburgh for concerts and exhibitions favour our apartments with a spacious living area and home entertainment system - allowing you can relax and get the night started while listening to music. A hotel that goes that extra mile If it’s the comfortable furnishings in your serviced apartment that you can relax and unwind in after a day experiencing historic Edinburgh, the amenities and other facilities available or the great location in accessing attractions around the city, Fraser Suites Edinburgh is the perfect choice for the guests staying in Edinburgh, be it for travel or business, long or short haul. Our serviced apartments are the only accommodation nearby offering complimentary Wi-Fi access throughout the whole building. This means guests don't need to worry about data charges to keep in touch with loved ones back home while the 24/7 reception and concierge service are on hand to help you during the duration of your stay day or night. With our onsite gym and adjacent restaurant , we do all we can to make your stay with us a memorable one. A hotel for the family We ensure that your stay with us at Fraser Suites Edinburgh is the perfect experience from start to finish. Our 24/7 reception and concierge are available any time of the day for families who might be up late with their children while our self-service laundry makes sure that any mishap won’t get in the way of your family adventure. A hotel for friends For those looking for a bit of sightseeing during the day and adventure at night, stay in a great location close to many attractions, bars, and restaurants in the Old Town area and the wider Scottish capital. Conveniently situated Reaching our serviced apartments is relatively straight forward. We’re situated close to all the major transport links in and out of the city. Only a 5-minute walk from Edinburgh Waverley train station, and it’s easy to find us if you’re coming from Glasgow or other parts of the UK. If you are arriving via  Edinburgh International Airport , we are only a 25-minute taxi ride away. Easy to navigate A short stroll from our residences will take you to the local tram stop so it’s easy to access the likes of the Edinburgh Playhouse and Edinburgh Zoo while admiring the scenery on the way there. With so many attractions on your door step like Edinburgh Castle , you can stay in luxurious surroundings while having access to everything that Edinburgh has to offer. An advantage Fraser Suites has over other hotels near the Old Town area, for example, is our great central location to this area and other attractions in the city. A unique hotel If you’re in town for a day, a weekend or long term, at Fraser Suites Edinburgh you can be assured that we’ll take care of everything from the moment you step through the door so your stay with us becomes a highlight of your visit to the city.   Close Booking directly on our website has its perks! Benefit from: Website  Exclusive Offers   Enrol to Fraser World  for  instant discounts up to 13% off : It's Free! Lowest Rate Guarantee  END HOLDER Offers Sweet Dreams & Breakfast Offer Wake up to amazing mornings with Frasers and enjoy your Continental breakfast at Stocks Bistro. Read more Book Now highlights Take a tour of Fraser Suites Edinburgh, Scotland and its vicinity through our video. Launch Video Where we are Fraser Suites Edinburgh 12 – 26 St Giles Street Edinburgh Scotland EH1 1PT Tel: +44 (0)131 221 7200 Email: sales.edinburgh@frasershospitality.com Fraser Suites Edinburgh 12 – 26 St Giles Street Edinburgh Scotland EH1 1PT Tel: +44 (0)131 221 7200 Email: sales.edinburgh@frasershospitality.com TripAdvisor users rated our luxury serviced apartments in Edinburgh 4 out of 5 from 1769 reviews. View location in map Experience the award-winning Frasers Hospitality Book now to enjoy Best Rate Guaranteed worldwide! Participating Properties Our Awards & Recognitions 0 widget-content module View all Awards View e-Cachet View e-Cachet Download our e-brochure Download our e-brochure Connect with us awards press blog careers Developers sitemap terms of use privacy policy Best Rate Guarantee awards press blog careers Developers sitemap Share This Fraser Suites Fraser Suites is characterized by touches of indulgence that spells of sophistication and timeless classics, with rich textures and distinctive décor that reflect the essence… Read more Fraser Place Fraser Place exudes chic and vibrancy with its stylish designer décor and furniture. One can’t help but feel the energy coming from its city location which is often within the… Read more Fraser Residence Fraser Residence is a sanctuary located in the heart of the city. Designed for the minimalist and the contemporary, the property is ideal for those who need a longer term stay… Read more Modena by Fraser Modena by Fraser offers boutique style, long-term hotel residences located in gateway and emerging Asian cities, which are ideal for the “road warriors” or young executives who… Read more Capri by Fraser Capri by Fraser is a hotel residence that caters to the digitally driven e-generation who are intelligent and innovative, and who appreciate the technologically integrated lifestyle… Read more MALMAISON Malmaison exists to cater for those who demand something different. People who are looking for a stylish stay, daring dining or a truly impressive events venue with impeccable… Read more Hotel Du Vin Each individual Hotel du Vin has its own unique character shaped by the architecture, history and sensitive conversion of the building. At the heart of each is our bistros serving… Read more awards press blog careers Developers sitemap terms of use privacy policy Best Rate Guarantee awards press blog careers Developers sitemap © 2019 Frasers Hospitality Pte Ltd.  A member of Frasers Property Group. FOOTER SCRIPTS Sojern Container Tag cp_v2_js, Pixel Version: 1 End Sojern Tag 