Home - Edwardian Lodge Guest House, Bed and Breakfast in Salisbury Edwardian Lodge Guest House Beautifully Refurbished 59 Castle Road Salisbury Wiltshire SP1 3RH 01722 413329 Edwardian Lodge Guest House 59 Castle Road Salisbury Wiltshire, SP1 3RH 01722 413329 richard.white59@ntlworld.com Home Our Rooms Book Online Yoga Studio Close Attractions Our Gallery Reviews Special Offers More Location Get In Touch Edwardian Lodge Guest House Four star accommodation in historic Salisbury Offering bed and breakfast accommodation. The Edwardian Lodge is situated on the Castle Road, Salisbury, (also the A345) about 1/2 mile north of the city centre, and market square;about a 10-15 minute walk either via Castle Road, and Castle Street, or along the footpath/cycle way of The River Avon. The Cathedral is a further 5 minute walk from the centre. Our history The Guest House dates from 1902, has been beautifully refurbished and decorated preserving original features. More recently some careful restoration work has enhanced the exterior appearance. About us The bedrooms all have their own private bathroom facilities, centrally heated and double glazed. Breakfast at the guest house is served in a spacious conservatory overlooking the rear garden of the lodge. Free parking is available for our guests. We operate a totally Non-Smoking policy at the guest house, which we ask the guests to respect. Prices Rates at the guest house are inclusive of breakfast, which is served in the conservatory overlooking the rear garden of the guest house. The Breakfast choices served at the Edwardian Lodge are between, traditional cooked English, continental, or vegetarian, along with a choice of juices, cereals, yogurts, toast, tea and coffee. Room rates are: Single Room £50 - £60/nt Double/Twin Room £75 - £90/nt Double (king) £80 - £95/nt Family/Triple Room (double &single bed) £92 - £120/nt     Get In Touch 59 Castle Road Salisbury Wiltshire 01722 413329 Email Us Contact Us   Our Rooms View a selection of our excellent rooms, wide range of facilities and also view our current availability for each room type. Our rooms   Arrival / Departure Check in: 4:30pm till 8:30pm Check out: 10:30am Find Us     Click to View our Gallery Very pleased - We spent a very pleasant night at the Edwardian Lodge in a very comfy bed in a spacious room. The breakfast was excellent. Our hosts were very welcoming even in the midst of their sorting out a plumbing issue in another room! We would recommend to others visiting Salisbury. Richard H - (See our reviews page) Our Facilities Credit Card Free Parking Parking Facilities Golf Course Nearby Family Rooms Internet Services Wifi Vegetarian City Breaks Walking Holidays   Home  |  Our Rooms  |  Book Online  |  Yoga Studio  |  Close Attractions  |  Our Gallery  |  Reviews  |  Special Offers  |  Location  |  Get In Touch  |  Privacy Policy © Copyright 2019 - Hotel Website Powered by Queensborough Group 