Eleni Studios Lourdas - Kefalonia | Accommodation in Kefalonia - Lourdas Home Rooms Information Facilities Weddings Photo Gallery Book Request Testimonials Contact Links Eleni Studios Lourdas Eleni Studios is a small, friendly, family run holiday apartment complex in the village of Lourdas on the Greek Ionian island of Kefalonia. Here you will find all the facilities that guests might expect during their  holidays. Every apartment has an unobstructed sea view from the balcony, overlooking Lourdas  Beach towards the neighbouring island of Zakynthos, and all are fully air-conditioned providing comfort on even the hottest of days and nights.  Eleni studios in in a peaceful setting, surrounded by olive groves, but is only a minute’s walk from the shops, tavernas, and restaurants of Lourdas. Book now by telephone or e-mail for Eleni Studios 2. Our prices start at only 9 euros per person, per night and a third person (under 6) in the room stays  for FREE. Contact us (we speak English!) for full details and a price list . Our swimming pool is with fresh water It is 15m in  length and 7m in width Depth is from 1m to 3m Kids must ALWAYS use the pool under parents supervision There is no lifeguard on duty Pool is open from 9 am till 7 pm Please visit our other sites for information about: Kostas’ new restaurant and function centre, Andromeda Centre Our Luxury Villa Kefalonia Wedding Planner Who's online We have 1 guest online Kefalonia is the largest of the Ionian Islands and boasts the largest mountain  range in the 'Eptanissa' or Seven Islands. The island is the sixth largest  in Greece covering some 737 square kilometres and has a coastline of 254  kilometres. Kefalonia has a typically Mediterranean climate - the winters  are mild with frosts rarely occurring and temperatures, usually remaining  above 5°C. By contrast, summers are dry and hot with negligible rainfall  in July/August. The air temperature at this time of year is often greater  than 30°C and in open areas the ground temperature can be very much  higher. The island is famous for it's strange geographical phenomena,  for being voted as tenth in a world scenic beauty league and more recently  as the island setting of Louis de Bernieres novel (and the subsequent  movie) "Captain Corelli's Mandolin". Kefalonia has its own airport, near to the island's capital, Argostoli,  and direct flights are available from many European countries (as well  as a daily flight from Athens). It's sister island of Ithaca is easily  reached by a short ferry crossing and ferries operate from a number of  ports (Argostoli, Lixouri, Poros, Skala, Aghia Efimia, Pessada and Fiskardo)  connecting Kefalonia to other nearby islands and to mainland Greece. Click for a map of Kefalonia Lourdas is a small village on the shoulder of Mount Aenos just off the  coast road that heads South from Argostoli (the capital) to Skala. A small  side road takes you into the heart of the village and down hill to the  beach. The village has a number of tavernas, bars and mini-markets as well as  a few car hire outlets - pretty much all you require for your holiday  can be obtained within a short walk. Buses - there is a regular (inexpensive) bus service to/from Argostoli and Skala. Taxis - there are plenty of taxis available  and they are reasonably priced. Bicycles - can be hired locally allowing the  more energetic to explore the countryside. Cars, Mopeds, and Motorcycles - all are available from local outlets, and are highly recommended must for getting out and about and exploring the island. Polls There are no polls Top Copyright © 2011-2019 Eleni Studios Kefalonia . All Rights Reserved. Powered by Ent3r . Start of StatCounter Code for Default Guide End of StatCounter Code for Default Guide 