El Mirasol Villas Resort - Palm Springs Gay Men's Resort Hotel Brand and toggle get grouped for better mobile display Toggle navigation Collect the nav links, forms, and other content for toggling Home Rooms Photos Amenities Local info contact us /.navbar-collapse Indicators Amazing Mountain Views spectacular views from the entire property Request a reservation Custom designed furnishings a comfortable and elegant experience Request a reservation spacious rooms California King Beds, shutters & french doors Request a reservation Breathtaking views relax admiring the beauty of our beautiful gardens Request a reservation end of sldier section Since 1975, El Mirasol Villas has been the resort of choice in Palm Springs for discriminating Gay Men. Originally built by Howard Hughes in the late 40's. ROOMS Custom designed furnishings, shutters, French doors and California King Beds make each accommodation a comfortable and elegant experience. See more AMENITIES Complimentary breakfast daily, refreshments all day, a free video/dvd library and high speed wireless internet connection, are just a few examples. See more PROPERTY Meandering garden paths lead to Bungalows and Studios, two gorgeous Clothing Optional pools, a steam room and our in ground Jacuzzi/Spa with an outdoor shower. See more Fantastic mountain views are enjoyed by day. Enhanced with outdoor mist cooling systems. Relax Palm Springs style on your own private patios with views to the clothing optional pools. Our gardens are charmed with sounds of the fountains and a Dolby sound system. See photos Splendid starlit skies are enjoyed at night. Stroll through our bountiful gardens and citrus trees. Mexican paver walkways lead to fountains, fireplaces, two swimming pools, a new 10 man Jacuzzi Spa and outdoor shower. Our hotel even features a eucalyptus steam room. see photos   Need a relaxing getaway from your hectic work environment or if you are traveling on business, and still need to stay connected? We now have High Speed Wireless Internet to keep you connected while you relax in our beautiful desert garden setting. Request a reservation About We strive to deliver a level of service that exceeds the expectations of our guests. If you have any questions about our resort or amenites, please do not hesitate to contact us. We have friendly, knowledgeable representatives available seven days a week to assist you. Letters Doug & Brett Cincinnati Our favorite place to stay in Palm Springs! Glenn Orange County, CA If you guys want to stay at a super male clothing optional resort then try El Mirasol Villas! Paul Boston, MA Thanks again for a wonderful getaway at El Mirasol. Mailing list Subscribe to our mailing list for offers, news updates and more! Contact 525 Warm Sands Drive Palm Springs, CA 92264 USA Phone: 800 327 2985 Local : 760 327 5913 © Copyright El Mirasol Resort Hotel. All Rights Reserved. Website designed by PNN Media Group jQuery (necessary for Bootstrap's JavaScript plugins) Include all compiled plugins (below), or include individual files as needed 