The Ffolkes | Pub & Hotel | Food served all day | Hillington, Kings Lynn | Norfolk Make a booking Book Home Bedrooms Autumn Breaks Food & Drink Weddings & Events Christmas 2019 Ffolkes Play Norfolk Passport Contact I'd like to book a table I'd like to book a room Welcome to The Ffolkes A 300-year old coaching inn. Eat, stay and play. Exquisite Rooms 24 beautiful rooms, all complete with en-suite facilities. Amazing Food Hearty, home-cooked food, served all day, everyday. Let imaginations run wild Dedicated outdoor play area. Indoor games and pool. After 300 years of history, 50 workmen & five months of complete refit, The Ffolkes has reopened its coaching inn doors. Come and eat, stay and play with us here at The Ffolkes... once again welcoming travellers to the beautiful county of Norfolk. Stunning bedrooms, delicious dining and fantastic family facilities await. Scroll down to find out more, we look forward to welcoming you! FFOLKES DINING Restaurant, lounge & bar The interior of the main coaching inn has been lovingly refitted and restructured. Enjoy naturally lit spaces, and dine in a comfortable open space with nooks and crannies to suit even the most discerning of travellers. Sit and relax whilst dining on quality, fresh produce, sourced from within Norfolk wherever possible. See Our Menus FFOLKES STAY 24 brand new bedrooms Be amazed by the transformation upstairs at The Ffolkes with six stunning bedrooms, each uniquely decorated and all equally as comfortable. A further 18 bedrooms have also just been opened giving visitors the choice of four different room types - each furnished and finished to the incredibly high standards our guests expect... dogs are welcome too! See the rooms FFOLKES PLAY Let imaginations run wild! The Ffolkes has been redesigned from the ground up as a family-friendly destination. Kids love our bespoke outdoor play area (completely enclosed) complete with zip wire, boardwalks and climbing wall! Outdoor also includes heated and covered areas, perfect for alfresco dining. For the wetter days, head indoors to the games room - there's pool, table football, classic board games and more. Ffolkes Play Stables Weddings - Functions - Events You and your guests will fall in love with our refurbished event space 'Stables' here at The Ffolkes. With a capacity for 120 seated, private garden and bar (alongside 24 bedrooms) makes this the perfect location for weddings, events and private celebrations. Find out more ​Treat someone special Ffolkes Gift Vouchers Vouchers can be used to spend on food, drink and luxury stays! SHOP NOW Perfect in every way... Would highly recommend it, I had already recommended The Ffolkes to my husband's uncle and his partner who is getting married next year as my daughter had a great repour with Kirsty on visiting and meeting Kirsty they have booked August 2019... I'm just delighted I can say how perfect our day/evening was to them and our stay was fabulous and to end the Sunday morning with a lovely breakfast... We will be booking our room for their wedding too... Thank you to The Ffolkes team.. Kirsty you're a star. Jackie Bramham Great breakfast, highly recommended. My daughter loves the play area, great work! Stephen Blyth This hotel is very nice! This what many establishments should aspire to. It felt good to spend time here, especially for those of us who 'cross the pond' to get here. John Hitcham New menu great. Julie has had the lamb shank twice - perfectly cooked both times. I had the gammon steak, nice and thick so stayed beautifully moist, most of the fat removed - rest rendered very well. - Excellent Also tried the spam fritters - lovely light batter - not at all greasy - very good. Steak strips - very tender nice chilli kick Graham Rogerson Amazing venue, it's stunning. Great staff, location and superb for a wedding. Simon Rowe Third/last B&B during our trip. Don't think we would have stayed at the others if we had stayed with you first! EXCELLENT Sue Deane We are Norfolk Passport Partners, sign up for free online and save 10% on everything with us! For more information visit norfolkpassport.com Lynn Road, Hillington, King's Lynn, Norfolk, PE31 6BJ Phone 01485 600210 | Email info@ffolkes.org.uk instagram facebook email Date No. of Nights 1 2 3 4 5 6 Adults 1 2 Children 0 1 2 