Cornwall Newquay Holiday Accommodation - Fiddlers Green near Fistral Beach Newquay, Cornwall Enquiries and bookings tel. 01342 832274 A modern and well-equipped two-bedroom apartment with shared pool, terrace and stunning sea views across Fistral beach and out towards Watergate Bay and the Trevose Head lighthouse. Situated minutes from beautiful sandy beaches and Newquay town centre. Lounge : leather sofas, large LG TV and DVD player, new electric fire, glazed patio doors over-looking the heated swimming pool and Fistral Bay and opening onto private decked terrace. Kitchen : fully equipped luxury kitchen with dishwasher, washer-drier, microwave, double oven, fridge-freezer and high-chair. Master bedroom : floor to ceiling windows, offering spectacular uninterrupted views across Fistral Bay and Newquay golf course. Bedroom 2 : twin beds, futon and travel-cot. Bathroom : newly installed luxury suite with P-shaped bath/shower. Exterior: own decked terrace with barbecue and patio furniture, overlooking shared heated (May to September only) swimming pool. Own front garden with key safe to allow entrance. Allocated single private parking place. Location : Fiddlers Green is situated on Pentire Avenue, within five minutes’ walk of Fistral Bay- famed for its stunning sandy beach and great surf. Beautiful sandy Crantock Beach is just a ten minutes’ walk away, via the charming foot ferry. Newquay town centre, with its wide range of shops, amenities and attractions, is a ten / fifteen minute walk. Newquay golf course is just a couple of minutes away, as is the Pentire headland – a great place to enjoy a meal or drink and watch the sun set. Newquay zoo, tennis courts, Waterworld and boating lake are also close by. Further information: Sleeps 4-5 All bed linen and towels provided Luxury kitchen, bathroom Family friendly – high-chair, travel cot and beach toys all provided. Unlimited B T broadband Holidaymakers will be greeted with a welcome chilled bottle of wine,tea etc on arrival Price range: £337 to £992. Enquiries and bookings call Vanessa or John on 01342 832274 