 Field Cottage, Sudbourne, Suffolk - Self Catering Holiday Accommodation for Aldeburgh, Snape, Orford and Woodbridge - Bring your horse on Holiday!   Field Cottage, Sudbourne, Suffolk for Aldeburgh, Snape, Orford and Woodbridge Bring your horse on Holiday Stables and Paddocks available!   Home  |  Accommodation  |  Stables & Paddocks  |  History  |  Out & About  |  Rates & Booking   Sleeps 7 + cot in four bedrooms. May also sleep 10 using double sofa-bed and single fold-out bed for children. Weekly Rate £477 - £911 (7 nights) Short Breaks £337 - £650 (3 and 4 nights available) Ground Floor Entrance hall with stairs Utility room + W.C Kitchen / breakfast room Sitting room Dining room. First Floor Bedroom 1 (double) + shower Bedroom 2 (twin) Bedroom 3 (double) Bedroom 4 (single) Bathroom + shower over. Services Oil fired Central Heating and electricity included in price; Wood burner + complementary basket of logs; Dishwasher, Washing machine, Dryer, Microwave, Hairdryer, TV, BluRay / DVD, HiFi and free Wi-Fi. Linen & towels provided for main beds only (please bring your own if using sofa-bed and/or fold-out bed for children); Cot & high chair available on request, please see Accommodation for more information. Outside Large enclosed garden with patio and furniture; Private parking for 3-4 cars; Stables and 3 paddocks available when booking a horse on holiday package. Self Catering Holiday Accommodation Field Cottage is a large family holiday home in an Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty (AONB) at the heart of the Suffolk countryside. It occupies an ideal location adjacent to Tunstall Forest, which is a haven for dog walkers, cyclists, bird watchers and equestrians alike. Sudbourne Village itself is tucked away between Orford and Snape on the edge of the Suffolk Heritage Coast, with easy access for Aldeburgh and Woodbridge. Dogs are welcome by prior arrangement with the owner, as are your horse or pony. A riding or trekking holiday in the Winter, Spring & Autumn is wonderful here, as the going in the forest and country tracks is sand based with little or no mud. The weather can be very good, with the lowest rainfall in the country and the countryside is not busy. Even on the rare occasions when the temperature gets chilly, the days are mostly bright and cheerful. For more information about bringing your horse on holiday and the facilities that we can provide, see the Stables & Paddocks section. Field Cottage is approached along a private loose surface track overlooking fields and forest. It enjoys a secluded location with ample parking space for cars and horse boxes and provides an ideal self catering holiday base from which to explore the local area by horse, foot, cycle or car. The cottage is ideal for a family holiday or for a group of friends looking for peaceful and attractive surroundings. We're sure you'll enjoy the idyllic and spacious environment offered by this large well featured property.   Home  |  Accommodation  |  Stables & Paddocks  |  History  |  Out & About  |  Rates & Booking   Telephone 01394 450697 or email: info@fieldcottageholidays.com 