New Zealand Tour Specialists | Tailor Made NZ Vacations Google Tag Manager (noscript) End Google Tag Manager (noscript) Google Code for Remarketing Tag Call us on +64 3 443 0812 Log in Send enquiry Log in Send enquiry Call us on +64 3 443 0812 Menu   Itinerary Suggestions About Us FAQ Blog Plan your itinerary Short list Testimonials Contact / Enquiry Terms & Privacy Log in Get Ideas - How long - 5 - 9 days 10 - 15 days 16 - 21 days 22 days+   Tailor-made New Zealand Experiences New Zealand tour specialists - tailor made itineraries and vacations. Experience matters and our team have lots of it. All our New Zealand itineraries are custom designed and managed so you get to see the very best that NZ has to offer. Classic New Zealand touring routes Hit the road with these touring ideas. Designed to inspire you, each one can be customised to suit you perfectly New Zealand Lord of the Rings tours Interested in LOTR & Hobbit scenery? These tour ideas take you right there or get a tailor made itinerary New Zealand Luxury tours & experiences Enjoy NZ's unique luxury hospitality with this range of inspiring tours ideas New Zealand train journeys & tours NZ has some of the finest scenic train journeys in the world. Explore by train, cruise and air on these tour ideas Explore NZ's wildlife & national parks Ideas to see and learn about the unique flora and fauna of New Zealand, its national parks and wilderness areas See our complete range of itinerary ideas Our suggestions will inform and inspire you and we tailor make each itinerary for every customer Itinerary ideas to explore the North Island Explore sub-tropical forests, golden beaches and the volcanic center with these North Island suggestions Enjoy the South Island with these tour ideas Great itinerary ideas exploring the iconic South Island from Abel Tasman National Park to Milford Sound Explore New Zealand top to bottom Or bottom to top? These longer itinerary ideas cover both islands. Enjoy the diverse scenery and experiences Why work with Fine Tours New Zealand? We are true specialists in our field. Since 2004 we have focused 100% on New Zealand vacations and holidays. We regularly travel New Zealand experiencing the locations, the accommodations and the activities. Not just because we love doing that but because when we plan your New Zealand experience we know what we are talking about. So if you are looking for the best NZ tour and want to make sure your vacation is outstanding then remember - when the experience matters, experience matters. 100% Tailor-made Itineraries New Zealand tours created to suit you prefectly Hundreds of great New Zealand accommodation choices Activities and locations chosen to suit your iterests Dedicated NZ specialist will design the ideal vacation & holiday for you Expert Local Knowledge Get the latest, first hand advice & recommendations Know the best places to visit and the best places to stay in Location, location, location - stay in the best accommodations Top service, fast responses, NZ experts, 7 days a week The Best Choice Your best options from the finest travel experiences NZ has to offer Hand picked by us, our local partners are the best available Choose from a regularly updated and unrivalled range of activities You can be sure you will experience the best New Zealand has to offer Peace of Mind Proudly owner operated since 2004 and still providing leading service Quality guaranteed - our systems and experience ensure the best Full in country support service and after hours service Free full consultation, itinerary and quote with no obligations   Planning your New Zealand vacation itinerary should be easy and fun. Our team of New Zealand vacation specialists are experts in their field. We understand that getting a once in a lifetime trip absolutely perfect is paramount for you. That's why you will find our information, communication and detail second to none. Give us a call today or browse suggested itineraries and our New Zealand travel stories to help you make your decision. Shelley Ryder Laura Davidson Christina Brockie Louise Barrett Jane Zwerrenz Chelsea Lodge Rommy Fisher Katie Looker Nichole White Kasmira Banks Nicole Andrews Servanne Herant Victoria Parrack Lisa Riddington Louise Cowan - Team Leader Luke Ashall - Our Sales Manager See why Fine Tours New Zealand should be your first choice for itinerary planning Send enquiry Call one of our specialists today on: 64-3-443-0812 We are open 7 days 8am - 6pm The time and date in New Zealand is: Sign up for our free newsletter   Copyright © 2019 Fine Tours NZ Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Call us in New Zealand on +64 3 443 0812 . Level 1, 93 Ardmore Street, Wanaka. Contact us View our privacy policy here PHP programming by maffey.com New Zealand tours, vacations & holidays. Contact us to start planning your New Zealand experience. 