Lake Winnipesaukee New Hampshire Hotel in Gilford Lake Winnipesaukee New Hampshire Hotel About Accessibility Statement Contact Us Privacy Policy Pet-Friendly News Other Fireside Inns Amenities Area Attractions Day Trips Covered Bridges Family Fun & Arts Outdoor Fun Scenic Drives Shopping Dining More Dining Directions Distances to Nearby Cities Our Rooms Room Rates King Beds Reservation Information Two Queen Bed Rooms Specials Show and Stay with Winnipesaukee Playhouse Dine and Stay Summer Bike Week Boating & Water Activities Local Golf Courses Hiking Winter Skiing & Snowboarding Snowmobiling Search Lake Winnipesaukee New Hampshire Hotel Search Search About Accessibility Statement Contact Us Privacy Policy Pet-Friendly News Other Fireside Inns Amenities Area Attractions Day Trips Covered Bridges Family Fun & Arts Outdoor Fun Scenic Drives Shopping Dining More Dining Directions Distances to Nearby Cities Our Rooms Room Rates King Beds Reservation Information Two Queen Bed Rooms Specials Show and Stay with Winnipesaukee Playhouse Dine and Stay Summer Bike Week Boating & Water Activities Local Golf Courses Hiking Winter Skiing & Snowboarding Snowmobiling Fireside Inn & Suites Lake Winnipesaukee - 17 Harris Shore Road - Gilford, New Hampshire 03249 - 603-293-7526 - Check Availability Gilford New Hampshire Hotel Rooms Enjoy traditional rooms, fireplaces rooms and suites with full kitchens. Check Availability Gilford New Hampshire Hotel Enjoy the Warmth of Our Hospitality with friendly staff, clean rooms and many amenities... Check Availability Gilford New Hampshire Hotel Amenities Enjoy our indoor and outdoor pools, whirlpool tub and full complimentary breakfast... Check Availability Our Rooms Fireside Inn & Suites has 59 rooms and 24 suites. All 83 rooms are well kept and ready for a relaxing stay. Read more » Area Attractions Springtime is a perfect time to try your hand at fishing our beautiful streams or hiking our beautiful trails. Read more » Amenities 55″ HDTV in every room! All rooms have private balconies or patios! Complimentary Deluxe Continental Breakfast! Read more » Lake Winnipesaukee New Hampshire Hotel Experience the warmth of our hospitality at our Lake Winnipesaukee New Hampshire Hotel! Stay with us and receive a Complimentary Isamax Snacks Wicked Whoopie Pie ! (Two per occupied Room) The Fireside Inn & Suites has 59 rooms all with microwave, refrigerators, Keurig Coffee Systems and a 55″ HDTV in every room. We also have 24 suites. Our suites are 800 square feet with 1 bedroom, full kitchen, dining area and living room (with sleep sofa). We’ve added 55″ HDTVs in the living area and 42″ HDTVs to the bedrooms of our suites. Guests enjoy deluxe continental breakfast, indoor and outdoor pools, a large whirlpool ( Aquatic Access Lifts onsite), a well-equipped exercise room and a friendly staff. We do have a few pet friendly rooms! ( specific rooms only , additional charges do apply , please call for details. ) All our our ROOMS ARE NON-SMOKING and ALL OUR SUITES, Don’t allow Pets! Please call hotel directly 603-293-7526! There’s plenty to do in New Hampshire’s Lakes Region and  Fireside Inn & Suites is in the center of it all. It’s only a short walk to Bank of New Hampshire Pavilion at Meadowbrook and Lake Winnipesaukee’s, Gilford Beach (fee applies), Ellacoya State Park is 3 miles away and Weirs Beach is 4 miles. Summer activities include boating, fishing, hiking, touring the Lakes Region’s spectacular scenery, or taking a scenic drive to one of New Hampshire’s many attractions. Gunstock Recreation area is 4 miles away with great skiing in the winter and lots of summer activities like hiking, mountain biking and concerts. New for 2018 , Elevator! Make the Fireside Inn & Suites your home base and enjoy all of the area’s attractions including: Mt. Washington Cruise Ship Bank of New Hampshire Pavilion (Seats 9,600) Gunstock Mountain Resort. Funspot New Hampshire International Speedway Stone Brook Hill Farm-(Gilford) Kellerhaus Ice Cream The Loon Center Winnipesaukee Scenic Railroad Motorcycle Week New Hampshire Fall Foliage. Take an easy drive to Canterbury Shaker Village, Castle in the Clouds, Santa’s Village, Story Land, and all of the Lakes Region, Seacoast and White Mountains attractions. We do have a few “Specific Pet Friendly Rooms” Please call hotel- 603-293-7526 (Based on Availability) Suite are NOT Pet Friendly! We are a NON-SMOKING HOTEL ! For world-class concerts and entertainment, Bank Of New Hampshire Pavilion at Meadowbrook is an 9,600 seat amphitheater on the shores of beautiful Lake Winnipesaukee and is only 1/2 mile up the street (walking distance). Riverbank House- 96 Church St. Laconia NH, 03246 KARMA Café & Art Gallery, Nibbuti YOGA Studio, Vantz Live Edge Furniture, Riverbank Charters. New Hampshire has no sales tax so you’ll want to visit the Tanger Outlet Mall with over 50 stores to take advantage of great shopping. Have dinner next door at a local favorite “Patrick’s Pub & Eatery” or visit one of the other Lakes Region’s great restaurants. CHECK IN TIME: 4:00 PM (1600)  CHECK OUT TIME: 11:00 AM (1100) Check in time for Fireside Inn & Suites is anytime after 4:00 PM. At the time of booking your reservation, an early check in option is available “Based on Availability” Early check in fee will be $20.00-$80.00 plus tax. For a request earlier then 12:00 noon, previous night room rate will apply. Please call hotel 603-293-7526. Purchase a stuffed moose while at the Fireside Inn and the proceeds will go to the Lafayette Family Cancer Center in Brewer, Maine. Find out more about the Cancer Center and our Foundation here.    Now you can take a tour of Fireside Inn & Suites, in Gilford NH. See for yourself how luxurious our rooms and property really are.          Fireside Inn & Suites Lake Winnipesaukee - 17 Harris Shore Road - Gilford, New Hampshire 03249 - 603-293-7526 - Check Availability © 2019  Fireside Inn Gilford New Hampshire Hotel  – All rights reserved Powered by   – Designed with the Customizr theme Search 