Luxury PEI Bed & Breakfast in the Heart of Downtown Charlottetown's Historic District 45 Fitzroy Street, Charlottetown, PE 1-866-627-9766 Rooms Breakfast Location Reviews Book Now Select Page Fitzroy Hall Stay in Beautiful Prince Edward Island Fitzroy Hall Historic Inn and Bed & Breakfast Fitzroy Hall Gorgeous Downtown Charlottetown Fitzroy Hall Historic Inn and Bed & Breakfast A beautiful heritage home located on a quiet street in the heart of historic downtown Charlottetown. Book Your Stay Our Rooms Book Now Location Guaranteed lowest rates by booking directly with us! Save 10% on stays of 2 nights or 20% for stays 3 nights and more. Call us to book now: 1-866-627-9766  or click the button below to book online. Book Your Stay About Fitzroy Hall   Offering spacious rooms with historically preserved charm, we at Fitzroy Hall provide all the modern comforts to make your stay enjoyable while cherishing the past so that you can experience Historic Charlottetown authentically. With eight air-conditioned bedrooms, each featuring their own private bath and four suites hosting Jacuzzis, we have your comfort constantly in mind. Touches of the past can be found everywhere through our home: in the wood floors, antique furnishings, period décor and lovely fireplaces. Guests are welcome in one of our parlours, outside in the garden, or to use the complimentary kitchenette with a microwave and mini-fridge for your needs. Our quiet location in the heart of historic downtown Charlottetown is within walking distance to all of the best our city has to offer: the Confederation Centre of the Arts, Province House, City Hall, the Charlottetown waterfront, Victoria Park, Fanningbank, the Government House, and historic Beaconsfield. You’re also only steps away from award-winning dining, eclectic artisan shops, and unique experiences that are largely a part of Charlottetown’s culture. Located only a short drive from PEI National Parks with pristine beaches, the Anne of Green Gables House, Avonlea Village in Cavendish, lovely golf courses, and famous hiking, biking, and walking trails. Fitzroy Hall is your home away from home on Prince Edward Island. The History of Fitzroy Hall   Fitzroy Hall, our stately Victorian home, was built in 1872 by Thomas Essery Esq. for Alexander Brown Esq., a local banker. For a time after it was completed, one of the rooms, now the Alexander Brown Suite, was used as a bank. Alexander Brown’s wife was Georgina Coles, a daughter of the Honorable George Coles, a Father of Confederation and Premier of Prince Edward Island when both Responsible Government and the Free School Act came to be. This prominent figure in Island history and the history of Confederation often lived at Fitzroy Hall and spent the last years of his life here, amongst his daughter and family. In 1911, the property and home were sold to Samuel A. MacDonald, a local merchant. The MacDonald family maintained the home until April 1993 when the Doucette family acquired the home. Becoming proud and caring owners, Helen and Reginald took on the responsibility of carefully preserving the beauty of the past and history behind this historic home. Breakfast at Fitzroy Hall We provide a full hot breakfast that can be customized to your needs. With an assortment of choices, each breakfast is lovingly handcrafted and served upon a heated plate, continuing the tradition passed down to your innkeeper Helen from her grandmother and mother.  View Full Menu Take a Tour 45 Fitzroy Street, Charlottetown, Prince Edward Island  •  1-866-627-9766   •  Contact Us Contact Us | Privacy Policy | Website by Revolution Media 