Forest Hideway Hotel & Cottages - Serenity, Safari and Adventure mainheader starts Serenity, Safari and Adventure 20 years experience in Jungle Safari, Since 1994 Home Bardia National Park About Us Accomodation Restaurant Garden Our Team Objectives Facilities Bardia Travel Infos Activities Bicycle Tour Elephant Safari Bird Watching Tour Fishing Tour Jeep Safari Karnali River Rafting Speciality Tour Tharu Cultural Program Walking Safari Packages Bardia At A Glance Tour- 2 Nights/3 Days Bardia Highlights Tour-3 Nights/4 Days Best of Bardia-4 Nights/5 Days Riviera Maya Family Adventure Vacation Casta Rica Friendship Adventure Vacation Fishing Tour Babai River Fishing –One Day Fishing Tour Rana Tharu Cultural Tour-2 Nights/3 Days Wildlife Photography Tour Guest Reviews E-media Photos Videos Ebooks Blog Contact Us container mainheader ends activity starts Fishing Tour Fishing tour, a trip getting popular as an outdoor activities and we offers numbers of fishing tour in and around Bardia according to your schedule. Read More Best of Bardia-4 Nights/5 Days Best of Bardia, a packages offering you all the not to miss activities in Bardia and get know about Bardia in quiet detail in 4 Nights, 5 Days. Read More Bardia At A Glance Tour- 2 Nights/3 Days Bardia at a glance, a packages offering you all the major jungle activities and cultural excursion in Bardia taking into account your duration to Bardia National Park 2 Nights, 3 Days. Read More Bardia Highlights Tour-3 Nights/4 Days Bardia Highlights, a packages offering you all the highlighted and most popular, liked and recommended activities in Bardia in 3 Nights, 4 Days. Read More activity ends about starts WHO WE ARE Welcome to Forest Hideaway Hotel and Cottages Situated on the edge of Bardia National Park, Forest Hideway was created to provide the perfect setting from which to explore this pristine conservation area. With accomodation ranging from standard to deluxe and with a restaurant offering set buffet and a la carte meals, Forest Hideway provides guests with a relaxed atmosphere in rural surrondings. Built to reflect the local tharu style, the hotel complex consists of timber and clay cottages with traditional grass roofs and decorations. Read More about ends reviews starts GUEST REVIEWS Very nice place, absolute happy that we chose forest hideaway for our bardia experience, Great. and very friendly guides- especially Guide Ganesh Khadka and a nice relaxed atmosphere. thanks everyone for 4 superb days. we will never forget seeing 2 tigers in 10 minutes time and running for the Rhino. mohan is well good to […] View All GET CONNECTED WITH US [email protected] 977-9758001414/ 9858026414 Thakurdwara, Bardia, Nepal reviews ends blog starts FROM THE BLOG Forest Hideaway Hotel and Cottages is very proud to present a Special Offer in the occasion of upcoming Christmas and New Year 2014 with special discounts in all our packages. Read More GET SOCIAL WITH US Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn RECOMMENDED ON blog ends footer starts Home | Bardia National Park | About Us | Activities | Packages | Guestbook | Blog | Contact Us Dolphin Tours and Travels Copyright Forest Hideway Hotel & Cottages. All Rights Reserved 2019 footer ends ngg_resource_manager_marker 