Business and Leisure Travel - Fox Travel & Tours Home Destinations Booking Air Hotel Car About Us Contact Special Offers New York City New York hardly needs an introduction. It's easily one of the iconic cities of the world. From the Statue of Liberty to the Brooklyn Bridge, there's plenty to see. Even its own residents will never experience all that New York has to offer, but you can get a head start with Fox Travel. end s-content Washington D.C. Our nation's capital has a rich history that's worth exploring. Of course, that's not the only thing D.C. has. There's plenty to do: you can visit the Washington Monument, Lincoln Memorial, and the Library of Congress. There's so much of Washington to take in, and there's no reason you have to do it alone. Let us help. end s-content Bahamas The Bahamas have always been a popular vacation spot. You can unwind on the beach or take in the the many sights and vibrant nightlife. You can savor the local cuisine and the distinct taste of the islands. Whatever you want to get out of the Bahamas, let us handle your trip. It will be our pleasure. end s-content United Kingdom The UK is a great destination for all seasons. The seamless combination of modern and classic create a great atmosphere. You can visit London, the rustic charm of Ireland, experience the rich culture of Scotland, and other areas that won't fit in this paragraph. Want to see it all? Why not with Fox Travel? end s-content Prague Prague is a beautiful city, rich in culture and history with a lot of different activities offered. Everything from museums via concerts and opera to nightlife is covered. The city also offers a wide variety of dining options from all over the world. end s-content end s-window end slider Your Journey Begins Here! Welcome to Fox Travel & Tours! We are a travel agency stationed in New York City. You want first class service, and that is exactly what we provide. Our business is to ensure an airtight travel package so that you can conduct your business. Travel without Hassle We know how invaluable peace of mind can be, especially in a high-energy corporate environment. When you travel with us, you travel with the full power of our experienced staff. Not only will we customize a trip for your specific needs, we are just a phone call or email away. We are as flexible as your schedule with a 24 hour support line. Do you want the same comfort, security, and control over your trip that you enjoy in the office? You want Fox Travel & Tours.     end main Affiliates In the Press Book Online! Use Our Booking Engine Get in Touch! Fill Out a Quick & Easy Form end sidebar end content Our Office 237 First Ave. New York, NY 10003 Toll Free Call: (800) 570-8728 Fax: (212) 598-0184 Email: foxtravel@att.net end contact-info Accreditations end organizations Useful Links Airport Status Airport Information Health Information Travel Warnings Sitemap end useful links ©2012 Fox Travel & Tours. All Rights Reserved Banda Regular typeface courtesy of TypeDepot . end container 