Fransted Family Campground - Family Vacations in Beautiful Franconia Notch Area end Header Where Memories Are Made Welcome to Fransted Family Campground. Come experience pristine camping with our river at your feet and the scenic White Mountains as your backdrop. Only minutes to Franconia Notch and White Mountains attractions, Fransted is situated on 45 acres of beautiful natural forestland with a crystal clear mountain brook running through it. We offer many types of campsites for your camping pleasure, including 4-way hook-ups, pull-thrus, riverfront, wooded, and private sites accommodating RV’s, pop-ups, and tenting. We are passionate about the quality and cleanliness of our facilities and campground. Enjoy free showers and Wi-Fi at the campground. Nestled in beautiful Franconia, New Hampshire, Fransted is a family oriented campground that offers access to some of the best hiking, fishing and outdoor activities in the Northeast. Explore The Flume, ride Cannon Mountain Tramway for a spectacular view from the mountaintop, kayak on Echo Lake in the shadow of Mt. Lafayette, or take a bicycle trip through Franconia Notch. Partake in Fransted’s planned activities or just relax at our river’s edge. Fransted is open from May 15th through October 6th. Advanced reservations are highly recommended. Please explore our website or contact us directly to learn more about our campground. We look forward to welcoming you to Fransted Family Campground – Where Memories Are Made. What you’ll find at Fransted: We offer well-groomed, wooded and river front tent sites, some w/water & electric. Our trailer sites are full sun and wooded, 30/50 amp service, and can accommodate trailers to 43 ft, pull-thru’s, full hookups. Perhaps best of all, we have a friendly and knowledgeable staff who can provide tailored recommendations for fun and activities in the area. Modern Bathhouses • Free Wi-Fi • Cable TV • Store • Picnic Tables • Laundry Recreation Field • Camping Supplies  • LP Gas • Ice • Firewood Planned Events/Activities • Hiking • Beach Area • Swimming/Tubing Volleyball • Basketball • Playground • Pets on Leash Wagon Rides • Stream Fishing • Bingo • Ice Cream Social • Mini-Golf end Center [browser scripting must be enabled in order to view this e-mail address] Hosts - Gregg and Karen Weiskerger ©  Fransted Family Campground. All rights reserved. This site is designed, administered and hosted by Pelland Advertising . end Wrapper 