Oceanfront Camping and Cabins | Freeport, Maine [if IE]> <div class="upgrade-notice"> <div class="container"> <div class="row"> <div class="col text-center"> <p> Looks like you're using an outdated browser! Upgrade to a modern browser for the best experience on this site. </p> </div> </div> </div> </div> <![endif] Wolfe's Neck Oceanfront Camping Directions Calendar Jobs About Call Now Menu Stay Campsites Cabins & Comfort Camping Interactive Map Rates & Specials Policies Play Activities Bikes & Kayaks Hiking & Fishing Farm Camp Explore Farm Café Camp & Farm Stores Barns & Gardens Trail Maps Wolfe’s Neck Center Local Area Gallery Book Now Come explore the forest, farm, and sea.   Home A Maine camping experience like no other.  For over 50 years, our award-winning campground has welcomed happy campers from all over the world to our 626 acres and four miles of oceanfront. Spectacular views of farmland and sea make you feel far away from it all. Onsite Farm Cafe, bike and kayak rentals, farm-based activities, hiking trails and demonstration barnyards and gardens will keep your whole crew content and engaged. Our location five miles from I-295, downtown Freeport, and L.L.Bean means that great shopping and restaurants are just minutes away. Campsites   Cabins   Eat   Play   Explore   We are a one-of-kind place on the coast of Maine connecting people to the land and animals at the core of our food systems. Our campground is part of Wolfe’s Neck Center for Agriculture and the Environment , a leading organic demonstration farm and educational resource center with the mission of transforming our relationship with farming and food for a healthier planet.   “The wonders of nature and animals are everywhere here.” -Maine Magazine   Campsites Cabins & Comfort Camping Interactive Campground Map Calendar Book Now     Now accepting reservations for the 2019 camping season! BOOK NOW What visitors are saying about Wolfe's Neck Oceanfront Camping “We thoroughly enjoyed our stay. The sites were very nice and most had good views. The staff were always helpful. It was certainly a nice bonus to be on a working farm and we enjoyed touring and seeing the animals. Everything was very clean. I loved the little special touches like the herb garden where campers were free to help themselves. Such a gem… we will recommend it highly.” – C. Roberts, Ontario, Canada “ We can’t say enough good things about our experience at your campground. We loved the farm activities and the layout of the campground. The facilities are great, and people are friendly and respectful. Your location is perfect- near hiking, near the water, but close to amenities in Freeport if we need to go in for anything. We will definitely be back.”  – Carrie Levesque, Fort Kent, ME “ This camp ground was a dream come true. I loved sitting by the fire at night listening to the ocean waves. The playground location and bathhouse were fantastic for kids. We could sit  a  the campsite or cook and still keep an eye on them. Very friendly staff, kind and accommodating. Ice cream and pizza on site were amazing!” – Christina Croteau, Roanoke, VA “ To wake up in my tent between a field of cows and the ocean is one of my favorite M aine  summer activities!” – Emily Thomas, Providence, RI “Time spent is like coming home. We always look forward to returning.” – Leslie Coyle, Windsor, CT “We have become huge fans of the farm and all its stands for. Took a milking tour, love all the activities and educational opportunities for children and families, and we’ve recommended camping here and the farm to friends with kids. Thank you for all the good work you are doing for the planet, and for giving us such a beautiful place to stay and play outdoors.” – Wende Persons, Brooklyn, NY “Every year this is our escape from the city! We love, love, love the rustic feel while knowing that there are amenities like flushing toilets and sinks nearby…but not TOO nearby! We reserve the same spots year after year and look forward to it all year long. Every time we stay we do the same things but find new joys in them. We always kayak for one day, hike for one, and just relax in our hammocks and at the farm. It is always a pleasure to see what the farmers are up to, and just a walk around the main loop is a great evening activity. We look forward to the Smiling Hill Farm Chocolate Milk and Maine Ice Cream every year.  Cheers to you all!” – Talia Glass, Boston, MA “I love Wolfe’s Neck, it is far away enough from the hustle and bustle of Freeport but close enough to enjoy the amenities it has to offer. There is so much to do in the area, lots of hiking and exploring and of course beaches! I loved Quiet Cove! It is the best idea and what I imagined camping to be, getting back to nature!” – Nicole Kominsky, South Easton, MA Wolfe's Neck Oceanfront Camping Get In Touch 134 Burnett Road Freeport, Maine 04032 T: (207) 865-9307 E: info@freeportcamping.com Facebook Instagram Twitter Linkedin Navigate Stay Play Explore Gallery Book Now Never miss what's going on. Email * Join Us Wolfe’s Neck Center for Agriculture and the Environment. Mission statement:  Transforming our relationship with farming and food for a healthier planet. c. 2018 Wolfe’s Neck Center. All rights reserved. Instagram Feed JS Google Tag Manager (noscript) End Google Tag Manager (noscript) FareHarbor plugin activated 