French Village - Home Page French holiday home to rent in Aude , Languedoc Roussillon , South France French vacation home in Rieux Minervois , Aude , Languedoc Roussillon , South France Ryan Air to Carcassonne , Easyjet to Toulouse , Air France to Toulouse National Car Hire Car Hire Search.co.uk   Holiday apartment in Seychelles Holiday apartment in Seychelles Homepage Share About the property About the village Location Contact Contact About the property Photos of the property About the village Location About the region Places to visit Wines from the Languedoc Markets Rental information Booking Maps Directions Airports   Welcome to 1 Rue de Notre Dame, Rieux Minervois, Aude, Languedoc: Two renovated village houses merged into one (sleeps up to 6), built in the medieval Minervois town of Rieux, with outer walls 1000 years old.     contact : M. Ross Email : soleyleve@frenchvillage.co.uk   Bookings are handled by Villarenters RentalSystems and supported by a legal contract. Villarenters were acquired by the Daily Mail & General Trust PLC in August 2006 for the group's travel subsidiary Teletext Ltd .     Click here to make a booking via the Internet     About the property Built in the oldest part of the town of Rieux, within the medievel ramparts, the house is made up of two adjoining houses. It is comfortable and well insulated, to make it cool in summer and cosy in winter (with electric heating). The house is fully furnished with a kitchen/living room, with sofa, a large fridge-freezer, kettle, electric iron, etc. There are three bedrooms, two of which have a double bed and one with twin beds. In the lounge there is a DVD player, portable CD/cassette/radio, and a TV with satellite channels.   The tiled roof terrace gives a magnificent view over rooftops to the vineyards and beyond and to the darker distant backdrop of the Montagne Noire (Black Mountain). The house is well located for visiting Toulouse, Carcassonne, Narbonne and Beziers. There are many quaint villages nearby (See Places to Visit page), all easy to reach through a network of local roads. You can also easily take a day trip to Spain or Andorra by car using the autoroutes. (See About The Region page.) The house can be easily reached: From the USA you can fly to Toulouse on Air France and then drive to Rieux Minervois. From the UK you can fly from Stansted or other airports to Carcassonne on Ryanair . From there it is a 20 minute drive to the house. Or you can fly from Gatwick to Toulouse on Easyjet and pick up a hire car to drive on the autoroute to Carcassonne and then other roads to Rieux Minervois.   Location   Village : Rieux Minervois   Nearest large town : Carcassonne (25 km SW)   Other towns nearby : Lezignan-Corbieres (23 km SE)   Beziers (50 km NE) Narbonne (40 km SE) Departement : Aude (11)   Region : Languedoc Rousillon   Setting : Village   The Languedoc-Roussillon region           © Copyright Martin Ross. All Rights Reserved. Site updated November 11, 2011.       