Fridays Boracay Google Tag Manager (noscript) End Google Tag Manager (noscript) Facebook Hook Fridays Properties | Select a Property Fridays Boracay Fridays Puerto Galera Menu Home Rooms Facilities Weddings Restaurant Gallery Promos Location Contact Us Black Friday Sale prepare hidden popups end hidden popups Best Price Guarantee Fridays Boracay promises its customers that by booking directly, you are getting the best deal online. If you have a confirmed direct online booking with Fridays Boracay and find a cheaper price for the same offer within 24 hours on another website, we will match that price. Check In: Check Out: Check Availability and Prices Modify or Cancel your reservation <h2 class="align-center">Best Price Guarantee Terms &amp; Conditions</h2> Best Price Guarantee Terms & Conditions Fridays Boracay will make available the best guest room \ price for the hotel (the "Best Price Guarantee"). " Fridays Boracay Website" are the websites owned or operated by or on behalf of Fridays Boracay bearing the logo and branding of Fridays Boracay. In the unlikely event that a lower price at Fridays Boracay is made available on a non-Fridays Boracay website (the "Competing Price"), upon its receipt of a claim that satisfies these Best Price Guarantee terms and conditions (the "BPG Terms"), Fridays Boracay will honor that Competing Price and provide the individual that submitted the valid claim one of the following: (1) an additional 10% discount off the Competing Price per room per night; or (2) a voucher that the guest can use during their stay, the amount of the voucher will be equal to the difference between the original reservation rate and the competing price. Terms and Conditions For a claim to be eligible under the Best Price Guarantee: The claim must be submitted prior to, or within 24 hours after, making a reservation through a Fridays Boracay Website, and at least 24 hours before the standard check-in time at Fridays Boracay. The claim must include: Booking Confirmation Number Full Name on the reservation Lower rate found (with currency) Room type/ Rate plan (i.e Deluxe Room with Buffet Breakfast) Url of the website where the lower price was found Reservation date Stay dates A claim may be rejected by Fridays Boracay if it is incomplete or concerns a non-Fridays Boracay website. PLEASE NOTE: You don\'t need to make a booking on the competitor website, just email the complete details of your claim to reservations@directwithhotels.com. We will get in touch with you within 48 hours from the receipt of the claim to verify its validity. For the Competing Price to be valid, it must be a currently available lower published online room price for Fridays Boracay, the same stay dates, the same number of guests, the same room type, with a similar view and room size, and include similar or additional value-added amenities (e.g., free breakfast). Fridays Boracay will compare the total room cost of a stay, and multiple claims for a stay consisting of two or more nights in the same week at the same Fridays Boracay. Fridays Boracay will convert any Competing Price offered in a different currency than the price made available through the Fridays Boracay Website, and may deny claims where it determines that the difference between the price is due to exchange rate fluctuations. Taxes, Surcharges, Booking fees, extra adult fees, fees for children, rollaway charges will be included in the price comparison. The estimated value of value-added amenities (e.g.,free breakfast, use of Wifi, vouchers) offered as part of a Competing Price will be excluded from the price comparison, and will not be provided by Fridays Boracay when honoring a lower price. Fridays Boracay may deny claims where the difference between the Competing Price and the price on the Fridays Boracay Website is less than one percent. The Best Price Guarantee does not apply to: Unpublished or negotiated prices (e.g., corporate discount rates, group rates, meeting rates); Rates requiring membership in a club or other organization, offered pursuant to direct mail or email solicitations, requiring discount codes or coupons, or otherwise not intended for the general public; Package prices (e.g., prices that include a combination of a room and airfare, an overnight cruise, car rental); Prices offered by opaque providers (e.g., Hotwire, Priceline) that do not provide the name or location of the hotel until after a reservation has been made; and Prices offered on on-request websites that do not provide immediate hotel confirmations (e.g., Asiaweb). The Best Price Guarantee does not apply to existing reservations that are not booked through a Fridays Boracay Website, and Fridays Boracay is not responsible for any fees associated with cancelling a reservation made through a different channel (e.g., a call center, a non-Fridays Boracay website). If a valid Best Price Guarantee claim is submitted without an existing reservation, the individual making the valid claim will be contacted by Fridays Boracay and must make a reservation in the manner communicated by Fridays Boracay within 24 hours from receipt of the communication or local check-in time at Fridays Boracay Hotel. Failure to make a reservation in the required time period will invalidate the claim. The Best Price Guarantee will be suspended during times where the Fridays Boracay Websites or certain prices are not available due to an outage, a technical issue or a circumstance beyond Fridays Boracay\'s reasonable control. A Best Price Guarantee reward will only be provided if the individual making the valid claim stays in the reserved guest room. Fridays Boracay has the sole right and discretion to determine the validity of any claim and will not review documentation provided by the individual submitting a claim as part of its validation process. Fridays Boracay reserves the right to deny a claim, if it cannot independently verify the availability of a Competing Price at the time it processes the claim. Fridays Boracay may at any time and without notice terminate or restrict a person\'s ability to submit a claim under or otherwise benefit from the Best Price Guarantee, if in its sole discretion Fridays Boracay determines that such person has: (1) acted in a manner inconsistent with applicable laws or ordinances; (2) acted in a fraudulent or abusive manner, (3) submitted multiple invalid Best Price Guarantee claims; (4) failed to stay at Fridays Boracay Hotels after receiving approved Best Price Guarantee Claims; or (5) breached any of these BPG Terms. Any disputes arising out of or related to the Best Price Guarantee or these BPG Terms shall be handled individually without any class action, and shall be governed by, construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of Fridays Boracay. Void where prohibited by law. Fridays Boracay reserves the right to amend, revise, supplement, suspend or discontinue the Best Price Guarantee or these BPG Terms at anytime in its sole discretion and without prior notice. Check Availability and Prices Fridays Boracay in Boracay Island, Philippines If It’s Boracay, It Must Be Fridays! Welcome to our little piece of paradise! Fridays Boracay in Boracay Island, Philippines is a resort with boundless opportunities for family adventures, productive meetings, and memorable special events. Perfectly positioned on the eye-catching White Beach, Fridays is a AAA resort with Boracay beach bungalows that is nestled amid meticulously groomed tropical gardens and shady coconut trees. This romantic island hideaway offers the convenience of modern amenities combined with the natural charm of a beachfront setting, making it one of the Philippines most sought after vacation spot. Its magnificent beach front, delectable food, and its warm and friendly employees make it the ultimate choice in the island. Since 1982, it has been the favorite vacation place and home to all its various guests. So come, experience all these, and realize that if it’s Boracay, it must be and should always be Fridays. #primary-main #primary .content Service quality and luxury that confidently meets your standards Spaces for Sheer Pleasure Learn More Fridays Boracay Resort is regarded as the original small luxury haven in the island. It is known for its exotic native Boracay cottages that give an authentic tropical vibe. Each room is equipped with hot and cold shower, cable TV, NDD and IDD phone, luxurious white sheets and towels, fully stocked mini-bar, bath amenities, and DVD player. Fridays' cottages in Boracay can be booked direct online. Learn More More Than Just Absolute Leisure Learn More Unlike other Boracay hotels at Station 1, Fridays affords a complete set of Boracay huts' amenities and facilities that caters to any type of traveler. We have a freshwater swimming pool, beachfront bar, 120-seat capacity restaurant, and Wi-Fi Internet access throughout the resort. These provisions and more are paired with courteous and professional assistance of our staff to guarantee a more rewarding stay. Learn More A Beachfront Sanctuary Learn More Boracay Island is located at the northern tip of Panay Island, province of Aklan, in the Visayan region, approximately 300 km south of Manila. Upon arrival in Caticlan Airport, our transfer officer will escort you to the Caticlan Jetty Port, a short trip of 200 m. Our outrigger boat then takes you on a 15-minute ride to Cagban Port where our van will transport you to our White Beach villas in Fridays Boracay. Learn More A resort with boundless opportunities for family adventure, productive meetings and memorable special events. Check availability and prices #main-container #main Quick Links Home Rooms Facilities Weddings Restaurant Gallery Promos Location Contact Us Reservation Policies Privacy Policy Sitemap Fridays Boracay Boracay Island, Malay, 5608 Aklan 63 36 288 6204/05 info@fridaysboracay.com Awards Sign up for our Newsletter Today Subscribe Follow Us © Copyright 2019. All Rights Reserved. Powered by DirectWithHotels #wrapper Sojern Master Pixel Tag cp_v1_js, Pixel Version: 1 End Sojern Tag 