Fundy Heights Bed And Breakfast - Saint John, New Brunswick, Canada Toggle navigation Fundy Heights B&B Suites Amenities Your Host Saint John Booking Like us on Facebook Fundy Heights Bed & Breakfast Saint John — New Brunswick — Canada You'll find the Fundy Heights B&B in an idyllic setting along the beautiful Bay of Fundy. Your quiet, lush and friendly surroundings are just 5 minutes from the historic City Centre of Saint John , and very well located near the Digby Ferry. Four distinctive guest suites await you, each with their own beautiful style and unique characteristics. Relax in the New Brunswick Room or stroll the secluded gardens. Enjoy a wonderful and complimentary home-style breakfast in Carman's Club dining room. Take in all that New Brunswick has to offer as you explore nearby parks and points of interest. Features Suites Treat yourself to a dreamlike experience in serene Saint John. Our four well-appointed guest suites are all decorated to reflect the unique character of each room. Twin, Double, Queen, and King-sized beds are all available. more... Amenities Unwind in The New Brunswick Room , the most spacious of our common areas, take in the beauty of our scenic gardens, or enjoy a home cooked meal and our New Brunswick hospitality in Carman's Club dining room. more... Escape To... Saint John is a city filled with a storied history of seafarers and Canada's most industrious first settlers. The region is filled with great attractions awaiting discovery. Book with us today. more... more... more... more... Reviews Lovely place, convenient to town and the wonderful Irving Nature Park; Kathleen went way beyond what was necessary, ensuring that our stay was delightful in every way. The house was built in 1956, but was updated. Our room was a king with full bath and sitting area. And the furnishings were beautiful. Kathleen is also a great cook — breakfast was very good as well as beautifully served both mornings we were there. I can recommend it highly! Satisfied Couple Boulder, CO, USA L'accueil de Kathleen, sa gentillesse et la qualité de ses petits déjeuners qui est un merveilleux moment, trois jours trois différents et de même qualité la taille des chambres, le coin salon... tout! Patricia France We spent a very pleasant two nights with Kathleen at the Fundy Heights B&B. Our two teenage sons thoroughly enjoyed having The Den to themselves and we had the Martello room. The house is lovely, very clean and very welcoming and Kathleen is an excellent hostess. She was on hand to answer any and all questions and provided a very good recommendation of a local restaurant for dinner — we would never have found it without her and it turned out to be one of the best meals of our trip. The breakfast provided was wonderful and very filling. Kathleen, on learning that our younger son was fond of watermelon, presented him with an entire half watermelon on a silver platter — the look on his face was priceless! Fundy Heights is very well located for the Saint John—Digby ferry, the Irving Park and the Reversing Falls and I would have no hesitation in staying there again if we ever have the good fortune to visit Saint John again. Lynda L. Edinburgh, United Kingdom Thanks to Kathleen, we spent very nice and comfortable night in Saint John on our way to Grand Manan Island. We traveled with our teenage son and booked a den. The room was big and spotless clean with our own bathroom. Breakfast was delicious, great choice and everything was fresh. Kathleen also gave us good advice on where to go and what to do in Saint John. We would definitely stay there again. Iryna M. Montreal, Quebec, Canada Fundy Heights Bed & Breakfast Home Suites Amenities Your Host Saint John Booking & Reservations   Fundy Heights B&B on Facebook 360 Young Street Saint John New Brunswick , Canada E2M 2T8 Toll Free: +1 (800) 240-7866 Phone: +1 (506) 635-1213 © 2016 Kathleen Karamanos / Fundy Heights B&B 