Bed and Breakfast Galena IL | Galena IL B&B | Farmers Guest House [if lt IE 9]><div class="alert alert-warning"> You are using an <strong>outdated</strong> browser. Please <a href="http://browsehappy.com/">upgrade your browser</a> to improve your experience.</div> <![endif] MENU Toggle navigation Blog Directions Gift Certificates Contact Us   Check Availability   Check Availability Guest Rooms Specials Breakfast Spa Services Attractions Download Our Vacation Guide Upcoming Galena Events Things to Do About Us About Us Our Winter Weather Guarantee WineTime Retreats FAQ & Policies Photos Accommodations Specials & Packages Breakfast Vacation Guide Welcome to Farmers Guest House A Luxury Bed and Breakfast in Galena, IL There is only one Farmers Guest House. Our historic inn is recognized as a top bed and breakfast in Galena, Illinois. Since 1867, Farmers Guest House has kept its doors open to all varieties of getaway travelers and passersby. We continue to specialize in making your romantic getaway an experience you will always remember. At our Galena, IL bed and breakfast we offer you an excellent escape from the ordinary, in an unmatched historic inn with incomparable comforts and exceptional service, along with private outdoor patios and gardens that you can enjoy every season. At Farmers Guest House, owner and chef Susan Steffan, the Breakfast Diva and winner of an episode of Food Network’s Holiday Baking Championship , prepares breakfast fresh from the kitchen every morning just for you, including any special diets or requests. Enjoy a gourmet breakfast served to you at one of the many tables in our spacious dining room at our Galena, IL B&B. Guests can also join us for WineTime every afternoon at 5:00pm. Take a glass to your room or the gardens, or relax in the dining room with Don and Susan who can help you with dinner reservations or plans for your stay. Or, ask Susan what it’s really like to be on a reality TV show. All this and more luxury amenities are included during your stay. Choose from any of our 9 rooms and suites, with king beds in over half of our rooms at our Galena, IL bed and breakfast. Of course, all our rooms feature private baths, TV, thermostats and luxury bath accessories – just like home. Your comfort and privacy are our priority. Farmers Guest House is continually recognized as one of the best bed and breakfasts in Galena, IL for people to stay, whether they’re on a business trip or a romantic getaway. We understand how important it is to celebrate that special occasion, which is why we offer several affordable packages and specials for romantic getaways in Galena, IL . While staying at our Galena, Illinois bed and breakfast, you’ll be just a short walk to some of our visitors’ favorite things to do in Galena . Enjoy shopping along our beautifully restored historic Main Street, art galleries and antique shops throughout the region, wine tastings at several vineyards and downtown tasting-rooms, and rejuvenating at one of several world-class spas. Create your own adventure along miles of hiking, biking and walking trails. In addition, those interested in the history have countless historic homes to visit, including the U.S. Grant State Historic Site Home and one of the finest small town historic museums in the State of Illinois. You can also take in all of the sightseeing from one of the Galena trolley tours we are known for across the country. Accommodations Julia Suite Separate sitting room Fireplace & Whirlpool Tub King-size bed Annie’s Galena Cottage In our secluded backyard Fireplace & Whirlpool Tub King-size bed Charlotte Suite First floor, 2 room suite Fireplace & Whirlpool Tub King-size bed Aimee King-size bed Private foyer Jennie King-size bed Tub & shower Malvina King-size bed Garden view Tub & shower Elizabeth Queen-size bed Garden view Tub & shower Mary Queen-size bed Walk-in shower Minnie Queen-size bed Walk-in shower View All accommodations Specials Dinner Date Night Package Two Night Special Celebration Package View All Specials Our Blog How to Have the Best Couples Getaway to Galena Galena is a popular destination for romantic getaways. The historic charm of the town’s building and streets, the abundance of things to do, and the laid-back, friendly nature of the … Your Itinerary: How to Spend the Best 3 Days in Galena With so many things to do in Galena, IL, it can be hard to fit everything into 3 days. To make your trip-planning a bit easier, we’ve put together the … Everything You Need to Know About Shopping in Galena, IL Nestled in the northwestern corner of Illinois, the scenic town of Galena features charming 19th-century architecture, picturesque parks, and fantastic shopping! In fact, shopping is one of our town’s favorite … More Posts Farmers Guest House 334 Spring Street Galena, IL 61036 815.777.3456 stay@farmersguesthouse.com Facebook Twitter Google Plus Pinterest TripAdvisor Farmers Guest House 334 Spring Street Galena , IL 61036 Email: stay@farmersguesthouse.com Phone: (815) 777-3456 Url: https://galenabedandbreakfast.com/ https://galenabedandbreakfast.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/12/farmers-guest-house-01.jpg $$$$ Useful Links Home About Us Guest Rooms Packages & Specials Retreats Contact Us Check Availability Web Accessibility Policy Privacy Policy Our Newsletter Subscribe to our newsletter to learn more about upcoming events and specials going on at the inn. Sign Up Today Local Weather Galena 80 ° clear sky humidity: 61% wind: 16mph N H 77 • L 74 77 ° Mon 76 ° Tue 78 ° Wed Weather from OpenWeatherMap © 2018 Farmers Guest House. All Rights Reserved. Review Our Privacy Policy . Bed and Breakfast Website Design and Hotel Marketing by Q4Launch 