German travel blog, tourism guide - Germany is Wunderbar × Join the Germany is Wunderbar! Newsletter Want to keep up with the latest German travel news and views? Make The Germany is Wunderbar! newsletter your first port of call, and leave the rest to us. We'll bring you a regularly-updated smörgåsbord of everything that's happening direct to your Inbox. I consent to receiving email updates from Germany is Wunderbar and have read and agree to the Privacy Policy . Please leave this field empty. campaignmonitor extension by Renzo Johnson There's no Spam, and we'll never sell on your details. That's a promise! Close /.modal-content /.modal-dialog /.modal Close Home Why Germany? Featured Places Southern Germany Eastern Germany Northern Germany Western Germany Places to Stay Travel Itineraries Blog Wunderbar! Wunderbar! Twitter Facebook /.social Join our Newsletter Home Destinations Northern Germany Activity Attractions Beaches City Breaks Couples Culture Family Gastronomy Green Holidays History Hotels Journeys Lakes & Mountains Luxury Shopping Spa All Destinations Western Germany Activity Attractions Beaches City Breaks Couples Culture Family Gastronomy Green Holidays History Hotels Journeys Lakes & Mountains Luxury Shopping Spa All Destinations Southern Germany Activity Attractions Beaches City Breaks Couples Culture Family Gastronomy Green Holidays History Hotels Journeys Lakes & Mountains Luxury Shopping Spa All Destinations Eastern Germany Activity Attractions Beaches City Breaks Couples Culture Family Gastronomy Green Holidays History Hotels Journeys Lakes & Mountains Luxury Shopping Spa All Destinations Inspirations Why Germany? Scenic and Thematic Routes Top theme parks Travel Itineraries Weird & Wunderbar Places to Stay Hotels by City Berlin Bremen Cologne Frankfurt Hamburg Mannheim Munich Hotels by Region Baden-Württemberg Bavaria Brandenburg Hesse Lower Saxony (Niedersachsen) Mecklenburg-Vorpommern North Rhine-Westphalia Rhineland Palatinate Saarland Saxony Saxony-Anhalt Schleswig-Holstein Thuringia Getting There Tour Operators German Travel Specialists General Tour Operators Educational Tour Operators Specialist Tour Operators River Cruises & Boating Holidays Coach Tours Walking and Cycling Holidays Camping Holidays Travelling to Germany By Air By Rail By Road By Sea News News We Liked Newsletter Archive Blog About About Us Press Coverage Contact Search Type your search term and press enter /.search-outer Why Germany? /.masthead-badge Germany is Wunderbar Showcasing the nation's finest travel destinations and inspirations, as chosen by two independent experts with unparalleled experience of Germany's travel and tourism. We’re picky because we think you are, too! Why Germany Who We Are Andrew Eames Andrew Eames is a travel writer and author with a particular penchant for things German. Over the years he has written about Germany for a range of UK newspapers, including the Times, the Telegraph, the Daily Express, the Evening Standard and the Independent. Barbara Geier Barbara Geier is originally from Schifferstadt, near Speyer in the Palatinate region. She worked at the German National Tourist Office in London promoting Germany as a travel destination to the British media, and now works as a writer, translator and communications consultant. /.site-intro Schloss Hohenschwangau, Bavaria /.slide-info /.slider-panel /.slide-info /.overlay /.slider-panel Speicherstadt, Hamburg Copyright © C Spahrbier /.slide-info /.overlay /.slider-panel /.slider Germany in the News Germany 'world's second most innovative country' How Germany sees Britain Germany 2nd in LP's top countries for 2019 German cities to trial free public transport Missed it? You can still find it in our news archive /.news-ticker-wrapper /.masthead-home North South West East Featured Northern Germany Northern Germany is a subtle place and a taste that needs to be acquired. Mostly flat or gently undulating, its scenery is a continuation of the Netherlands, in a landscape of rich farmland carved up by canals and rivers, with big skies and big cattle and fabulous brick-built farmhouses. Learn More Germany Holidays: Eckernförde, Baltic spa resort Germany Holidays: the story of the VW Beetle Germany Holidays: Cabbage patch culture Germany Holidays: Seafood and salty humour Germany Holidays: Time for coffee and cake Germany Holidays: Wattwandern, otherwise known as mud-flat hiking Germany Holidays: The Hamburger DOM Germany Holidays: Miniatur Wunderland, Hamburg’s model railway Germany Holidays: Travel along the Museum and Architecture Route Germany Holidays: Platt Deutsch Germany Holidays: The Harz Mountain Railway Germany Holidays: Ideal cycle country Germany Holidays: The Brocken Spectre Germany Holidays: The House of Hanover Germany Holidays: White Sausage Equator Germany Holidays: North Sea islands Germany Holidays: Good old Aldi Germany Holidays: The Kiel Canal Germany Holidays: Pied Piper of Hamelin So what happened to the Prussians? Germany Holidays: Foodie breaks in Lower Saxony Germany Holidays: Sylt From the Blog Of bombs, X-rays and wine By Mark Arrol In celebration of Würzburg, a city that was nearly lost in World War II. /.teaser-inner More Blog Posts > Why Germany? As a travel destination, Germany is both overlooked and undersold. Weird & Wunderbar Things that make us smile about Germany. Getting There Trains, planes - and all the German-facing travel trade. Places to Stay The Wundermeisters' very own handpicked selection of hotels. Scenic & Thematic Routes There are loads of them, but we've picked the very best for you. Newsletter News and views from the Wundermeisters and our Wunderpartners. Latest Tweet Follow Us On Twitter > Southern Germany The most-visited region of Germany has everything, great cities, rivers, vineyards, lakes and mountains. When the Creator was over-flying Germany, distributing eye-candy from state to state, he emptied his basket over Bavaria. Today, the sheer variety of landscapes in Bavaria and its neighbouring Black Forest (in the state of Baden-Württemberg) makes the south the most popular tourist region in Germany. Learn More Germany Holidays: imperial, liveable Regensburg Germany Holidays: cold shower, anyone? Germany Holidays: Going for a Zoigl Germany Holidays: Mannheim – where Rhine and Neckar meet Germany Holidays: Proudly Swabian Stuttgart Germany Holidays: Quality time in Esslingen Germany Holidays: Mad King Ludwig and his fabulous castles Germany Holidays: Hintertupfingen, epitome of a rural backwater Germany Holidays: Skiing in the Black Forest Germany Holidays: Ski the German Alps Germany Holidays: Breweries of Bavaria Germany Holidays: The Black Forest Germany Holidays: Cuckoo clocks Germany Holidays: Hut-hiking in the Alps Germany Holidays: Meet the Fuggers Germany Holidays: It’s time for coffee and cake Germany Holidays: Where mainland Europe’s longest river begins Germany Holidays: The Viehscheid, when the cows come home Germany Holidays: The village maypole Germany Holidays: The Swabian Alps Germany Holidays: White Sausage Equator Germany Holidays: Good old Aldi Germany Holidays: Join the Bundesliga’s fans Germany Holidays: The Saxecoburgs and the House of Windsor From the Blog Of bombs, X-rays and wine By Mark Arrol In celebration of Würzburg, a city that was nearly lost in World War II. /.teaser-inner More Blog Posts > Why Germany? As a travel destination, Germany is both overlooked and undersold. Weird & Wunderbar Things that make us smile about Germany. Getting There Trains, planes - and all the German-facing travel trade. Places to Stay The Wundermeisters' very own handpicked selection of hotels. Scenic & Thematic Routes There are loads of them, but we've picked the very best for you. Newsletter News and views from the Wundermeisters and our Wunderpartners. Latest Tweet Follow Us On Twitter > Eastern Germany The formerly Communist eastern side of Germany has beaches, lakes, historic cities, and the nation’s capital, Berlin. During the Communist era the Baltic Coast became a huge destination for ordinary citizens who were restricted in their travel. And southwards, the lakes of Mecklenburg were ideal for a Berliner’s weekends away. Beyond Berlin lies Germany’s cultural triangle, home to Goethe and Luther, and the painstakingly reconstructed city of Dresden. Learn More Germany Holidays: Weimar, classic with a twist Germany Holidays: Mecklenburg’s live-aboard waterways Germany Holidays: Leipzig emerges from Berlin’s shadow Germany holidays: Görlitz, the sleeping beauty in the east Germany holidays: the Iron Curtain Trail Germany Holidays: Time for coffee and cake Germany Holidays: the return of the traffic light man Germany Holidays: Beautiful Baltic Beaches Germany Holidays: Berlin’s hotel heaven Germany Holidays: Schrebergärten, Germany’s suburban garden kingdoms Germany Holidays: Dresden’s paddlesteamers Germany Holidays: Saxon Switzerland Germany Holidays: the Berlin S-Bahn Germany Holidays: Cold War sites Germany Holidays: Get your kit off Germany Holidays: Martin Luther Germany Holidays: Skiing in Thuringia and the Ore Mountains Germany Holidays: Ossi shopping Stollen, Germany’s Christmas cake Germany Holidays: Sorbs and the Spreewald Germany Holidays: the Molli Germany Holidays: Returning aristocrats and country house hotels Germany Holidays: Berlin to Copenhagen by bike Germany Holidays: Berlin lifestyle tours From the Blog Of bombs, X-rays and wine By Mark Arrol In celebration of Würzburg, a city that was nearly lost in World War II. /.teaser-inner More Blog Posts > Why Germany? As a travel destination, Germany is both overlooked and undersold. Weird & Wunderbar Things that make us smile about Germany. Getting There Trains, planes - and all the German-facing travel trade. Places to Stay The Wundermeisters' very own handpicked selection of hotels. Scenic & Thematic Routes There are loads of them, but we've picked the very best for you. Newsletter News and views from the Wundermeisters and our Wunderpartners. Latest Tweet Follow Us On Twitter > Western Germany The West of Germany is a pot-pourri of places, landscapes, flavours and ideas. In many parts it could so easily be part of Belgium, with echoes (in the Eifel region) of the rolling forests of the Ardennes, or of France, with the terraced vineyards of the Rhineland Palatinate producing up to 80 percent of Germany’s exported wines. Learn More Germany holidays: Mainz, cradle of printing Germany Holidays: happy Heidelberg Germany Holidays: The Rhine at its best Germany Holidays: Mannheim – where Rhine and Neckar meet Germany Holidays: dOCUMENTA puts Kassel on the map Germany Holidays: Ayurveda on the Moselle Germany Holidays: Join the Bundesliga’s fans Germany Holidays: Industrial Tourism Germany Holidays: Time for coffee and cake Germany Holidays: Classy wines, stunning scenery Germany Holidays: The Eifel region Germany Holidays: Wuppertal’s Schwebebahn Germany Holidays: Make the most of the German Wine Route Germany Holidays: Cycling along the Rhine, the Moselle and more Germany Holidays: The Brothers Grimm Germany Holidays: Applewine in Frankfurt’s Sachsenhausen district Germany Holidays: Eat your way through Speyer Germany Holidays: art nouveau on the Moselle Germany Holidays: Try Heidelberg for romance and an ultra-chic boutique hotel Germany Holidays: Turks and guest workers Germany Holidays: Stylish budget hotels – the Motel One combination Germany Holidays: Skiing in Sauerland From the Blog Of bombs, X-rays and wine By Mark Arrol In celebration of Würzburg, a city that was nearly lost in World War II. /.teaser-inner More Blog Posts > Why Germany? As a travel destination, Germany is both overlooked and undersold. Weird & Wunderbar Things that make us smile about Germany. Getting There Trains, planes - and all the German-facing travel trade. Places to Stay The Wundermeisters' very own handpicked selection of hotels. Scenic & Thematic Routes There are loads of them, but we've picked the very best for you. Newsletter News and views from the Wundermeisters and our Wunderpartners. Latest Tweet Follow Us On Twitter > Featured Everything on this website is special, but some things are more special than others. Learn More Germany Holidays: Weimar, classic with a twist Germany Holidays: Leipzig emerges from Berlin’s shadow From the Blog Of bombs, X-rays and wine By Mark Arrol In celebration of Würzburg, a city that was nearly lost in World War II. /.teaser-inner More Blog Posts > Why Germany? As a travel destination, Germany is both overlooked and undersold. Weird & Wunderbar Things that make us smile about Germany. Getting There Trains, planes - and all the German-facing travel trade. Places to Stay The Wundermeisters' very own handpicked selection of hotels. Scenic & Thematic Routes There are loads of them, but we've picked the very best for you. Newsletter News and views from the Wundermeisters and our Wunderpartners. Latest Tweet Follow Us On Twitter > Useful Links Western Germany Southern Germany Northern Germany Eastern Germany Featured Places Contact Us About Us Blog Why Germany? Weird & Wunderbar Connect with us Twitter Facebook Email Latest Blogs Of bombs, X-rays and wine May 17, 2019 Happy Birthday Bauhaus! March 21, 2019 Fußball’s rebels March 8, 2019 Join our Newsletter I consent to receiving email updates from Germany is Wunderbar and have read the Privacy Policy . Please leave this field empty. campaignmonitor extension by Renzo Johnson Copyright © 2019 germanyiswunderbar.com. All Rights Reserved. Web Design by 247 Creative Accessibility Privacy Terms of Use Site Map We use Cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. More about our Cookies OK <link rel='stylesheet' id='contact-form-7-css' href='https://germanyiswunderbar.com/wp-content/plugins/contact-form-7/includes/css/styles.css' type='text/css' media='all' /> 