*** Missoula, MT Bed and Breakfast | Gibson Mansion *** Gibson Mansion Missoula , MT 406-251-1345 Book Call Map Gallery Toggle navigation Menu Toggle navigation Menu Rooms Rooms Overview Comparison Chart Pet Friendly Policies Packages Packages Enhancements Gift Certificates Events & Weddings Weddings Wedding Gallery Events Request for Information The Inn The Inn Breakfast Business Travel Gallery About Missoula Exploring Dining Breweries Blog Rooms Packages Events & Weddings Weddings Wedding Gallery Events Request for Information The Inn The Inn Breakfast Pet Friendly Business Travel Gift Certificates Gallery About Missoula Blog end .navbar Home Photo Gallery Map and Directions Check Rates Reservations end header Previous Next Check Availability Relax and Reconnect at Our Spectacular Missoula, Montana Bed and Breakfast Our beautiful Gibson Mansion Bed and Breakfast is an ideal hotel alternative, offering comfortable accommodations, delicious breakfasts, and warm hospitality in the heart of spectacular Missoula, MT. Our romantic B&B is on a beautiful, peaceful property conveniently located less than 2 miles from the University of Montana and the historic downtown. Built in 1903 and re-located in 1979, this elegant Victorian Mansion has been lovingly restored with modern amenities added to provide the perfect location for a luxurious getaway. Come “home” to one of our four relaxing guest rooms . During your stay you can read the local Missoulian in the library, relax with a book in the parlor, or enjoy a cup of tea next to the fireplace in the grand entry. Or you may choose to escape outdoors into our garden oasis featuring multiple sitting areas and a romantic gazebo, where you can enjoy the meticulously manicured flower gardens and bird sanctuary. Allow us to spoil you during your stay, bringing fresh coffee and scones to your room, followed by a full gourmet breakfast service in the dining room. Understanding that all of our guests are traveling on their own unique schedule, we allow you to choose the time that works best for you. Being Missoula natives, our expertise is invaluable when it comes to finding the local flavor, mapping out routes for your Montana excursions , planning family celebrations or coordinating the perfect Missoula wedding . end post-content end contianer View Rooms Rooms View Breakfast Breakfast View Weddings Weddings & Events /row /container end post-content end contianer Romance Packages Elevate your romantic getaway in Montana to the next level. Choose from one of our three romance packages. Learn More /container end post-content end container end post end #main end #content end .main-content-area Gibson Mansion Bed & Breakfast Gibson Mansion Bed & Breakfast 823 39th Street Missoula , MT 59803 406-251-1345 866-251-1345 info@gibsonmansion.com .footer-address facebook google plus twitter end .social-links-contianer Join the Email List Sign up now to be the first to hear about upcoming events & specials! Begin MailChimp Signup Form Email Address real people should not fill this in and expect good things - do not remove this or risk form bot signups End mc_embed_signup end .footer-columns.container end .container Rooms Rooms Overview Comparison Chart Pet Friendly Policies Privacy Policy Accessibility Statement Packages Packages Enhancements Gift Certificates Events Weddings Wedding Gallery Events Request Info The Inn The Inn Breakfast Business Travel Gallery About Missoula Exploring Dining Breweries Blog end .container end .footer-links-container end .footer-top © 2019 Gibson Mansion Bed & Breakfast Website Design by White Stone Marketing Photography by Christian Giannelli & Marcus Berg end footer The Perfect Gift… Delight them with an unforgettable experience at our award winning B&B. Order a gift certificate online instantly! Buy Now 