Serviced Apartments Glasgow City Centre | Fraser Suites End Facebook Pixel Code Facebook Pixel Code End Facebook Pixel Code Global site tag (gtag.js) End Global site tag (gtag.js) Insider API Google Tag Manager End Google Tag Manager Google Tag Manager (noscript) End Google Tag Manager (noscript) Google Tag Manager (noscript) End Google Tag Manager (noscript) English en 中文 zh frasers hospitality fraser difference Frasers Hospitality Fraser Difference FRASER WORLD contact location Menu Offers rooms & suites Amenities gallery attractions Reviews News FAQ More attractions Reviews News FAQ contact location frasers hospitality FRASER WORLD Serviced Studio Apartments Serviced One Bedroom Apartments Serviced Two Bedroom Apartments Rates Request for proposal widget-content module Suite Dreams & Fizz Sweet Dreams & Breakfast Extended Stay Promotion Stay & Dine at Chez Mal Stay & Dine at Hotel Du Vin Bistro widget-content module Key Features & Services Our Gym Fraser Connect - Free Wi-Fi widget-content module +44 (0)141 553 4288 <div class="fixed-title-wrapper"> <h3><a class="overlay-heading-link" href="">Fraser Suites Glasgow, Scotland</a></h3> <p><a class="overlay-heading-link" href="">City-centre living in historical Scottish surroundings</a></p> </div> Test that Google Analytics tracking is working by clicking the submit/book now button on the booking mask site and look in the URL string for code similar to #__utma=1.1142150968.1343168117.1343168117.1343168117.&....etc.. input type="hidden" id="start" value="availresults" name="start" / Destination Fraser Suites Glasgow, Scotland Arrival Departure Adults 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Children 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Corporate/Promo Code Fraser Residence Orchard, Singapore For requests on long stay rates, kindly email us at  reservations.singapore@frasershospitality.com  or call us at  (65) 62 700 800 for further assistance. Alternatively, you may like to consider the next best available properties in Singapore. View property listing . Fraser Suites Abuja For requests on rates, kindly email us at reservations.dubai@frasershospitality.com Book Direct & Save Now Book Direct & Save Now Manage Booking Manage Booking Book Direct & Save Now Best Rate Guarantee Fraser World Welcome to Fraser Suites Glasgow, Scotland Giving you the chance to stay somewhere special, Fraser Suites Glasgow is set in a beautifully-renovated 1850s Victorian building in the Merchant City: the city's cultural quarter abound with museums, art galleries and bustling nightlife. Elegantly designed with a timeless appeal, our  98 Gold-Standard luxury and sophisticated residences  comprise of studios and one and two-bedroom serviced apartments in Glasgow, giving you the benefits of city living combined with a touch of elegance and luxury. Read more Serviced apartments for the solo traveller or couples Our studio apartments  are perfect for solo travellers, or couples looking for a slice of comfort in the city centre with plenty of amenities at hand. With a fully furnished and serviced residence, it is the height of luxury for a short or long stay so you can take in as many of Glasgow’s attractions as you like. Accommodation for small groups or families For friends or a family of three, our  one bedroom apartments  ensure that you’re staying in serviced accommodation more spacious than the average hotel which has separate living, dining and bedrooms to give everyone a little space if so wished. Our corporate guests also prefer this option for a relaxed work space in a private residence. Stunning 2 bedroom apartments for families And for families who need their own special space, you’ll want to take a look at our spacious and luxurious  two bedroom apartments  with all the comfort of home and then some. These larger serviced apartments are suited for families who still need a fully functioning kitchen and prefer a nice sized bathroom. Also popular with groups We also find that groups coming to Glasgow for exhibitions, events and concerts prefer these serviced apartments with the separate living room area and home entertainment system so you can relax and get ready while listening to some music on the IPod dock. Making your stay extra special Whether it is for the interior furnishings that you can sink in to and chill out on after a long day exploring everything Glasgow has to offer, the  facilities  and amenities available or the convenient location making it simple and easy to reach most attractions in the city, Fraser Suites Glasgow is the ideal choice for the discerning traveller staying in the city on business or leisure, be it on a long or short term stay. We’re the only serviced accommodation in the area with free  high speed Wi-Fi  for all guests across the entire premises which means you don’t need to pay mobile charges to keep in touch with people back home and we provide guests access to our 24/7 reception and concierge services. With in-room dining, a scheduled shuttle service across the city centre and continental breakfast for all guests to give you the best start to your day, we go that extra mile to make your stay with us a special one. Somewhere for everyone Whether you’re seeking luxury accommodation in the Merchant City district of Glasgow for business, planning a short trip to Scotland’s largest city to check out some of the amazing tourist attractions we have, or are here for one of the incredible shows at  the SSE Hydro , Fraser Suites can offer the perfect base.  Somewhere for family We make sure your stay here is seamless from the minute you walk through the door and when checking in to our  serviced accommodation . Our round the clock concierge is always available for families who could be up in the wee hours looking after their little ones, and self-service laundry makes sure that a slight mishap won’t ruin the day. Somewhere for friends And for those coming to Glasgow for a concert or gig at venues like the SSE Hydro, SECC, Clyde Auditorium, the historic Barrowland Ballroom or  Hampden Park , you can make a grand time of it staying so close to all the action in the Merchant City; home to many of the city’s top restaurants, bars and clubs right on our doorstep with the added advantage of transport links to all the popular venues. Easy to get to You won’t have any troubles on your journey here. We’re lucky to be located right by all the major transport links in and out of the city. Just a short distance from  Glasgow Central Station  and Glasgow Queen Street stations, it only takes five minutes to walk to Fraser Suites right after getting off the train from Edinburgh, London or further afield. We’re only a 15-minute car or taxi ride from Glasgow International Airport too so you don’t have to worry about an extended commute on arrival. Our guests rate us as the best luxury serviced apartments in the Merchant City. Even easier to get around We’re also very lucky to be located a short walk to the local subway which makes getting to see attractions like Glasgow University and the artsy West End of the city take no time at all. With Glasgow Green only a short walk away too, you’ll be spoilt having one of the cities’ largest green spaces just around the corner. It’s a popular spot with guests who start their day with a morning run, but don’t forget you can always take benefit of  our gym  if you prefer to ease yourself in to the day. A hotel like no other Whether you’re here for just one night, a weekend or longer, at Fraser Suites Glasgow you can be sure that we have everything you need. Luxury serviced accommodation is an integral part of your trip and will make your stay feel that extra bit special. Choose to stay in one of the most vibrant and cultural districts by opting for a hotel in Merchant City, Glasgow. Close Booking directly on our website has its perks! Benefit from: Website  Exclusive Offers   Enrol to Fraser World  for  instant discounts up to 13% off : It's Free! Lowest Rate Guarantee  END HOLDER Offers Suite Dreams & Fizz Stay in August and make your stay extra special with prosecco, robes, slippers and continental breakfast Read more Book Now Highlights Take a tour of Fraser Suites Glasgow, Scotland and its vicinity through our video. Launch Video Where we are Fraser Suites Glasgow 1-19 Albion Street Glasgow Scotland G1 1LH Tel: +44 (0)141 553 4288 Email: sales.glasgow@frasershospitality.com Fraser Suites Glasgow 1-19 Albion Street Glasgow Scotland G1 1LH Tel: +44 (0)141 553 4288 Email: sales.glasgow@frasershospitality.com TripAdvisor users rated our luxury serviced apartments in Glasgow 4.5 out of 5 from 1137 reviews. View location in map Experience the award-winning Frasers Hospitality Book now to enjoy Best Rate Guaranteed worldwide! Participating Properties Our Awards & Recognitions 0 widget-content module View all Awards View e-Cachet View e-Cachet Download our e-brochure Download our e-brochure Connect with us awards press blog careers Developers sitemap terms of use privacy policy Best Rate Guarantee awards press blog careers Developers sitemap Share This Fraser Suites Fraser Suites is characterized by touches of indulgence that spells of sophistication and timeless classics, with rich textures and distinctive décor that reflect the essence… Read more Fraser Place Fraser Place exudes chic and vibrancy with its stylish designer décor and furniture. One can’t help but feel the energy coming from its city location which is often within the… Read more Fraser Residence Fraser Residence is a sanctuary located in the heart of the city. Designed for the minimalist and the contemporary, the property is ideal for those who need a longer term stay… Read more Modena by Fraser Modena by Fraser offers boutique style, long-term hotel residences located in gateway and emerging Asian cities, which are ideal for the “road warriors” or young executives who… Read more Capri by Fraser Capri by Fraser is a hotel residence that caters to the digitally driven e-generation who are intelligent and innovative, and who appreciate the technologically integrated lifestyle… Read more MALMAISON Malmaison exists to cater for those who demand something different. People who are looking for a stylish stay, daring dining or a truly impressive events venue with impeccable… Read more Hotel Du Vin Each individual Hotel du Vin has its own unique character shaped by the architecture, history and sensitive conversion of the building. At the heart of each is our bistros serving… Read more awards press blog careers Developers sitemap terms of use privacy policy Best Rate Guarantee awards press blog careers Developers sitemap © 2019 Frasers Hospitality Pte Ltd.  A member of Frasers Property Group. FOOTER SCRIPTS Sojern Container Tag cp_v2_js, Pixel Version: 1 End Sojern Tag 