Golden Gate Bridge Visit San Francisco Golden Gate Bridge Menu Visit San Francisco San Francisco Hotels San Francisco Sites ▶ Featured San Francisco Hotels ▶ Hotels A-G ▶ Argonaut Hotel Axiom Hotel Best Western Plus The Tuscan Clift, A Morgans Original Club Quarters San Francisco Courtyard By Marriott San Francisco Fisherman's Wharf The Fairmont Heritage Place Ghirardelli Square The Fairmont San Francisco Four Seasons Hotel San Francisco Galleria Park Hotel Grand Hyatt San Francisco Hotels H-I ▶ Hilton San Francisco Hilton San Francisco Financial District Hotel Bijou Hotel G San Francisco Hotel Mark Twain Hotel Nikko San Francisco Hotel Union Square San Francisco Hotel Vitale, a Joie de Vivre Hotel Hotel Zeppelin San Francisco Hotel Zetta San Francisco Hyatt Centric Fishermans Wharf San Francisco Hyatt Regency San Francisco Intercontinental San Francisco Hotels J-P ▶ JW Marriott SanFrancisco Union Square The Kimpton Buchanan Le Meridien San Francisco Loews Regency San Francisco Hotel Mark Hopkins Intercontinental San Francisco The Marker San Francisco Marriott San Francisco Marquis Omni San Francisco Hotel Orchard Garden Hotel Orchard Hotel Palace Hotel, San Francisco Parc 55 San Francisco, a Hilton Hotel Park Central San Francisco Union Square Hotels R-Z ▶ The Ritz-Carlton Half Moon Bay The Ritz-Carlton, San Francisco San Francisco Marriott Union Square The Scarlet Huntington Serrano Hotel Sheraton Fishermans Wharf Sir Francis Drake, a Kimpton Hotel Sofitel San Francisco Bay St. Regis Hotel, San Francisco Stanford Court San Francisco Taj Campton Place W San Francisco The Westin St. Francis San Francisco On Union Square Featured San Francisco Neighborhoods ▶ Neighborhoods A-H ▶ Chinatown Hotels Embarcadero Hotels Fillmore District Hotels Financial District Hotels Fisherman's Wharf Hotels Fort Mason Hotels Haight-Ashbury Hotels Hunters Point Hotels Neighborhoods I-P ▶ Japantown Hotels Lower Pacific Heights Hotels Marina District Hotels Mission District Hotels Nob Hill Hotels North Beach Hotels Pacific Heights Hotels Neighborhoods R-Z ▶ Richmond District Hotels Russian Hill Hotels Sea Cliff Hotels South Beach Hotels South of Market Hotels Sunset District Hotels Treasure Island Hotels Union Square Hotels Western Addition Hotels Featured San Francisco Area Cities and Towns ▶ Cities A-D ▶ Alameda Hotels Belmont Hotels Berkeley Hotels Brisbane Hotels Burlingame Hotels Cupertino Hotels Daly City Hotels Cities E-L ▶ Half Moon Bay Hotels Lafayette Hotels Larkspur Hotels Los Altos Hotels Los Gatos Hotels Cities M-R ▶ Menlo Park Hotels Mill Valley Hotels Millbrae Hotels Milpitas Hotels Mountain View Hotels Newark Hotels Oakland Hotels Pacifica Hotels Palo Alto Hotels Pleasanton Hotels Redwood City Hotels Richmond Hotels Cities S-Z ▶ San Francisco Hotels San Jose Hotels San Leandro Hotels San Mateo Hotels San Pablo Hotels San Rafael Hotels San Ramon Hotels Santa Clara Hotels Sausalito Hotels South San Francisco Hotels Sunnyvale Hotels Union City Hotels Walnut Creek Hotels San Francisco Area Attractions ▶ Attractions A-E ▶ Alcatraz Island Angel Island Bay Cruises Cable Cars California Academy of Sciences The Cannery The Exploratorium Attractions F-N ▶ Fisherman's Wharf Ghirardelli Square Golden Gate Bridge Golden Gate Park Green Tortoise Adventure Travel Liberty Ship Muir Woods Attractions O-Z ▶ Palace of Fine Arts Pier 39 The Presidio San Francisco Colleges and Universities San Francisco Hang Gliding Center USS Hornet USS Pampanito San Francisco Area Cruises ▶ Acapulco Cruises Alaska Cruises Australian and New Zealand Cruises Ensenada Cruises Hawaii Cruises Hong Kong Cruises Los Angeles Cruises San Diego Cruises San Francisco Cruises Seattle Cruises Sydney Cruises Tahiti Cruises Vancouver Cruises Make Travel Arrangements Hotels Flights Vacations Rental Cars Check in Day Month Check out Day Month Search Hotels Check in Day Month Check out Day Month Search Vacations Return at a different location? Pick up Day Month Drop off Day Month Search Rentals Round Trip One Way Multi City Depart Day Month Return Day Month Cabin Class Economy/Coach Premium Economy Business First Search Flights Depart Day Month Cabin Class Economy/Coach Premium Economy Business First Search Flights Flight 1 Depart Day Month Flight 2 Depart Day Month + Add Flight Flight 3 Depart Day Month - Remove Flight + Add Flight Flight 4 Depart Day Month - Remove Flight + Add Flight Flight 5 Check-in Day Month - Remove Flight Cabin Class Economy/Coach Premium Economy Business First Search Flights San Francisco Weather San Francisco Area Map Hotel Display Count 37.819203 -122.478526 San Francisco's Golden Gate Bridge Written by The Golden Gate bridge is simply a technological marvel. It took nearly ten years to build and even though the bridge builders set records for safety, men died creating the orange goliath. On one day alone, February 17, 1937, 10 men fell to their deaths when a scaffold broke off of the bridge and plunged through the safety net. A special group of men called the "half-way-to-hell club" had been saved by a net hung underneath the bridge. Nineteen men fell into the new innovation for worker safety. Standing 220 feet off of the water, the Gate is used by 41 million drivers and passengers each year. Since it opened to traffic in 1937, roughly 1.6 billion people have used the 1.7 mile long span. The highest point of the bridge is 746 feet and some of the foundations are 110 feet under water. San Franciscan's Approve $30 Million During the Great Depression The idea to cross the Golden Gate strait was originated as early as 1872 by a railroad magnate. Not until 1916 was a serious attempt made to make the crossing. Bridge designer Joseph Strauss felt he could cross the Gate with a huge suspension bridge and do it for under $30 million dollars. In 1921, Strauss finalized a plan and set out to convince San Francisco citizens and leaders that it could, and should, be done. Legislature and War Department Approve Plan for Golden Gate The California Legislature formed the Golden Gate Bridge and Highway District in 1923 which allowed the bridge builders to borrow money, issue bonds and collect tolls from travelers. The future of the bridge was actually in the hands of the U.S. War Department in Washington D.C. The War Department had full control of all strategic ports and waterways in the United States. It owned the land on both sides of the Golden Gate and needed to know if a bridge would hinder marine navigation and if money was available for the project. The War Department agreed to the plan in 1924, but many San Franciscans were opposed to the bridge idea. Ferry companies that made their livelihoods carrying passengers across the strait mounted a stiff campaign to block the bridge. Bridge proponents eventually carried the day and Strauss was chosen as chief engineer in late 1929. A year later, voters living inside the Golden Gate Bridge District actually put their homes and businesses up for collateral to finance the project. It would be a $35 million dollar construction project. A remarkable endeavor in the depths of the Great Depression. The bridge was finished in 1937. Three-dollar Fare to Cross the Golden Gate Bridge Millions of visitors come to the bridge each year. The speed limit of the bridge is now only 45 miles per hour and traffic fines have been doubled for the bridge. A $3 fee is collected for southbound traffic and tourists who want to ride their bikes across the bridge can take advantage of the 10-foot wide sidewalks. Check Hotel Availability nearby San Francisco Other Destinations Visit Costa Rica Visit Seattle Visit Orlando Florida Visit Cozumel Visit South Beach Visit Los Angeles Visit Barbados Visit the Bahamas Copyright © 2002-2016 Last Updated: September 24, 2016 Analytical Software Packages, Inc. 