Best of Scotland Holidays - for custom built Leisure and Golf Holidays × Contact Us /.modal-header Please use the form below to make contact and we will reply as soon as possible. Name Email Which tour are you enquiring about? Message Help us to avoid spam and tick the box below: /.modal-body Submit /.modal-footer /.modal-content /.modal-dialog modal-lg /.modal Google Tag Manager (noscript) End Google Tag Manager (noscript) /.col-sm-4 <span class="topTelstrong">Covering Britain &amp; Ireland</span><br> Telephone: +44 (0) 1592 752990 Fax: +44 (0) 1592 331680 Toll Free: 1-888 678 1567 USA/Canada /.col-sm-9 /.row Home Coach Tours Ireland 5 Day Taste of Ireland 8 Day Irish Heritage & Dromoland Castle 8 Day Irish Gold 8 Day Irish Pub Tour 9 Day Northern Welcome 10 Day Irish Explorer 13 Day Ireland's Wild Atlantic Way 15 Day Jewels Of Ireland Tour Scotland & Ireland 10 Day Taste of Scotland & Ireland 11 Day Scots Irish Tour 13 Day Scottish & Irish Dream Tour 15 Day Scottish & Irish Gold Tour 15 Day The Scots Irish Tour 16 Day Scottish & Irish Gold Britain 8 Day Heart of Wales and England 10 Day Best of Britain 15 Day Highlights of Britain Scotland 5 Day Taste Of Scotland Tour 8 Day Scottish Dream 8 Day Scottish Supreme Tour 10 Day Scottish Clans & Castles 12 Day Scottish Isles & Glens Britain & Ireland 11 Day Irish & British Focus 11 Day Essence of Britain and Ireland 14 Day British & Irish Grandeur 23 Day Grand Tour of Britain & Ireland 14 Day Taste of Britain and Ireland Golf Scotland St.Andrews & The East Coast Golf In The West of Scotland Golf in Aberdeen & The Highlands Golf, Whisky & Motorsport Luxury Package Golf and Whisky Package Great Value Golf Breaks in Fife Great Value Golf Breaks in Ayrshire Guaranteed Tee-Times Old Course St.Andrews Scotland: The Home of Golf Giants and Gems Golf Ireland Northern Ireland & Dublin North West Ireland Dublin & The South The South West England Northern England & Wales South of England Wales Wales Golf: Castles & Caddies Welsh Championship Golf Classics Destinations All of Scotland Motor Cycle Tour of Scotland Scotland On A Budget Girly Getaway in Scotland Weddings in Romantic Scotland Honeymoon in Romantic Scotland Wedding Anniversaries in Scotland Come Home To Scotland Package Touring by Train Whisky Tasting Tour Walking Holidays in Scotland Scottish Clans and Genealogy General Tour of Scotland Castles & Gardens Tour Mystical Scotland Scotland on Film Flavours of Scotland Mystery and Legends of Scotland Great Minds and Innovations Ghosts and Monsters Walk In The Footsteps Of Your Ancestors Literary Tour of Scotland A Passport To Adventure Essential Scotland A Tour On The Wild Side Harry Potter Film & Book Locations British Church Heritage Tour Scottish Castles Scotland: The Land That Inspired Outlander North of Scotland Highland Wildlife Tour Aberdeenshire Coastal Trail Scotland's North Coast 500 Route The Scottish Highlands by Public Transport Homelands of the Scottish Clans Speyside's Malt Whisky Trail West of Scotland Whiskies of The West The West Highland Train Journey In The Footsteps Of Robert Burns East of Scotland Scotland's Northeast Castle Trail Edinburgh Pub Tour Scottish Islands Orkney and Shetland Island Hopping Shetland Wildlife Trail Scottish Island Adventures The Magic of Skye and The West Highlands The Inner Hebrides by Public Transport Scottish Island Tours Northern Ireland Ireland's Northern Coastline in 5 Days Causeway Coastal Route Game of Thrones Package Gardens of Northern Ireland Belfast and Titanic City Breaks Highlights of Northern Ireland All of Ireland Best of Ireland Educational Tour of Ireland for Groups Historic Castles and Houses of Ireland Literary Tour of Ireland Mystical Ireland All Ireland Rail Tour Ireland's Whiskey Trail West of Ireland Wild Atlantic Way North West Ireland Tour the Islands of Ireland Ireland's Northern Coastline in 5 Days Wild Atlantic Way North West East of Ireland St. Patrick's Footsteps South East Ireland On Dublin's Doorstep Ireland's Christian Heritage Horse Drawn Caravan Holiday South West Ireland Killarney Lakes and Countryside River Shannon Cruises South of Ireland Garden Tour England Mystical England Highlights of England English Food and Drink Package English Gardens Package Luxury England Shopping in England Liverpool North of England in 4 Days The South and Midlands of England Outdoors In South East England Film and TV Tour of England Arts and Culture English Outdoors Wales Castle Tour of Wales Mystical Wales Wales in a Week Mid and South Wales Food Trail Gardens of North Wales Gardens of South Wales Market Towns of Wales Textile Treasures of Wales Walking in Wales Golf: Castles and Caddies Adventure in Wales North Wales Coast 3 Day Package Southern Cities of Wales Myths and Legends e-brochures Incentives Contact Us Blog /.col-sm-12 nav animate-500 fadeIn /.row /.container /#topheader Glenfinnan Scotland Temple Bar Dublin Cruden Bay Golf Club Scotland Kilchurn Castle Loch Awe Scotland Carrick-a-Rede Rope Bridge Northern Ireland Hadrian's Wall Northumberland England Caernarfon Castle Wales Ailsa Course Turnberry Scotland Ailsa Craig Ayrshire Scotland Cliffs of Moher Ireland Dingle Ireland Tower Bridge London Forth Bridges Scotland Avoca Co.Wicklow Ireland Old Course St.Andrews Scotland Isle of Skye Scotland Royal & Ancient Clubhouse St.Andrews Scotland Rock of Cashel Co.Tipperary Ireland Ballintoy Harbour Causeway Coast Northern Ireland Rosslyn Chapel near Edinburgh Bunratty Irish Night Ireland Valentia Lighthouse Co.Kerry Ireland Fanad Head Lighthouse Co.Donegal London Skyline from the London Eye Controls Previous Next /.row Welcome to Best of Scotland Holidays Best of Scotland Holidays is one of Britain's longest established independent tour operators. Started in 1983 by the Dewar family, we now have over 35 years' expertise in planning leisure and golfing packages in Scotland, England, Ireland and Wales. We pride ourselves on our local knowledge, and on our ability to provide personal attention to all our clients. Within this site you will find some suggested itineraries for programmes in Scotland, England, Ireland and Wales. However as we custom-build the majority of programmes to client specifications, we will be delighted to devise a programme to suit your exact requirements and budget, and if you require our expertise to guide you along the way, we are more than happy to help. Please send your enquiry on the package you are interested in and then click the 'Request a quote' button and give us an outline of what you would like to do and we will send you a no obligation quotation. We look forward to the opportunity of organising your holiday of a lifetime. The Best of Scotland Holidays Team Check out our Golf in Scotland Video Featured Holidays Weddings in Romantic Scotland Dreaming of tying the knot in Scotland? If you dream of a fabulous romantic Wedding Day, in the midst of the history and traditions of Scottish lochs and glens, Best of Scotland Holidays can assist you with all the plans for your big day, from... Read more Request a quote Castle Tour of Wales Approx. £899 per person sharing The Welsh landscape is crammed with castles – brooding stone reminders of the country's turbulent history. There are 641 in all. Essentially there are three types of castle in Wales: those built by the Normans,... Read more Request a quote Causeway Coastal Route The Northern coastal fringe of Ireland offers some great opportunities for touring holidays. The north channel links the Irish Sea with the Atlantic Ocean, framing some dramatic scenic drives with roads that hug the water’s edge, often separated... Read more Request a quote Great Value Golf Breaks in Fife From £396 per person sharing - midweek (supp. for weekends) Fife boasts over 45 famous, historic and challenging golf courses. A wide range of beautiful parkland, inland and links courses await your arrival in The Home of Golf. In addition... Read more Request a quote 5 Day Taste of Ireland Read more Request a quote Highlights of England Welcome to England! This seven-day tour is the perfect introduction to one of the world's most iconic destinations. It takes in UNESCO World Heritage sites, historic cities, stately homes and traditional English cuisine. Celebrate culture and more... Read more Request a quote Wild Atlantic Way North West The Wild Atlantic Way - a remarkable 1,500 mile long coastal driving route, stretching along the stunning west coast of Ireland. The best way to explore it is by car. Here is our Donegal and Sligo package on the Wild Atlantic Way. Out at the very... Read more Request a quote North of England in 4 Days Sumptuous Georgian gardens, medieval castles and literary heritage await you in the north of England, along with the warmth and hospitality the region is famous for. You’ll discover the awe-inspiring sights of the Lake District, taste delicious... Read more Request a quote Walking in Wales Wales Coast Path - South & West Wales What a fantastic thing: to walk the entire length of a country’s edge.  How better to really get to know the shape and soul of a nation? Well, in 2012 Wales became the only country in the world where... Read more Request a quote 10 Day Taste of Scotland & Ireland Read more Request a quote Great Value Golf Breaks in Ayrshire From £411 per person sharing - midweek (supp. for weekends) Not only is Scotland The Home of Golf, it is also the birthplace of the sport’s most prestigious tournament, the Open Championship, which began in Ayrshire in 1860. While most of... Read more Request a quote /.col-sm-6 welcome-box Mailing List Join our mailing list to be first to hear about specials. Begin MailChimp Signup Form <link href="//cdn-images.mailchimp.com/embedcode/classic-081711.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"> Email Address Choose a mailing list Travel Agents Public List real people should not fill this in and expect good things - do not remove this or risk form bot signups (Please note that your enquiry will be processed as described in our Privacy Policy .) End mc_embed_signup /.mailingBox Speyside's Malt Whisky Trail Our Package Includes The Following: 3 nights' hotel accommodation on a bed and breakfast basis; Chauffeur Drive car; Admission to Whisky Distilleries to include tastings; VAT at 20%. Find out more ... /.col-sm-12 /.row /.troonOffer Scotland: The Home of Golf Included in this package: 13 nights Hotel accommodation (3, 4 or 5 Star Hotels depending on your budget); Breakfast each morning; 13 rounds of golf (We will adjust the amount of golf to suit your needs); Car Hire: 2 golfers based on Automatic Family Saloon and 4 golfers based on an Automatic MPV; Coach for group travel; VAT at 20% We will custom build this package to suit your needs Find out more ... /.col-sm-12 /.row /.troonOffer 15 Day The Scots Irish Escorted Coach Tour 2019 Price: From £2365 per person sharing 3 & 4 Star Holiday - 14 Nights / 26 Meals This tour features: Blarney Castle; Arigna Mining Experience; Clan Donald Centre at Armadale Castle; Cliffs of Moher; Edinburgh Castle; Giant's Causeway; Glenveagh Castle & National Park; Isle of Skye; Royal Yacht Britannia; Titanic Belfast plus much more. Find out more ... /.col-sm-12 /.row /.troonOffer /.row /.col-sm-4 /.row /.container Best Of Scotland Holidays, Unit 1, Waverley Road, Mitchelston Industrial Estate, Kirkcaldy, Fife, KY1 3NH, SCOTLAND Telephone: +44 (0) 1592 752990 Fax: +44 (0) 1592 331680 Toll Free: 1-888 678 1567 USA/Canada Email: enquiries@best-of-scotland.co.uk facebook twitter linkedin facebook twitter linkedin /.col-sm-4 Home Coach Tours Destinations e-brochures Incentives Contact Us Blog Best of Scotland Terms & Conditions Coach Tours Terms & Conditions Reviews and Testimonials Coach Tours Britain and Ireland Privacy & Cookie Policy /.col-sm-4 Copyright © 2019 Best Of Scotland Holidays. Website Design Internet Creation No Credit Card Fees /.col-sm-4 /.row /.container /#footer Start Cookie Script End Cookie Script 