Governors Inn Hotel - Sacramento | Book Direct end #logo Guest Rooms Reservations Attractions Photo Gallery Testimonial Contact Us   end #menu-main   Weclome To The Governors Inn Hotel .slide-wrapper .slide-meta .wrapper end .hermes-gallery-slide Beautiful Decor .slide-wrapper .slide-meta .wrapper end .hermes-gallery-slide Plenty of Free Parking .slide-wrapper .slide-meta .wrapper end .hermes-gallery-slide The beautiful Tower Bridge .slide-wrapper .slide-meta .wrapper end .hermes-gallery-slide Comfortable Rooms .slide-wrapper .slide-meta .wrapper end .hermes-gallery-slide Outdoor Pool and Spa .slide-wrapper .slide-meta .wrapper end .hermes-gallery-slide .hermes-slides end #hermes-gallery .flexslider Book Your Room at The Governors Inn Hotel. A 3 Star Hotel. Make a Reservation Free Parking, WifI and Continental Breakfast. Located in the heart of the California State Capital, the Governors Inn Hotel is minutes from Old Sacramento, the new Golden 1 Center and restaurants and shopping galore. Our 133 beautiful guest rooms and suites offers some of the most spacious accommodations in a comfortable and casual atmosphere.   hermes-call2action .widget .wrapper .wrapper-special end .post-cover Guest Rooms Retreat from the hustle and bustle of Sacramento life to the Governor’s Inn Hotel, where you will find our newly renovated hotel comfortable and relaxing. With our high standards for excellent service and our reputation for delivering the highest hospitality […] Continue Reading .post-excerpt   .featured-page-wrapper .featured-page end .post-cover Attractions Welcome to the Capital of California and the Central Valley! Founded in 1849, the City of Sacramento is the 6th largest in the State of California. Located at the confluence of the American and Sacramento Rivers, the city has a […] Continue Reading .post-excerpt   .featured-page-wrapper .featured-page end .post-cover Meetings And Groups We have ample meeting and group space for your next event. The Governors Inn Hotel offers more than 6,500 square feet of conference and meeting space ideal for hosting business meetings, training sessions, seminars, board meetings, job applicant interviews, retreats, […] Continue Reading .post-excerpt   .featured-page-wrapper .featured-page   end .featured-pages .wrapper .wrapper-main #content Make A Reservation Make A Reservation! The Governors Inn Hotel offers free parking, free continental breakfast and free airport shuttle that operates 6:30 am until 10 pm, 7 days-a-week. New! Sleep, Park , Fly Rates :: Book Now!   .wrapper .wrapper-special #hermes-prefooter Contact Us 210 Richards Blvd, Sacramento, California 95811 .hermes-contact (916) 448-7224 .hermes-contact info@governorsinnhotel.com .hermes-contact .hermes-contacts     end .column Information About Us Reviews Hotel Policies Privacy Policy Site Map     end .column Connect With Us Like us on Facebook end .hermes-social Check us on Foursquare end .hermes-social TripAdvisor Reviews end .hermes-social Yelp Reviews end .hermes-social end .hermes-connect     end .column   end .column     Copyright © 2019 Governors Inn Hotel - Sacramento. All Rights Reserved end .wrapper end #container 