Hotel Grand Samarkand Superior Slider TOP Outer Menu Grand Home Hotel Grand Samarkand Superior A Hotel Grand Samarkand Superior B Feedback Contact Logo Start jp-wrapper Top Module A B C D The Grand Samarkand Superior Hotels is a mark of quality. Choose from one of our superb venues. Grand Samarkand Superior A Grand Samarkand Superior B End Top Module A B C D Main Content Welcome to Samarkand! Set in the heart of Samarkand, our hotels offers Uzbek and European cuisine, a garden and free Wi-Fi in public areas. The Old Town district and Registan Square are within a 10-minute drive. The classic-style, air-conditioned rooms of our hotels offer elegant, warm-coloured interiors with white brick walls. All rooms come with a flat-screen TV, a refrigerator and a private bathroom. Grand Samarkand Restaurants is decorated with traditional Uzbek rugs and serves Uzbek and European cuisine. A wide range of wines and fine drinks is offered at the bar. The Guru Amir Mausoleum is 2 km away, and it is 750 m to the International Museum of Peace and Solidarity. In addition, the hotels are located close to the popular restaurant "Samarkand" and major shopping centers. Both Samarkand Airport and Samarkand Train Station are an 8-minute drive from Hotels Grand Samarkand Superior. A shuttle service is available for an extra fee, and free on-site parking is also offered.  We speak your language! Our services Luxury accommodations, worldwide reputation!   Outdoor pool (seasonal) Terrace Sauna Fitness centre Restaurant Bar Breakfast in the room Internet Parking 24-hour front desk Laundry Ironing service Meeting/banquet facilities Business centre Fax/photocopying Gift shop Safety deposit box Air conditioning End Main Content Bottom Module A B C D Book a room http://www.youjoomla.com YJ Booking 3.0 for Joomla 2.5, 3.0 and UP reservation form begin Choose your destination: Destination Package: Grand Samarkand Superior A Grand Samarkand Superior B Accommodation: Type of room: Single Twin/Double Triple Deluxe Executive suite Number of Guests: Check-in: Arrival Date: Check-out: Departure Date: Personal Information: Name: Surname: E-mail: Phone: Additional Information: *Captcha: 5+10 = ? Submit Reset http://www.youjoomla.com YJ Booking 3.0 for Joomla 2.5 ends here Map - How to find us End Bottom Module A B C D Footer Module Copyright © 2019  Grand Samarkand Superior Hotels End uk-container Off Canvas Grand Home Hotel Grand Samarkand Superior A Hotel Grand Samarkand Superior B Feedback Contact Top Scroller 