grandcanyonhostel body start html embeds start body start html embeds end     Grand Canyon International Hostel Home Grand Canyon Explore Nearby Rooms & Rates Amenities Nomads Lounge Contact Jobs FAQ More BOOK NOW Recommended by Trip Advisor, Lonely Planet, Guide Du Routard & Yelp! We're Glad You Found Us! The award winning, world renowned Grand Canyon International Hostel, is located in the sunny mile high community of Flagstaff Arizona, home to the Northern Arizona University Lumberjacks, Arizona SnowBowl, Lowell Observatory and 6 unique microbreweries crafting signature local ales for your tasting pleasure!    Super friendly guest services, comfy accommodations, a tasty complimentary breakfast & FREE WI FI, are just a few of the reasons this hostel is a popular respite for nomads from around the globe. It’s the perfect home base to explore the Grand Canyon, Sedona, nearby Ancient Ruins and the many other intriguing attractions Northern Arizona has to offer. After a full day of sightseeing, you’ll enjoy retreating in a charming, cozy environment where interesting, like-minded adventurers gather to rest, recoup, and share their travel tales.    We hope you’ll choose to rest up for the next leg of your journey at the Grand Canyon International Hostel – your "Home Away From Home" in Arizona, USA! Free WiFi Affordable Accomodations Located In the Heart of Downtown "FLAG"! Follow Us on Instagram! Clean Rooms What People Are Saying About Us... "This place is so warm and welcoming, just absolutely killer! Friendly people everywhere – only stayed one night- but will definitely be back sometime in the future! Thank you so much! Beautiful artwork and decoration everywhere, such a wonderful place!”  Michelle (North Wales)   "This is the best hostel I have ever shared in the USA, and believe me I've spent a lot of nights in hostels all over the U.S.. Nice and clean rooms, very friendly staff members, big breakfast and nice tour to the Grand Canyon! ” Iztar (Serbia)    For the past week this hostel has become “home” to me. I leave with fantastic memories of Flagstaff, having made many friends and had heaps of fun. This Hostel has been the friendliest, homeliest hostel I have been to... and the best breakfast. Thank you to the friendly, helpful staff for making my stay as excellent as it was." Kara (Australia) Flagstaff Calendar Of Events We Accept Show More Address   19 S. San Francisco Street Flagstaff, AZ 86001 Contact Us   info@grandcanyonhostel.com Tel: 928.779.9421 Motel Du Beau Our Sister Facility... Home Grand Canyon Explore Nearby Rooms & Rates Amenities Nomads Lounge Contact Jobs FAQ More © 2016 Hillside Enterprises, LLC No Footer body end html embeds start body end html embeds end 