Home - GrandCanyonCVB.org Home Where to Stay Where to Eat Where to Shop What to Do About Grand Canyon GrandCanyonCVB.org Tusayan wildlife Grand Canyon winter wonderland View from Bright Angel Lodge The El Tovar  Mule Train South Kaibab Trail Powell Point Bright Angel Trailhead Sunset at Powell Point Yavapai Point Experience the Winter Majesty Grand Canyon South Rim Tap Here Select Language English Afrikaans Albanian Arabic Armenian Azerbaijani Basque Belarusian Bulgarian Catalan Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Croatian Czech Danish Dutch Estonian Filipino Finnish French Galician Georgian German Greek Haitian Creole Hebrew Hindi Hungarian Icelandic Indonesian Irish Italian Japanese Korean Latvian Lithuanian Macedonian Malay Maltese Norwegian Persian Polish Portuguese Romanian Russian Serbian Slovak Slovenian Spanish Swahili Swedish Thai Turkish Ukrainian Urdu Vietnamese Welsh Yiddish Grand Canyon National Park – Celebrate 100 Years! GO GRAND in 2019! On February 26, 2019, the Grand Canyon celebrates 100 years since it's designation as a national park. A UNESCO World Heritage Site, Grand Canyon welcomes approximately six million domestic and international visitors each year. After 100 years, whether its hiking a corridor trail, taking a stroll on the rim or enjoying the landscape from an overlook, Grand Canyon continues to provide a space for all visitors to connect with the outdoors. This 2019, Grand Canyon National Park will commemorate the past and inspire future generations to experience, connect with, and protect the park's unique natural, cultural, and historic resources. READ MORE Grand Canyon SOUTH RIM – Experience The Majesty The South Rim Remains open during Government Shutdown. Seeing the sunrise or viewing the enormous expanse of the Grand Canyon at sunset are Bucket List experiences and there is no better place than the South Rim to experience this majesty. The Grand Canyon is over 200 miles long and it is 11 miles wide at the South Rim. The mighty Colorado River flows through the Inner Gorge over a mile below the South Rim viewpoints…no other place on earth rivals these views. There are so many things you can do at the South Rim. From camping  to beautiful hotels  the South Rim has it all. Take an airtour , bike , hike , walk the rim on the Greenway Trail, hike below the rim, take in a Park Service Ranger Program, take a jeep tour , bus tour or take a mule or horseback ride . You can even skydive with a view of the canyon…only at the South Rim! Grand Canyon SOUTH RIM – Area Maps The Most Visited Attraction In Arizona. The South Rim of the Grand Canyon attracts over 5 million visitors each year and by far is the most visited side of the Canyon. That's because it is the most accessible and provides the most amenities. As with all sides of the Canyon, the South Rim features astounding views of what took Mother Nature millions and millions of years to create. That why it has earned the distinction as one of the world's Seven Wonders.  SEE MAPS Tusayan - Gateway to the SOUTH RIM Tusayan is your welcoming community nestled in the Kaibab Forest just a mile from the main entrance to the Grand Canyon National Park. Comfortable motels, a campground, restaurants, the world famous IMAX Theater, and the official Arizona State Visitor Information Center make Tusayan a perfect home base for enjoying the South Rim. READ MORE Park Entry - Speed your way through! Entering the South Rim is easier than ever before. You can purchase entry passes at either of the two National Park entry stations, the East entrance on the Cameron side of the Park or the South entrance just north of Tusayan.  Or... you can ride the free shuttle bus, park in Tusayan and purchase your entrance pass at any of these businesses in Tusayan: Grand Canyon Chamber & Visitor Bureau, IMAX Theatre, RP’s Stage Stop, Red Feather Lodge, and the Canyon Plaza Resort. For additional information on the free shuttle system  click here . FAQ News and Events National Park Area Info What’s New Getting Around Area Map Visitor Guide Newsletter Sign-Up 10 Day Weather Outlook Visitor Notice! For Grand Canyon National Park-South Rim 2018 ROAD IMPROVEMENTS COMPLETED! Tap for shuttle info Chamber of Commerce Contact Us Frequently Asked Questions Media Room Links of Interest Grand Canyon Chamber & Visitor’s Bureau P.O. Box 3007 Grand Canyon, AZ 86023 | P: (844) 638-2901 © 2016 Grand Canyon Chamber of Commerce Start Quantcast Tag End Quantcast tag [if lte IE 8]> <![endif] 