Moosehead Lake Cabin Rentals in Rockwood, Maine | Moosehead Fishing, Boating, Cross Country, Hiking, Hunting, Snowmobile Maine Vacation Moosehead Lake Cabin Rentals in Rockwood, Maine Search Primary Menu Skip to content #66 (no title) Cabins 1-2 Bedroom Cabins 2 Bedroom Cabins, $160 per night and up 3 Bedroom Cabins Boat Rentals Cabins & Rates Camp Map Contact Us Current Conditions FAQ Area Links Directions Guide Service Fishing Charters Sailing Charters Maps Our Story Private Island on Sebec Lake Reserve Now Seasons Fall Spring Summer Winter Webcam Search for: #masthead Gray Ghost Camps is a place to recon­nect with Nature and let your inner explorer lead you to the next adven­ture. A place to where you can enjoy your favorite out­door activ­ity and have a cozy cabin to rejuvinate at the end of the day. A place to gaze at the stars like you have never seen them. A place where you can expe­ri­ence Maine’s Largest, Moose­head Lake in any of it’s allur­ing sea­sons. Our pri­vate cab­ins offer all the mod­ern con­ve­niences of home. Full Kitchens. Pri­vate Baths. Moun­tain & River Views. Cable TV, Wi-​fi. With over 1000′ of shore frontage there is a view to be taken, a photo to be cap­tured and an expe­ri­ence to be had at every turn. “What­ever your favorite out­door activ­ity, it is best enjoyed here!” Moose­head Lake , a boater’s dream, is a vast expanse of sparkling clear water sur­rounded by rolling hills, moun­tains, green forests and mag­nif­i­cent wildlife. Moose, deer, bald eagles, otter, beaver and fox are often seen. Guests also report sight­ing coy­otes, black bear and wild turkey. Moose­head Lake is home to land-​locked salmon, brook trout, lake trout and cusk. Loons, mer­gansers, hawks and many species of song­birds and water­fowl are seen daily from the cab­ins. The Moose­head Lake Region is also sur­rounded by 2 mil­lion acres of Maine State con­ser­va­tion land all wait­ing to be explored. What are you wait­ing for? Start plan­ning your lake & moun­tain adven­ture today! YOU CAN FIND THE MOST RECENT UPDATES, PHO­TOS & CAMP NEWS BE SURE TO “LIKE” US ON FACEBOOK ! .entry-content #post-66 #content #primary #main-content Moosehead Fishing, Boating, Cross Country, Hiking, Hunting, Snowmobile Maine Vacation #secondary #main Proudly powered by WordPress .site-info #colophon #page 