 Great Canadian Travel Group Skip to content EMAIL US CALL US 1 800 661 3830 Destinations Africa Antarctic Arctic Asia Canada Caribbean Europe Faroe Islands Greenland Iceland Ireland Mexico & Central America Scandinavia South America South Pacific United Kingdom USA & Alaska WSO Netherlands Tours Styles Active Escorted Tours ﻿﻿﻿Expedition Cruises Independent Touring ﻿﻿Northern Lights ﻿﻿Ocean Cruises ﻿Polar Bears & Belugas ﻿﻿Rail Journeys River Cruises Unique Adventures Information We Can Take You Anywhere Privacy Policy Travel Insurance About Meet Our Team Our Blogs What’s New Great Canadian Adventurers Travel Resources Contact Contact Us Iceland Botswana Beluga Whales Scotland Ireland Tanzania Where do your travel dreams take you? Do you dream of an exotic vacation to the South Pacific, snorkelling with colourful marine life? What about a European cruise, getting a close-up view of historic castles and cathedrals, or exploring Tuscany’s countryside from your base in a centuries-old, private villa? Perhaps you’re the adventurous type, itching to take an African safari or search for mountain gorillas in the jungle? Whichever travel story you want to write and have memories of to share for years to come, our team of experts would love to help! Experience fabulous destinations and experiences for yourself, and bring your personalized adventures to life! Stop dreaming and start living. Your adventure awaits! Why Book with Us? Destinations Africa Spot the Big Five and relax in luxurious safari-camp life. Sample local wines in splendid Cape Town. Chill on Zanzibar's sugar-sand beaches. Meander the kasbahs of Marrakech or camp under the stars with the Bedouins. Why book your Africa adventure with Great Canadian Travel? Simple really - we know Africa! Arnie, our Dr. Safari, has been on nearly 40 safaris; Lynda has been on 14 and Margot on 10. Talk to us to plan the perfect African adventure! Call 1 800 661 3830, local calls 204 949 0199 or email africa@gctravel.ca. Antarctic The 7th Continent, truly one of the last frontiers on Earth! View whales and huge colonies of penguins up close, kayak past sculptured icebergs floating by. Retrace the path of explorer Shackleton, and step foot on Antarctica’s massive ice sheet. Arctic Cruise in solitude by giant icebergs, glaciers, whales, soaring sea birds, herds of caribou and musk oxen. Learn about traditional Inuit cultures in authentic Arctic settings. Marvel at the spectacular Northern Lights. Our polar bear and beluga tours have their own page on our website. Asia From enormous, crowded, chaotic cities to uninhabited mountain slopes; dense forests to pristine beaches; creative, modern buildings to ancient temples; historic, sacred rivers to fabled rail lines. Asia has it all! Canada Our own backyard offers a huge variety of landscapes from the vast prairies , to the rugged Rockies and the shorelines of the east, west and Northern coasts. Indigenous cultures, renowned landscapes, Northern Lights, polar bears, Beluga whales and a myriad of wildlife - they all call Canada home! Our Arctic, Polar Bears & Belugas and Northern Lights Style pages feature tours that focus on those areas of interest. Caribbean Pristine white sand beaches, palm trees swaying in a gentle sea breeze, rum drinks and delicious fresh fruit, lively island communities and history rich in diversity. Europe Glide by castles and cathedrals on a river cruise. Be awed by Norway’s fjords and epic Russian rail journeys. Live local in a Tuscan villa. Hike around volcanoes and glaciers in Iceland; sail among massive icebergs in Greenland. Europe offers all this and more! Faroe Islands These stunning, rugged jewels of the North Atlantic are amongst Europe's best kept secrets! Drive the scenic, winding coastal road, count waterfalls. Cruise the jagged shoreline beneath towering cliffs; hike and picnic in unspoiled, lush, green hills. Greenland Sail amongst immense icebergs and witness massive icebergs breaking off the glacier's face. Fly over the ice cap, world’s second largest ice sheet, kayak into splendid fjords in solitude. Witness the combination of Inuit and Viking cultures in picturesque, colourful villages. Iceland Land of Fire and Ice! Witness active volcanoes, geysers, tectonic rift valleys, sheer cliffs and countless waterfalls. Lush green or lava fields - Iceland is a land of contrasts and stark beauty. Explore Europe's largest glaciers and fjords. Meet the unique Icelandic horse, colourful puffins and reindeer. Kick back in picturesque villages or in hipster, yet traditional, Reykjavik. Self-drive, escorted tours or off-road 4X4 adventures are offered through the magnificent, Viking landscape. Ireland Sip a Guinness in a quaint pub, sing along to Irish ballads and listen to local storytellers. Explore ancient sites, meandering stone-hedged lanes and countryside in endless shades of green. From hip Dublin to soaring cliffs in the west, Ireland is yours to explore! Mexico & Central America Mayan ruins, dynamic cultures, rhythmic music and colonial towns. Get up close during authentic experiences, immerse yourself in the history and natural beauty all around you. Scandinavia The three countries of Norway, Sweden and Denmark traditionally make up Scandinavia. Some also include Finland in the grouping, based on geologic and economic grounds. Whatever countries you call Scandinavia, we call them all fabulous! South America Explore the Amazon’s jungle canopy or hike the iconic, ancient Inca Trail to Machu Picchu. Witness jaw-dropping Chilean and Argentinian fjords and glaciers. Sail the route of Charles Darwin through the fascinating Galapagos Islands and see its unique wildlife. South Pacific Escape to gleaming, white beaches on lush volcanic islands, snorkel with colourful fish in coral reefs and swim in stunning, turquoise seas. Learn about Polynesian and Aboriginal cultures and the many historied island nations. Climb legendary Uluru or hike the Milford Track. United Kingdom Northern Ireland, an undiscovered gem, home to the legendary Giant's Causeway and the Titanic Museum. Tap your toes to the skirl of the pipes and sip whisky in Scotland. Discover the remarkable wonders of Wales and immerse yourself in England’s historic treasures. USA & Alaska Cruise in solitude past giant icebergs, glaciers and whales, heading into inlets large cruise ships can’t squeeze into. Spot polar bears, black bears, or grizzlies and moose or caribou. Delve into traditional aboriginal cultures. Witness the splendor of the Northern Lights! WSO Netherlands Tours Join the WSO on their Netherlands concert tour Travel Styles Active Active holidays usually get you going and involved, whether it be exploring the world walking, biking, hiking, running, kayaking or skiing. But, they might also take the activity down a notch on a yoga escape or wellness retreat. There's no right or wrong way to be active - as Nike ™ would say "Just Do It"! + See More Active Escorted Tours On an escorted tour you will be accompanied by a guide for all or most of your land program. Unless it’s designated as a special Escorted Group Tour, you’ll travel independently from your home city to join the group. Your tour guide will provide lots of information during the tour and peace of mind. + See More Escorted Tours ﻿﻿﻿Expedition Cruises Expedition cruising gets you up close to your destination, its people and wildlife. Using much smaller ships than mainstream ocean cruises, you can sail into small spaces and get on and off the ship quickly, to maximize your time. These cruises generally aren't luxurious, but you'll be well taken care of and travel with a small group of like-minded people. + See More ﻿﻿﻿Expedition Cruises Independent Touring Independent programs may include some locally guided tours or may be completely un-guided, giving you maximum flexibility to "do your own thing". We can custom design most programs to give you exactly the right level of independence you are looking for. + See More Independent Touring ﻿﻿Northern Lights Be awestruck by the most spectacular show on earth! We offer programs in Canada, Alaska, Iceland, Norway and Russia to see the Aurora Borealis in all its natural splendour! They're also often seen in Northern Ireland and Scotland during the winter months. + See More ﻿﻿Northern Lights ﻿﻿Ocean Cruises Sail the stunning fjords of Norway or the jagged coastline of British Columbia and Alaska, where whales abound. Explore the South Pacific cultures and lifestyle or cruise over the turquoise waters of the Caribbean, kept company by playful dolphins. Transit the Panama Canal or weave amongst the Galapagos Islands. + See More ﻿﻿Ocean Cruises ﻿Polar Bears & Belugas See majestic polar bears, the king of the Arctic, in their natural habitat out on the tundra in Churchill, Manitoba, in Arctic Canada, Alaska or Spitsbergen in Norway. In the summer months, travel to Churchill and Arctic Canada to see Beluga whales by the hundreds and their young calves, kayak amongst them or even take a swim with them! + See More ﻿Polar Bears & Belugas ﻿﻿Rail Journeys Travel by rail on the ultimate Trans-Siberian Express from Russia across Siberia and Mongolia to China; the romantic Orient Express from London to Venice; through the rugged Canadian mountains on The Rocky Mountaineer; through Scotland's highlands and alongside her lochs on the Royal Scotsman; search for Northern Lights in Russia or explore Africa on Rovos Rail. We love trains! + See More ﻿﻿Rail Journeys River Cruises Relax in comfort aboard your river cruise ship and watch the world go by! River cruising offers the opportunity to explore cities, towns, villages and the countryside along the way, on guided tours, walks or bicycle. Meals are taken on the ship and the small number of cabins allows for you to really get to know your fellow travellers. + See More River Cruises Unique Adventures "Life is either a daring adventure or nothing", Helen Keller. To each of us, what adventure means is different. To travellers, it usually means being on the hunt for unique adventures; stepping out of our comfort zone; exploring the rarely explored; learning new ways to think, live and view the world. Unique adventures should affect us at the very core of who we are.   + See More Unique Adventures Groups Escorted Groups Our escorted group tours give you security and peace of mind knowing you are fully guided for your entire trip, with all the little details taken care of. Custom designed to fit your group’s particular needs and special interests, our group programs are created to include exactly what you want, to fit into your group's interests and expectations. You dream it, we’ll plan it! + See More Escorted Groups Meetings & Incentives Did you know that travel is the most motivational incentive you can offer your staff? Let your employees know how much you value them and appreciate their efforts! Your staff will take notice of travel rewards and you will see results that far exceed those from other incentives, such as increased productivity, teamwork and camaraderie. + See More Meetings & Incentives MEET OUR TEAM Our experienced, well-travelled and highly educated team of travel consultants are ready to assist you in turning your travel dreams into reality! What's your next dream destination? + READ MORE WHAT'S NEW OUR BLOGS GREAT CANADIAN ADVENTURERS (CLIENT TESTIMONIALS) CONTACT US + Contact one of our Experts X CONTACT US Full Name * Phone Email * Comments * Destination Africa Antarctic Arctic Asia Canada Caribbean Europe Faroe Islands Greenland Iceland Ireland Mexico & Central America Scandinavia South America South Pacific United Kingdom USA & Alaska WSO Netherlands Tours Styles Active Escorted Tours ﻿﻿﻿Expedition Cruises Independent Touring ﻿﻿Northern Lights ﻿﻿Ocean Cruises ﻿Polar Bears & Belugas ﻿﻿Rail Journeys River Cruises Unique Adventures Information We Can Take You Anywhere Travel Insurance Privacy Policy Sign up for our newsletter Sign up Read Our Latest Newsletter © 2019 The Great Canadian Travel Group Ltd. 