Grenada Villa Rental Caribella | Villa Caribella Availability Grenada Villa Rental Caribella Villa Caribella Availability Main menu Skip to primary content Welcome The Villa Our Rates Booking and Availability Gallery Testimonials Contact Us About Grenada #branding Welcome .entry-header Rates Start At USD 426.00/Night Rental Car Included Special Packages Available Welcome Drink and Dinner Private Garden Tour Enquire Now! You have found your perfect Caribbean villa rental ~ Villa Caribella! Caribella is much more breathtaking in person than in photographs and the rooms and layout are wonderfully specious. If you have small children we can provided a crib, high chair and car seat to make your stay as comfortable as possible. The view from the pool is spectacular and the lounge chairs make it quite easy to spend the day in the sun and not venture further. The bedrooms are situated in a way that gives all our guests sharing the villa their privacy. The beds are super cosy and have posturepedic mattresses. Denise your house keeper is here to cater to your creature comforts as well as do the cleaning – she is more than just a good cook. Dinners on the pool patio may well be your favourite meals this holiday. We will pick you up and drop you off to the airport which will save you a lot of stress getting to and from the villa with your luggage. We also provide a rental car so that you can experience the island on our own. Our team at Caribella will be happy to make suggestions, give directions or to make reservations or book activities for you. Caribella will be your little piece of heaven and we definitely would like you to come and stay again and again with us whenever you plan to visit Grenada. Click here to read more! .entry-content .entry-meta #post-108 #comments #content #primary #main Features Rental Car Included Swimming Pool About Grenada Caribbean Horizons can take you on various tours. Photo Gallery Get impressions of our Villa and Grenada! outerbox © Villa Caribella Grenada ~ Calivigny Gardens, Close Rock ~ Westerhall, St. Davids ~ Grenada, W.I Tel Office: 1 473 444 1550 ~ Fax: 1 473 444 2899 ~ Cell: 1 473 535 0030 / 1 473 407 3019 Email: macford@spiceisle.com ~ info@caribbeanhorizons.com #page Proudly powered by WordPress #colophon #page 