Greystoke House, Keswick bed and breakfast accommodation Home Accommodation Breakfast Our location Keswick Tariff & Booking BED & BREAKFAST IN KESWICK at the heart of the Lake District Setting up Layout for MainContent and Side Columns. Check to see if modules are enabled or disabled in the sidecolumns Side Columns Layout End Side Columns Layout Find Content width and show component area Modules ContentTop End Modules ContentTop Article Image Welcome to Greystoke House, Keswick A warm welcome awaits you at Greystoke House Guesthouse, situated in Keswick, in the heart of the Lake District National Park. Originally built as a Victorian town house during 1897 in local skiddaw slate, Greystoke house offers warm and comfortable accommodation in both standard single and double en-suite rooms. We are a family run, non-smoking, dog friendly Bed & Breakfast, situated in a quiet location within walking distance of Keswick town centre. Greystoke House is ideally located to visit a variety of local attractions including the Theatre by the Lake and Keswick museum and provides the perfect base for walking and exploring this beautiful area of the Lake District. Please feel free to contact us to discuss your requirements.   A bustling and vibrant market town, Keswick offers a warm welcome to all. There can be few towns with a setting as beautiful as Keswick, situated on the shores of Derwentwater and surrounded by mountains.  The compact and mainly pedestrianised town centre makes wandering round the shops a relaxing and enjoyable pastime with a wide range of independent retailers and galleries as well as cafes and restaurants. There is an award winning and very popular market which operates on Saturday all year round and on Thursday (mid Feb – Dec). For those wishing to find out more about the rich cultural and industrial heritage of the area there is the opportunity to visit museums and historic houses. Mirehouse, just outside Keswick is a beautiful family run historic house with strong literary connections. Discover the history of slate mining at Honister Slate Mine or visit the home of the first pencil at Derwent Pencil Museum where you can trace the history of pencil making through displays and carefully restored machinery. Exhibitions and displays at Keswick Museum tell the story of Keswick's landscape, history and culture. Few people come to Keswick without a visit to Castlerigg Stone Circle. It stands on a superb natural plateau to the east of the town commanding a superb 360 degree view over the surrounding fells. Find out about how real ales are brewed at Keswick Brewery and see exactly how whisky, gin and vodka are made right here just outside Keswick at The Lakes Distillery. For the culturally inclined the Theatre by the Lake offers a summer season of six plays or step back in time and enjoy the red velvet seats of the traditional Keswick Alhambra Cinema. Whether you want to learn something new or improve on your existing skills lots of outdoor experts are on hand in Keswick with a wide range of activities for you to try. On the water you can choose from sailing, windsurfing, canoeing, kayaking, paddle-boarding or just relaxing in a rowing boat. High adrenalin sports are in abundance in Keswick from paragliding to rock climbing to mountain biking. Up in England’s only true Mountain Forest at Whinlatter you’ll find mountain bike and walking trails. Modules ContentBottom End Modules ContentBottom End Content width and show component area Contact Jonathan & Emma Sanderson Greystoke House 9 Leonard Street Keswick Cumbria CA12 4EL Tel: 017687 72603 Mobile: 07805 211574 Or E-mail us at info@greystokeguesthouse.co.uk Privacy © 2018 Greystoke House Website by Jenkin Hill Internet Stellar Vegas Background This website uses cookies to manage authentication, navigation, and other functions. No personal data is collected. By using our website, you agree that we can place cookies on your device. More information Ok Decline 