Beautiful Cedar Cottage in Volcano - Cottages for Rent in Volcano, Hawaii, United States Skip to content We’re sorry, some parts of the Airbnb website don’t work properly without JavaScript enabled. a a a a a a Search Navigate forward to access suggested results Beautiful Cedar Cottage in Volcano View Photos Share Save this listing. Save United States Hawaii Volcano Beautiful Cedar Cottage in Volcano Volcano Bridgette Beautiful Cedar Cottage in Volcano Volcano 󱀁 Entire cottage 2 guests · 1 bedroom · 1 bed · 1 bath 2 guests 1 bedroom 1 bed 1 bath 󰄄 Self check-in Check yourself in with the lockbox. 󰀐 Great location 95% of recent guests gave the location a 5-star rating. 󰀃 Bridgette is a Superhost Superhosts are experienced, highly rated hosts who are committed to providing great stays for guests. 'Hale Iki' is a hidden treasure located in Volcano, Hawai'i. It is hand crafted entirely of cedar. The cottage is only 5 minutes away from Volcanoes National Park. You’ll love the coziness, privacy, high ceilings, loft, full kitchen, wood burning stove, and two-person tub. This house was built by my grandfather 30 years ago, and has retained the charm and warmth that he crafted into this cozy cottage. Read more about the space Contact host Amenities Kitchen Indoor fireplace Heating Wifi Unavailable: Carbon monoxide detector Carbon monoxide detector The host hasn't reported a carbon monoxide detector on the property. Show all 17 amenities Entire place You’ll have the space to yourself and will only share it with those you’re traveling with. Availability 144 Reviews Hosted by Bridgette San Francisco, CA · Joined in October 2016 󰀄 144 Reviews 󰀙 Verified Bridgette is a Superhost · Superhosts are experienced, highly rated hosts who are committed to providing great stays for guests. I enjoy hosting visitors here in the beautiful island paradise of Hawaii Interaction with guests I am available to guests via text or call. Please don’t hesitate to reach out with any questions or concerns. Response rate: 100% Response time: within an hour Contact host Always communicate through Airbnb · To protect your payment, never transfer money or communicate outside of the Airbnb website or app. Learn more The neighborhood Things to keep in mind Check-in: After 4PM Checkout: 11AM Self check-in with lockbox Check-in After 4PM Checkout 11AM House Rules 󱤄 Not suitable for children (2-12 years) 󱤈 No smoking 󱤆 No pets 󱤂 No parties or events Read all rules House Rules Report this listing Report this listing Check Availability Check Availability Things to do nearby Explore other options in and around Volcano More places to stay in Volcano: Apartments · Houses · Bed and breakfasts · Lofts · Villas Kihei Kailua-Kona Pahoa Captain Cook Hilo Nerezine Blean Sotta Castlelacken England Ottawa Novoye Toksovo Migvie Peketa South Yarra Morangup Lambertville Barugo Terms Privacy Site Map Airbnbmag 