Camden Maine Bed and Breakfast | Camden Inn | Hartstone Inn Email Signup Our Blog Events Contact Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus Check Rates A Fine Dining B&B ph: 207-236-4259 41 Elm St. Camden ME 04843 Home About About the Inn Videos Rooms & Rates All Rooms Hartstone Rooms & Suites Hideaway Rooms & Suites Property Map In-Room Extras Inn Policies Dining Meet the Chef Evening Dining Weekly Menu Breakfast Dining Recipes Fine Dining Wine List Foodie Adventures Spa Packages Getaway Packages In-Room Extras Foodie Adventures Last Minute Specials Cooking School Chef for the Day Activities Area Activities Current Events Gifts Directions Press European Culinary Tours Call Us Site Nav Reserve Now Hartstone Inn, A Camden Maine Bed and Breakfast .entry-header Our historic and enchanting Camden, Maine bed and breakfast sits in the heart of Camden village on the central Maine coast.  Fodor ’s considers the Hartstone Inn to be “an elegant and sophisticated retreat and culinary destination.” As a result, this Mansard-style Victorian built in 1835 is a top inn in the area. Above all, our Camden Maine bed and breakfast offers an unique experience in pampered luxury. Most noteworthy, this award-winning Camden inn is part of the Diamond Collection at bedandbreakfast.com . Hence, accolades pour in from travel guides near and far. “From Quimper faience and luscious linens in the guestrooms to the world-class cuisine in the dining room and the collection of 400 live orchids in the common areas, Mary Jo and Michael Salmon get absolutely everything right” says  An Explorer’s Guide to Maine . Lovely Camden Maine Bed and Breakfast on the Maine Coast In addition, Camden Maine activities are right outside our front door. Camden Hills State Park and the surrounding mountains offer miles of trails for every level of outdoorsman. Likewise, our central Maine location showcases everything from ocean vistas to panoramic views of unspoiled countryside. Kayak on Penobscot Bay. Play a round at a world-class golf course. Rent a bicycle and travel the rocky coastline. Take a ferry to the artist colony on Monhegan Island. Or, express your artistic side at The  Farnsworth Art Museum.  This world-class small museum hosts impressive works by American masters and highlights a collection of paintings by three generations of the Wyeth family.  View Rooms Dining Foodie Adventures Property Map .entry-content #post-## #main #primary   #content container row #content_all Check Rates Sign up for Email Specials: Be the first to know about new products, sales and exclusive offers. Begin MailChimp Signup Form real people should not fill this in and expect good things - do not remove this or risk form bot signups End mc_embed_signup About the Inn Home The Inn Rooms & Rates Videos Property Map Inn Policies In-Room Extras Press Last Minute Specials Gifts Directions Contact Us Send a Postcard of Camden Maine Food & Dining Dining at Our Camden Maine Restaurant Meet the Chef Evening Dining Evening Dining Menus Breakfast Dining Fine Dining Wine List Recipes Cooking School Chef for the Day European Culinary Tours Foodie Adventures Activity & Adventure Our Blog Maine Vacation Packages Camden Maine Spa Things to Do in Camden Calendar of Events in Camden 41 Elm Street, Camden, ME 04843 Phone: 207-236-4259 Email: info@hartstoneinn.com ©2015 Hartstone Inn site by Rare Brick .site-info #colophon #page 