Heartland Trail Bed & Breakfast - Dorset - Park Rapids - Minnesota - MN   The Heartland Trail Bed & Breakfast was built in 1920 as the community school for the Hubbard County village of Dorset. Our newly-renovated B&B is again welcoming people to this unique hamlet. Your stay includes a full home-cooked breakfast each morning.   Breakfast is served in our dining room or special arrangements can be made to be served on the upper deck outside the guest room or the lower patio.                           The second floor landings are wonderful spots to read a book or visit with friends           We are just a block south of the access to "The Heartland Trail" ( images/Trail Map. PDF ) The trail runs through Dorset on its way from Park Rapids to Walker; the trail was re-paved in 1997 to a 10 ft. width. Once completed this trail will connect Park Rapids to Walker, Bemidji and Brainerd and will be one of the longest paved trails in America. We have on-site bike rentals available at half-price to guests.   Dorset ( www.dorsetmn.com ) is home to four fine restaurants, a bookstore, shops selling crafts, quality women's clothing, stained glass and antiques, a stone church, and, of course, our bed and breakfast. All this, and only 26 residents. Many updates have been made to our guest suites so that your stay at Heartland Trail B&B a memorable occasion. Depending on the season you will find a variety of activities. Spring, Summer & Fall: Bike the Heartland Trail ( images/Trail Map. PDF ), visit the shops and restaurants of Dorset and surrounding communities( www.dorsetmn.com ), enjoy horseback riding in the Paul Bunyan State Forest, visit Itasca State Park, or spend time on area lakes ( images/Hubbard. PDF ). On site bike rental is available to guests at half price. Winter: Snowmobile from our door onto the Heartland Trail or snowmobile the Paul Bunyan State Forest. Groomed cross-country skiing is available in Itasca State Park (22 miles), and at Soaring Eagles Trail (7 miles), North of Park Rapids. Between November 1 & April 30th, reservations will be taken only with 4+ rooms, so gather your friends for a fun and relaxing way to enjoy the winter wonderland.         Visit our other location in Osage : Lady Slipper Inn   SITE MAINTAINED BY iCRE8           