Bed and Breakfast Blairgowrie, Perthshire | Heathpark Lodge Bed and Breakfast, Blairgowrie, Perthshire, Heathpark Lodge 4 Star Bed and Breakfast in Blairgowrie, Perthshire, Scotland title Site Navigation [Skip] Home ABOUT US & CONTACT BEDROOMS & RATES ANSWERS TO FAQS THE AREA & HOW TO FIND US /sitemenu-content /sitemenu sitemenu-container page-top Sidebar [Skip] Book Online Contact Please use the following methods of contact if the online system shows your dates are not available. Email: info@heathparklodge.co.uk telephone:  +44(0)1250 874929 text:  +44(0) 7763972263 Around this site  Home About Us Bedrooms and Rates Answers to FAQs The Area and Where We Are External Links Discover Blairgowrie Fishing Blairgowrie Golf Club Perthshire Golf Clubs Hillwalking in Perthshire The Cateran Trail Absolute Escapes (self-guided walking holidays) Glamis Castle Scone Palace RSS Discovery Outdoor Activities Bird Watching Red Squirrel information Local Weather sandvox.ImageElement /sandvox.ImageElement sandvox.ImageElement /sandvox.ImageElement sandvox.ImageElement /sandvox.ImageElement sandvox.BadgeElement Created with Sandvox /sandvox.BadgeElement sidebar-content sidebar sidebar-container HOME Page Welcome to Heathpark Lodge , Rosemount ,  Blairgowrie,   our traditional bed and breakfast accommodation, in this charming Scottish family home.  Heathpark Lodge provides quality bed and breakfast facilities for our guests in a comfortable and relaxing environment.  With two tastefully furnished ensuite guest bedrooms and two pleasant guest lounges - both equipped with television - there is plenty space to relax and unwind.  All accommodation is on ground floor level and ideal for those who may have slight mobility problems but please note that the house is not officially designated as suitable for registered disabled visitors. It is not suitable for wheelchairs or powered mobility aids. As well as our two guest bedrooms (one double-bedded and one twin-bedded) and lounges, we offer free private parking and, if requested in advance, there may be garage space available for most sizes of car. Details of the bedrooms and 2019 rates are on this page .  Free high speed Wi-fi broadband and the exclusive use of a Windows laptop and an iPad is also available for our guests.  Hopefully the   Answers to FAQs page   will provide any further information you require about other facilities, but do not hesitate to email us if you need to know more.  We do our best to answer emails within 12 hours. The town centre is a three minute drive or a 15 minute walk and has a variety of shops and restaurants to suit all tastes. sandvox.YouTubeElement /sandvox.YouTubeElement Nestled at the foot of the Grampians and in the heart of Scotland, Blairgowrie is the perfect base for golfers, walkers, fishers, bikers and touring the Highlands. It is approximately one hour's drive from Aberdeen and Edinburgh airports and one-and-a half- hours from Glasgow and Prestwick airports.  Dundee and Perth are less than half an hour by car and other local towns are Coupar Angus, Alyth, Meigle, Burrleton and Newtyle.  More information about the local area is here. Where possible local produce is used in our varied breakfast menu.  Special diets are catered for and there is a daily vegetarian option as well as the offer of a continental-styled breakfast. sandvox.ImageElement /sandvox.ImageElement Email:  info@heathparklodge.co.uk /article-content /article-info /article main-content main content ©  contact   2013 [Back To Top] page-bottom container specific body type 