 Hibiscus Coffee & Guesthouse - Grayton Beach/Santa Rosa Beach FLHibiscus Coffee & Guesthouse | Santa Rosa Beach, FL 85 Defuniak St Santa Rosa Beach, FL 32459, United States Email: home@hibiscusflorida.com Guesthouse: (850)231-2733 - Cafe: (850)231-1734 The place to BE... The place to BE... The place to BE... The place to BE... The place to BE... The place to BE... The place to BE... Rooms Specials Hibiscus Café FAQ Local Info Event Hosting Be Words Contact Terms & Conditions Select a page... Home Rooms Specials Hibiscus Café FAQ Local Info Event Hosting Be Words Contact Terms & Conditions Search CYSY Framework 3 Copyright &copy; 2012-2013 - CYber SYtes, Inc. All Rights Reserved CYSY Framework 3 Copyright(c)2012-2013 - CYber SYtes, Inc. All Rights Reserved Hibiscus Coffee & Guesthouse An Old Fashioned, Romantic Getaway An old fashioned, romantic getaway, Hibiscus Coffee & Guesthouse, is just up the street from the sugar white sands of one of America’s most beautiful beaches. We have 13 distinctly different accommodations, all furnished and decorated with a vintage, Old Florida feel.  All of our rooms have satellite TV, mini or full-sized refrigerator, microwave oven, coffee pot, iron and ironing board, private bath, a blow-dryer and WiFi. In addition to 3 pet friendly, three of our accommodations have full kitchens and two others share a kitchen. As always, your stay includes a wonderful breakfast every morning in the café. We have three very different buildings on the grounds.  The Café Building is home to Hibiscus Café and our four original guestrooms:  The Turner, Magnolia and Hibiscus rooms upstairs and the pet-friendly Art Deco downstairs. The Woodpecker Cottage is just across the courtyard. Bert’s Barn, built in 1904, has 5 guestrooms. Downstairs, we have the Big Easy, which is designed to accommodate our wheelchair-using patrons, the Funky Bird which is the second of our 3 pet-friendly rooms and, right across dog-trot from it, is the Old Florida. Upstairs, sharing a full kitchen with one another are the Tropical Bird and Romance Rooms.  These two rooms are well situated to rent individually or together as a suite which can accommodate up to 8 guests. The Flats are where you’ll find the office and our 3 luxury suites.  Essentially small, one-bedroom apartments, each has a bedroom with a king-size bed, full kitchen, washer & dryer, large flat screen TV, and fold out sofa-bed.  Flat 2 is downstairs and is our other pet-friendly room.  Flats 3 and 4 are upstairs and each have a private balcony. If you are looking for a great place to host your wedding, reception, brunch, rehearsal dinner or other special occasion, our unique garden-style event venue, the Backyard of Love, will accommodate a gathering of up to 75 guests. Relax in the courtyard overlooking the garden, find a comfy table for breakfast, or sit back in one of the Adirondacks to read a good book. We are located in beautiful Grayton Beach where kicking back is a requirement. .content Rooms Specials Hibiscus Café FAQ Local Info Event Hosting Be Words Contact Terms & Conditions Featured Rooms Hibiscus Room One of our more spacious rooms, the Hibiscus Room has a king-size bed and a roll-away cot which can accommodate a third guest. View Details Magnolia Room The Magnolia Room, on the second floor has a queen-size bed and a shower but no tub. This is our "coziest" room, giving perhaps, the quaint feel of staying at Grandma's house for the holidays. View Details Turner Room The Turner Room has a queen-size bed and is just off the screened-in deck upstairs and overlooks the cafe courtyard. View Details Art Deco The Art Deco Room has a king-size bed and a roll-away cot. It will accommodate three guests and is one of our three pet friendly accomodations. View Details Woodpecker Cottage The Woodpecker Cottage has a queen-size bed and a small living area that provides a nice view of the garden. View Details Romance Room The Romance Room, has a king-size bed and a separate living area with sleeper-sofa. It can accommodate up to 4 guests and shares a full kitchen with the Tropical Bird room. View Details Tropical Bird Room The Tropical Bird, has a king-size bed and a separate living area with sleeper-sofa. It can accommodate up to 4 guests and shares a full kitchen with the Romance Room room. View Details Funky Bird Room The Funky Bird Room has a queen-size bed and can sleep 2 guests. It has a small kitchenette and is one of our 3 pet friendly accommodations. View Details Old Florida Room The Old Florida room has a queen-size bed and can sleep 2 guests. It includes a small kitchenette. View Details Big Easy The Big Easy Room is fully handicap accessible room. With a queen-size bed, it can accommodate 2 guests and has a large bathroom and a big shower to accommodate our guests who use a wheel-chair. View Details Flat Two Flat Two is a first floor, one bedroom apartment with a king-size bed, and a sleeper sofa. It will accommodate 4 guests. It is one of our 3 pet-friendly accommodations. View Details Flat Three Flat Three is an one bedroom apartment with king-size bed, and a sleeper sofa in the living room. It will accommodate 4 guests. View Details Flat Four Flat Four is an one bedroom apartment with a king-size bed in the bedroom and a sleeper sofa in the living room. It will accommodate 4 guests. View Details TRIP ADVISOR WIDGET BEDANDBREAKFAST WIDGET Reviews for Hibiscus Coffee & Guesthouse on BedandBreakfast.com end ASIDE CYSY Framework 3 Copyright(c)2012-2013 - CYber SYtes, Inc. All Rights Reserved .main Rooms Specials Hibiscus Café FAQ Local Info Event Hosting Be Words Contact Terms & Conditions © Copyright 1998-2018. All Rights Reserved. CYber SYtes, Inc. - Orchestrating the Web ************ This is a decent place to begin creating your own Greatness. Scripts go here people. ************ end of decent place 