Highcliffe Holidays - North Cornwall holiday cottages Google Tag Manager (noscript) End Google Tag Manager (noscript) Cottages 3 Bedroom 4 Bedroom 5 Bedroom Pet Friendly Explore Activities Walks & Beaches Attractions Food & Drink About us Contact +44 (0) 1208 863843 Book Now Check in Number of nights 1 night 2 nights 3 nights 4 nights 5 nights 6 nights 7 nights 2 weeks 3 weeks  Flexible +/- 3 days  3 bed  4 bed  5 bed  Pets Search Property quickview Brindisi Bryher Chough Cowrie Cromarty Fastnet Finistere Gully Jericho Lands End Lundy Manilu Midwicket Nantucket No 2 Ham Field No 4 Ham Field Perros Poppies Ross Samphire Samson Scarlett Sea Breeze Seaward Stanton Streatfeild Tresco Windward The perfect break, all year round View our cottages Check in Number of nights 1 night 2 nights 3 nights 4 nights 5 nights 6 nights 7 nights 2 weeks 3 weeks Flexible +/- 3 days 3 bed 4 bed 5 bed Pets Search Property quickview Brindisi Bryher Chough Cowrie Cromarty Fastnet Finistere Gully Jericho Lands End Lundy Manilu Midwicket Nantucket No 2 Ham Field No 4 Ham Field Perros Poppies Ross Samphire Samson Scarlett Sea Breeze Seaward Stanton Streatfeild Tresco Windward Cottages on the Cornish coast Highcliffe is a collection of self-catering holidays nestled between Polzeath and Daymer Bay on Cornwall’s stunning north coast. Our cottages are the perfect base to explore this unique and beautiful haven all year round – think sun, sea and surf in the summer and brisk walks on deserted beaches in the winter, with cream teas or hot toddies in front of a log-burning stove. 2020 CALENDAR be open in the autumn please do like our Facebook page as we will announce when our booking calendar is open Designed with you in mind Relax and unwind with your family and friends in these light and airy living areas. Each cottage has an outside shower, a private terrace and enjoys the use of our two tennis courts. A real fire is always to hand with our complementary basket of logs to welcome you. View our cottages Leave the salt and sand outside under your own hot outdoor shower. View our cottages Spectacular sunsets captured from both Ham Field and Highcliffe View our cottages We have two tennis courts exclusive to Highcliffe – just ask for the gate code at reception. Check out activities Many of our cottages are pet friendly so you can bring your family friend too! View pet-friendly cottages Your own oasis with spacious grounds, private terraces and luscious greenery. View our cottages Explore north Cornwall From coastal walks and surf schools to Michelin-starred restaurants, take a look at our suggestions for things to do in north Cornwall. Activities Activities Whether you want an exciting seaside adventure or a leisurely bike ride with the family, north Cornwall has plenty to offer. View Walks & Beaches Walks & Beaches Our coastline is blessed with some of the most beautiful cliffs and beaches in the British Isles, great for summer swimming and winter walks. View Attractions Attractions Discover The Lost Gardens of Heligan, watch a play on the cliffs of Porthcurno or explore the Cornish rainforest at the Eden Project. View Food & Drink Food & Drink With outstanding local breweries, Camel Valley wines and numerous restaurants run by world-renowned chefs, north Cornwall is a haven for food and drink lovers. View Activities Activities Whether you want an exciting seaside adventure or a leisurely bike ride with the family, north Cornwall has plenty to offer. View Walks & Beaches Walks & Beaches Our coastline is blessed with some of the most beautiful cliffs and beaches in the British Isles, great for summer swimming and winter walks. View Attractions Attractions Discover The Lost Gardens of Heligan, watch a play on the cliffs of Porthcurno or explore the Cornish rainforest at the Eden Project. View Food & Drink Food & Drink With outstanding local breweries, Camel Valley wines and numerous restaurants run by world-renowned chefs, north Cornwall is a haven for food and drink lovers. View What others say These houses are homely, we could not have wished for anything more, perfectly suited for our requirements – for the dogs and a toddler! Paul from Nottingham My wife and I were impressed by the cleanliness and cosiness of the cottage. Coming out of season meant quiet beaches and less crowds and we could walk our spaniel on Polzeath Beach. Great long weekend, thank you. John from Plymouth Booking two adjoining cottages worked perfectly for us. We were two families who enjoy holidaying together as our children are great friends and this was the ideal solution. The tennis courts were an added bonus! Emma from Hampshire The Highcliffe community #highcliffecornwall @highcliffecornwall Follow us Sign up for news & offers Subscribe Contact +44 (0) 1208 863843 hello@highcliffecornwall.co.uk Highcliffe, Francis Lane, Trebetherick, Cornwall, PL27 6TS Our cottages 3 bedroom 4 bedroom Pet friendly Explore Activities Walks & Beaches Attractions Food & Drink Useful info Property Map Terms & conditions Stay in touch Copyright © 2019 Highcliffe Agency Ltd All Rights Reserved. Design by Bonnie. Built by Nixon. Explore Activities Walks & Beaches Attractions Food & Drink Cottages 3 Bedroom 4 Bedroom 5 Bedroom Pet Friendly About us Contact Stay in touch +44 (0) 1208 863843 hello@highcliffecornwall.co.uk Highcliffe, Francis Lane, Trebetherick, Cornwall, PL27 6TS 