Stirling B&B in Scotland close to Stirling Castle & William Wallace monument with Edinburgh Glasgow and the Trossachs only a short drive away Translate this page Microsoft® Translator         . ..... ....      ii x Contact Jon directly for the best prices for two nights or more Nous Parlons Francais Welcome to Hillview Cottage Hillview Cottage is a traditional Scottish guest house in an exclusive rural location. It is bounded by woodland and fields, with uninterrupted views across to the Gargunnock Hills. Built in the 1700s, Hillview Cottage provides a warm, friendly and interesting environment in which to relax and reflect on your day's travels. We have two lounges, one with a wide screen digital tv, the other with a wood burning stove hand made by the Dowling Brothers of Newton Stewart. With comfort in mind, all beds are orthopaedic, and no two guest bedrooms have adjoining walls. All the rooms have tea,coffee, biscuits, remote colour tv, central heating and ensuites shower or bathrooms. Hillview cottage is ideally located for access to central Scotland, being only 7 minutes drive from the M9 motorway, and then only 35 minutes from both Glasgow and Edinburgh. We are uniquely placed for a touring holiday of Scotland. Stirling, with its castle and the William Wallace monument are only ten minutes drive.The Trossachs, with some of the most beautiful scenery in Scotland are only twenty minutes journey. We have ample  secure parking at the front of the house. We are a 3* B&B and our lower charges reflect this. We are not a museum or art gallery nor do we offer 7* service at 1* prices, but do guarantee comfortable friendly great value accommodation in a family home with loads of ecclectic interesting things around. Excellent service is tailored to individual needs. Should you have any questions or requests, please do not hesitate to discuss these with Jon when making your booking. We are an ideal stop for Abro Stirling, Prudential, and BP Grangemouth. FK9 4UE FK3 9XQ FK7 7RR All rooms ensuite with central heating and hospitality tray Our prices for B&B in 2011 are £29.00 per person (two sharing) including a full cooked breakfast or fresh fruit and croissants. The prices here are our discounted cash prices for bookings made directly with us by phone or email . We are now also able to accept instant online bookings by clicking here Check Availability (booking agent fees apply ) We are always happy to make reductions for group bookings of 2 or more nights or room stays of five nights or more. Reductions for family rooms also. ( Best prices by direct contact ) Hillview Cottage now has WiFi and Skype installed, and you may call us FREE if you have Skype. Our ID is stirlingbandb . I can give information on no hassle car hire from £23.00 per day for a new car. This price is free of all other extras. Loch Lubnaig S K Y P E NOW AT HILLVIEW COTTAGE CALL US FREE ! Skype ID: jdarby1 E-Mail website @Hillview-Cottage.com Tel:  44 (0)1786 841 679 Fax: 44 (0)1314738217 KIRK LANE Blairdrummond STIRLING FK9 4AN Stirling Castle The Highland Cow Main Lounge Wood- Land Double Hillview Double   Stirling, B&B, B&B Stirling, Hillview Cottage, Stirling Scotland, Hill View Cottage, accommodation stirling, Stirling accommodation, bed and breakfast Scotland, hotels,travel to stirling,Stirling B&B,Scottish hotels,lodging Stirling, b and b Scotland, b&b Scotland, Scottish Tourist Board, STB, Scottish Tourism, Tourist Board Scotland, Scottish B&B, accommodation Scotland, guest house Scotland, innsinburgh, Glasgow, Sco t GOOGLE MAP LINK , Scottish accommodations, GET DIRECTIONS TO HILLVIEW COTTAGE e, Braveheart country, hills, m ountains, golf, fishing, whisky, honeymoonurgh B&B, acommodation, accommadation, comp-u-build,HCE, Skype, WIFI, Abro Stirling, Prudential, and BP Grangemouth. FK9 4UE FK3 9XQ FK7 7RR   Doune D'ston Page Two Booking Policies Local Map UKHOTELNET Paris Self Catering               NeoWORX visitor tracker ... DO NOT DELETE if you are using a NeoWORX tool NeoWORX visitor tracker ... DO NOT DELETE if you are using a NeoWORX tool Accommodation 