 Hiroshima Hostel Near Hiroshima Station & Mazda Stadium | Hiroshima Hana Hostel Location Gallery Room Staff 日本語 -wrapper- -wrapper- -reserve cancel- Takes half an hour to Miyajimaguchi Sta. by JR train I'll reserve! I'll cancel.. -reserve cancel- -welcome- Hiroshima Hostel Near Hiroshima Station & Mazda Stadium Hiroshima Hana Hostel Yo-kinsatta A bathroom or a toilet/washstand is attached to every private room. You can also watch TV in private rooms. Needless to say, every room is air-conditioned. Japanese style twin traditional Japanese style tatami room or a familiar western style bedroom is selective. Hana Hostel offers comfort like a ryokan or a hotel. Facility Cancellation Policy We will require 2 days advance notice before the date of your arrival. Please read Terms&Conditions before making a reservation. We may require additional conditions for reservations with lots of guests and reservations with large number of nights. -welcome- -location- Contact Postal Code: 7320807 Address: 1-15 Kojin-machi, Minami-ku, Hiroshima-shi, Hiroshima Reception Hours: 8:00-14:00, 15:00-22:00 (Staff resident all time.) Check in: 15:00-22:00 Check out: 8:00-11:00 Phone: +81822632980 (overseas) / 082-263-2980 (domestic) hiroshima@hanahostel.com Access 5 minute walk from JR Hiroshima station View Google Map Get Access Map Get Neighborhood Map Review -location- -gallery- Gallery   -gallery- -rooms- Room 4-Bed Female Dormitory Room 4-Bed Mixed Dormitory Room Japanese-Style Twin Room with Toilet Japanese-Style Twin Room with Private Bathroom Japanese-Style Double Room with Private Bathroom Twin Room with Private Bathroom Double Room with Private Bathroom Japanese-Style Room with Private Bathroom Japanese-Style Room with 2 Loft Beds and Toilet From: 2300JPY~ / Sleeps: 1 ~ 1 person - There is a bathroom in the room. - Bed curtain, reading light, plug outlet and towel hanger equipped each bed. - Free Wifi internet access available. - A/C and exhaust fan are equipped. *Children under 12 years of age are not allowed to stay in this room. Click the image to enlarge. From: 2300JPY~ / Sleeps: 1 ~ 1 person - There is no bathroom in the room. Please use the communal facilities. - Bed curtain, reading light, plug outlet and towel hanger in each bed. - Free Wifi internet access available. - A/C and exhaust fan are equipped. *Children under 12 years of age are not allowed to stay in this room. Click the image to enlarge. From: 6200JPY~ / Sleeps: 1 ~ 2 person - There is a lavatory and toilet in the room. Please use the communal shower room. - Japanese style room with two single-size futon bedding. - WiFi and A/C are equipped. * In case sharing a bed, please select one of these options the comment box of booking page. Option A: 2 adults 1 child Option B: 1 adult 2 children Click the image to enlarge, please. From: 6600JPY~ / Sleeps: 1 ~ 2 person - There is a bathroom in the room (with bath towel). - Japanese style room with two single-size futon bedding. - WiFi and A/C are equipped. * In case sharing a bed, please select one of these options the comment box of booking page. Option A: 2 adults 1 child Option B: 1 adult 2 children Click the image to enlarge, please. From: 6600JPY~ / Sleeps: 1 ~ 2 person - There is a bathroom in the room (with bath towel). - Japanese style room with one double-size futon bedding. - WiFi and A/C are equipped. * In case sharing a bed, please select one of these options the comment box of booking page. Option A: 2 adults 1 child Option B: 1 adult 2 children Click the image to enlarge, please. From: 6600JPY~ / Sleeps: 1 ~ 2 person - There is a bathroom in the room (with bath towel). - Western style room with two single-size beds. - WiFi and A/C are equipped. * In case sharing a bed, please select one of these options the comment box of booking page. Option A: 2 adults 1 child Option B: 1 adult 2 children Click the image to enlarge, please. From: 6600JPY~ / Sleeps: 1 ~ 2 person - There is a bathroom in the room (with bath towel). - Western style room with one double-size bed. - WiFi and A/C are equipped. * In case sharing a bed, please select one of these options the comment box of booking page. Option A: 2 adults 1 child Option B: 1 adult 2 children Click the image to enlarge, please. From: 10200JPY~ / Sleeps: 2 ~ 3 person - There is a bathroom in the room (with bath towel). - Japanese style room with three single-size futon bedding. - WiFi and A/C are equipped. * In case sharing a bed, please select one of these options the comment box of booking page. Option A: 3 adults 1 child Option B: 2 adults 2 children Option C: 1 adult 3 children Click the image to enlarge, please. From: 11600JPY~ / Sleeps: 3 ~ 4 person - There is a lavatory and toilet in the room. Please use the communal shower room. - There are two bunk beds in the room. - WiFi and A/C are equipped. * In case sharing a bed, please select one of these options the comment box of booking page. Option A: 4 adults 1 child Option B: 3 adult 2 children Option C: 2 adults 3 child Option D: 1 adult 4 children Click the image to enlarge, please. -room -staff- Staff Coco Hometown: Hiroshima Language: Japanese, English I like: gym, movies Ena Hometown: Hiroshima Language: Japanese, English I like: 看棒球，柴犬，旅遊，無花果，烤鹽鯖魚 Yuto Hometown: Hiroshima Language: Japanese, English I like: softball, Okonomiyaki, going for a walk with reggae music　 -staff- -sns- Social -sns- -blog- start feedwind code end feedwind code -blog- Back to Top footer J-Hoppers Hida Takayama Lake Biwa Kyoto Kumano Yunomine Osaka Osaka Universal Hiroshima Hana Hostel Kyoto Osaka Hiroshima Fukuoka More Gion Ryokan Q-beh J-Stay hana SAKE bar J-Hop Tour Group Site J-Hoppers Hana Hostel About Us Staff Blog Staff Wanted Privacy Policy | Cookie Policy © 2002 J-Hoppers LTD. footer Plug-in Initialisation 