Gulls Nest - Luxury Holiday Cottage in Mousehole Self Catering Accommodation Mousehole Navigation Home The Cottage About Mousehole Availability/Prices Visitor Experiences Directions end #search-form end #additional-info end #header About Mousehole Described once as the ‘loveliest village in England’ by poet, Dylan Thomas, Mousehole in Cornwall is a stunning example of old world charm by the sea. Today, this gorgeous and historic village is bursting at the seams with character. Beautiful old fisherman’s cottages made from locally sourced Lamorna Granite adorn the harbour and add to the historical ambience and... Read More end .featured-description end .slide Visitor Experiences We have been blessed with some truly fantastic reviews from guests who honestly didn’t want to leave! Find out what other people enjoyed below. “Our week long stay went by so quickly. The cottage was lovely, warm, clean and very comfortable. We enjoyed walking the coastal path from Mousehole to Lamorna Cove. Beautiful scenery.” Claire and Paul – York... Read More end .featured-description end .slide Reasons to choose Gull’s Nest Do you just want to relax in a quaint and interesting village by the sea? Enjoy luxury features of Gull’s Nest, a holiday cottage in Mousehole. Read more to find out the secrets of the beautiful little... Read More end .featured-description end .slide end ul.slides" end #featured end .flex-container" Gull’s Nest Holiday Cottage end .thumb Gull’s Nest is a luxury holiday cottage in Mousehole , Cornwall. Situated in the heart of Mousehole and only 50 meters away from the sea. Finished to luxury standard with enormous helpings of character. Gull’s Nest is able to sleep up to 5 guests over two bedrooms. end .service Visitor Experiences end .thumb We have been blessed with some truly fantastic reviews from guests who honestly didn’t want to leave! Find out what other people enjoyed below. “Our week long stay went by so quickly. The cottage was lovely, warm, clean and very comfortable. We enjoyed end .service About Mousehole end .thumb Described once as the ‘loveliest village in England’ by poet, Dylan Thomas, Mousehole in Cornwall is a stunning example of old world charm by the sea. Today, this gorgeous and historic village is bursting at the seams with character. end .service end #services end .main-widget end #from-blog end #content-area Gull’s Nest 36 Duck Street Mousehole Cornwall TR19 6QW 07725 106 716 end .footer-widget About Gull’s Nest Gull's Nest is a dog friendly, self catering, luxury holiday cottage in Mousehole, Cornwall offering accommodation for up to 5 people. end .footer-widget Articles Dog Friendly Holiday Cottages in Cornwall end .footer-widget Mousehole Fame Mousehole's qualities have become more renowned in recent years, featuring on BBC's Country File and being a highly sought after location in many travel magazines and newspapers. end .footer-widget Bookings To book Gull's Nest - Holiday Cottage in Mousehole, please visit the availability/bookings page or call Barbara on 07725 106 716. end .footer-widget end #footer-widgets Designed by Elegant WordPress Themes | Powered by WordPress end #footer-content end #footer end #container Starting Icon Display Code For Social Media Icon From Acurax International www.acurax.com Ending Icon Display Code For Social Media Icon From Acurax International www.acurax.com Starting Javascript For Social Media Icon From Acurax International www.acurax.com Ending Javascript Code For Social Media Icon From Acurax International www.acurax.com 