Holiday Cottage in Staithes Yorkshire Coast | Lovely cottage in Staithes. Sleeps 2 to 6 (+cot) Holiday Cottage in Staithes Yorkshire Coast Lovely cottage in Staithes. Sleeps 2 to 6 (+cot) #site-title Menu Skip to content Home Beaumont House Photos Attractions Prices Late Offers Availability Days Out Contact Links Old Jack’s Boat #masthead .site-header Home .entry-header Staithes Holiday Cottage:  Beaumont House Holiday Cottage in Staithes – Beaumont House Step back in time for a relaxing break in the beautiful old fishing village of Staithes on the Yorkshire coast.  Explore Staithes’ cobbled streets and winding alleyways, the beach, the museum, the art gallery, the excellent pubs and cafes. Perfect centrally-heated, 3 bedroom self-catering  cottage for a family seaside holiday, a romantic break, or a lovely base for a walking holiday in the North York Moors National Park.and the Cleveland Way. Sleeps 2 to 6 (+ cot) in comfortable, well-equipped self-catering accommodation Family-friendly cottage in the beautiful ancient fishing village of Staithes Very good value rates for weekly holiday lets or short breaks from two nights upwards. Late availability deals. Inclusive prices , including all logs, fuel, utilities, bedlinen and houselinen Free WIFI, flat screen TVs, DVD, VCR, CD player , I-pod port, small library Central heating Woodburning/Multifuel Stove Washing machine, dishwasher, fridge, freezer Centre of Staithes village: close to beach, shops, pubs, cafes, art gallery, museum Grade II listed seaside cottage. Oak beams and period features  Last minute Staithes breaks available.    Staithes is the location for CBeebies children’s TV programmes, Old Jack’s Boat and Rockpool Tales “Had a lovely time – fantastic cottage and location, what a great place …..have told our family and friends who will be in touch with you for a stay very soon ….will be in touch our selves for another stay…thank you very much for the wine and having the heating on ….J.S. January 2014.”   Summer 2015 in Staithes For further information, click on the tabs above to see our Photos , Accommodation , Staithes Attractions ,   Prices , Availability , Late Offers and Contact pages.  Or contact us Tel: 07538083592 / 019015192257  Email: rjlmanage@yahoo.co.uk Lovely oak beamed kitchen Log burning and multifuel stove         Holiday Cottage for 6 Yorkshire Cottages Holiday Cottage Yorkshire Cottages Staithes Holiday Cottage Cottage in Staithes Self-Catering Staithes Short Breaks Last Minute Staithes Budget Holiday Cottage Staithes Half Term Accommodation in Staithes Family Friendly Cottage in Staithes Late Availability Cottages Yorkshire Advertisements .entry-content #post-## #comments .comments-area #content #primary .site-content #main Blog at WordPress.com. .site-info #colophon .site-footer #page-liner #page .hfeed .site Post to Cancel Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here: Cookie Policy 