Welcome - New Cottage New Cottage Feel at home, away from home logo Menu toggle Welcome Features Availability Plan your stay Contact nav header-inner header A delightful cottage in a peaceful location Relax and unwind A gateway to the beautiful Durham Dales Country walks and sightseeing Magnificent views, wildlife & wild flowers Book Now Come and experience the tranquility of the Durham Dales New Cottage at Hollymoor Farm is situated in an area of outstanding natural beauty with magnificent views, lots of bird life and wild flowers. New Cottage is on a working farm in County Durham, on the borders of the beautiful Durham Dales, Teesdale and Weardale. With its elevated position it is surrounded by beautiful views. The panoramic views from the lounge are a never-ending source of delight – they are stunning. The sunsets are truly magnificent. Why not retreat to the tranquility of this very cosy 4 Star accommodation, which is all on one level. The beautiful and impressive views are first class.   Cottage Features Availability Things to do services-wrap container Welcome New Cottage is a gateway to the beautiful dales plus… New Cottage Courtyard Wildflowers Garden Flowers Country Walks Snowy Tree at New Cottage in Winter Magnificant Sunsets at New Cottage Gallery by Supsystic plugin 1.13.1 Set amidst rolling countryside, enjoy the peace and tranquillity in this very cosy and comfortable cottage situated on a working farm and has been described as a delightful little cottage in a very peaceful location. “The panoramic views from the lounge are a never-ending source of delight – they are stunning, and made even more beautiful in the winter when there is a light dusting of snow” The cottage is accessible for country walks and sightseeing , and being able to start walks from the cottage is a real bonus sunsets are truly magnificent and very romantic. Within the comfort of the cottage you can see a wide variety of wildlife right at your doorstep. Birds seen from the cottage without intensive viewing are Blackbird, Dunnock, Swallows, Jackdaws, Linnet, Sparrows, Wren, Curlew, Pheasant, Tits – both blue and great, Magpies. Discover award-winning attractions and enjoy world-class exhibitions, festivals and events Raby Castle Shildon Railway Museum Auckland Castle Hamsterly Forest Beamish Live Museum Gallery by Supsystic plugin 1.13.1 The county is home to many more treasures too; step back in time at fascinating heritage attractions , such as Beamish . Seek out hidden gems in our local market towns and villages. Relax and enjoy peace and tranquillity, or get outdoors with cycling routes – bring your own bike or hire one at Hamsterley Forest. Don’t miss fantastic events across the county, including fascinating exhibitions at Bowes Museum and the unmissable Kynren – an epic tale of England, which opens in Bishop Auckland in July. Stay with us at New Cottage and you will just round the corner from where the new epic TV series Victoria was filmed at Raby Castle . The picture featured below is Jenna Coleman as Victoria and Tom Hughes as Prince Albert in the grounds of Raby Castle. Read more about the filming from the Teesdale Mercury . Kynren Bowes Museum Raby Castle doubles as palace in £10m TV epic Victoria Gallery by Supsystic plugin 1.13.1 Food & Drink When it’s time to refuel you’ll be spoilt for choice with award-winning eateries and delicious local produce. Toronto Lodge, Bishop Auckland The Bay Horse, Hurworth The Crown at Mickleton The Fox Hole, Piercebridge Fifteas, Bishop Auckland Gallery by Supsystic plugin 1.13.1 Further afield… We are ideally located for trips to Newcastle where you can visit the Baltic Centre , which is the Centre for Contemporary Art, and the Hancock Museum , Durham City and the coast. Hancock Museum, Newcastle Durham Catherdral Sage, Gateshead Baltic, Gateshead Angel of the North Gallery by Supsystic plugin 1.13.1   We look forward to welcoming you to New Cottage for a holiday or short break.   Book Now entry-content section News & Events Raby Castle doubles as palace in £10m TV epic Victoria Kynren – Open-Air Live Action Night Show New & Shiny Availability Please Note: Arrival 3pm - Departure 10am (unless re-arranged via mutual agreement.) Prices To stay at New Cottage it is £45 per night, a full 7 night stay is discounted to £280. If booking more than 7 nights please get in touch regarding discounts. Deposit The full amount of £45 for 1 night or £90 for 2 nights is required when booking our self catering accommodation or £100 deposit for a longer period. All bookings must be confirmed in writing via post or email with the necessary deposit within 10 days. The deposit can be paid by cheque or bank transfer. Please see our terms and conditions for more info. sidebar .page_content .container Links Latest News Raby Castle doubles as palace in £10m TV epic Victoria Kynren – Open-Air Live Action Night Show New & Shiny Follow Us Contact Info New Cottage, Hollymoor Farm, Bishop Auckland, County Durham, DL13 5HF Phone: +44 (0) 1388 718 567 Email: info@hollymoorfarm.co.uk end .widget-column-4 end .container © Copyright 2016 New Cottage Hollymoor Farm. All rights reserved Website Build by Bee Joy Graphics 