babyhotel.at | Europas 1. Baby und Kinderhotel Toggle navigation Babyhotel The Hotel Welcome! Summer Highlights Winter Highlights News Panoramic images Directions Livecams Babies Baby care Crawling Room Babymenu Ayurveda Baby Massage Baby-Water-World Freds Swim Academy Kids&Teens Childcare Kids workshop Pirate's Land Kid's Farm Smileyplexx Teens Hocus Pocus - Magic School 100m water slide Freds Swim Academy Parents Why spend your vacation here with us? Winter at the Babyhotel “Windel” ski school Summer at the Babyhotel Waterworld Family lido “Meixner” Culinary Delights Evening entertainment Sports & Fitness Hubsi-Hu Region Winter activities for families Family activities in the summer Hiking specials Golfing without the little ones Wellness Simply relax Prices&Rooms Winter Prices Winter Packages Last-Minute Summer Prices Summer Packages Request Request / Booking Online-Booking Booking conditions Contact Arrival Partnerlinks Guestbook Videos Hotel & Region Panoramic images Holidaycheck cooperation TYPO3SEARCH_begin Really welcome with the little ones. We are looking forward to you! Your Windelwirt Siggi with Family, Crew & Hubsi-Hu   We have long been out of diapers - but of course, only in the figurative sense: 30 years of experience gives us the confidence to know what families and their children want on holiday. Many have water slides. But with 100 metres, not only is ours extra long but it is also winding and brightly lit – just like the main river of our valley – the Lieser. You enter from inside and slide down a closed tube. You can also have fun sliding in winter or when the weather is bad. Care from the 7th day of life. This is no publicity stunt. It really is true. The baby hotel pioneers Andreas Neuschitzer and Siegfried Neuschitzer Sr. were even in the "Bild" newspaper. Today, our nanny Karin and her team can build on 30 years of experience and delight children and parents. Even daily if you want. And throughout the day. Or over lunch. Whether babies, toddlers, school-aged children, or teens. Endless play. That's our motto. We have built a three-storey Pirate Land for climbing, sliding and hiding. That's why we have our own gym along with a climbing wall. In our new indoor play land, designed by the game professionals Wehrfritz, Haba and Jako-O, children find everything that they want. Our own Lego construction site facilitates creation. In a mini-hotel, children can cook and wash up. We wish to stimulate the senses of very young children in a crawl area, a comforting room and with countless sensory toys. Slide 01 Many have water slides. Slide 02 Care from the 7th day of life. Slide 03 Endless play. Previous Next Have common experiences that will long be remembered. Hanging around - without having to cook. Doing sports – without having to organise anything. Eating well. Drinking well – we know good bottles, and our partner Hipp does as well. Relax. Enjoy nature. Or just talk without being disturbed. Because parents have earned a perfect vacation, we offer baby and childcare from the 7th day of life. By the way: We are proud to be the first baby and children's hotel in Europe – tested, used and loved by 30 000 families. We - that is Nina and Siggi Neuschitzer, mascot Hubsi Hu, and 50 good spirits of the house.   Shortcuts to popular pages: > Last-minute offers > Arrival information > Hubsi Hu > Virtual tour > Livecams > Family packages       Hubsi-Hu's Packages Click here for the winter packages: Winter Packages     TYPO3SEARCH_end EUROPAS ERSTES BABY&KINDERHOTEL® Bad 1, A-9852 Trebesing (Kärnten/Österreich) Tel +43 (0) 4732 2350 / FAX: +43/4732/2350-415 | office@babyhotel.at DE  |  EN  |  IT  |  RU  |  HR  |  SL  |  CS  |  HU  |  ZH 