Hopewell Lodge NZ | Marlborough Sounds Accommodation Hopewell Lodge Menu Home Accommodations King or Twin Ensuite Room Cottage Family Room / Triple Room King Room King or Twin Room Four Bed Bunk Room Activities Info General Overview Rates Facilities Location Getting Here Recipes Blog Links About About Us Meet Mike and Lynley Awards Frequently Asked Questions News Reviews Gallery Contact Contact Us Location Getting Here Book Now Marlborough Sounds Accommodation Book Your Stay Now! Watch Our Video See Our Accommodations View Our Activities Check Out Our Awards Welcome to Hopewell Welcome to Hopewell, an award winning lodge set on a superb, natural coastline on the water’s edge of the Kenepuru Sound, within the magnificent Marlborough Sounds, on the northern tip of South Island, New Zealand. Surrounded by native forest and turquoise waters, Hopewell represents the perfect retreat. Our Marlborough Sounds accommodation offers a variety of  fun activities for everyone as well as secluded spots for relaxation. Explore the Kenepuru Sound by kayak, fishing boat, paddle board or sail boat. Laze on our secluded beach, hang in a hammock, have a massage, meditate through yoga, walk or bike the trails, collect your own fresh shellfish straight from the bay, or visit our resident glow worms. It’s a little piece of heaven…and we can’t wait to share it with you! ~ Mike and Lynley Our Activities Bush Walks Backpackers, photographers and naturalists, right on our doorstep are several great rain forest walks that take in scenic reserves with fine specimens of native trees and birds. Take the Hopewell Loop Track to the 300m contour for outstanding views of the sounds or enjoy a days walk on the Queen Charlotte Track. Learn More Kayaks Paddle around or grab a picnic lunch and explore some of the safe and secluded bays of these sheltered waters. We have several quality single kayaks and two-seater kayaks available for a small fee. If you’re sea kayaking the Sounds, Hopewell is a great stopover for the night – come join us, the food is exceptional and the hospitality very friendly! Learn More Much, Much More Rain or shine, there’s variety of things to do, whilst making new friends. Experience a unique golf course with unbelievable views. Try fishing for the famous red snapper. Have fun collecting delicious oysters and sample the freshly steamed mussels, a veritable feast prepared by your hosts. Mountain bike into the Pelorus Sound. Soak in the hot outdoor spa under the southern night sky. Sail the sounds in a magnificent yacht. Try a soothing massage. Visit the resident glow-worms. Relax in the hammocks in the native bush.    Yes, there are board games…but never bored games! Learn More Our Accommodations Our Rooms King or Twin Ensuite Room Cottage Family Room / Triple Room King or Twin Room King Room Four Bed Bunk Room $165 /Night $265 /Night $160 /Night $125 /Night $125 /Night $100 for 2 People /Night Occupants 2 4 3 - 4 2 2 2 - 4 Rooms 1 Room 2 Rooms 1 Room 1 Room 1 Room 1 Room Beds 1 or 2 3 3 1 or 2 1 4 Sea View Balcony Extra Cost Portacot Hire $10 per night Portacot hire $10 per night Room rate is reduced to $140 a night when only 3 guests are staying. Portacot Hire $10 per night No extra occupants $35 per extra person Book Now! Book Now! Book Now! Book Now! Book Now! Book Now! News Next season is our 20th! 3 months ago By Hopewell Lodge | 0 Recipies Hopewell’s Anzac Biscuit Recipe 4 months ago By Hopewell Lodge | 0 General Hopewell Sweet Rolls 4 months ago By James La Barrie | 0 Recipies Hopewell’s Focaccia Bread 4 months ago By Hopewell Lodge | 0 Contact Details 7204 Kenepuru Rd Kenepuru Sound, Marlborough +64 3 5734341 stay@hopewell.co.nz Site Information Contact Terms of Use Privacy Policy Sitemap Copyright © 2019, Hopewell Lodge, All Rights Reserved. Website Design by Beyond Marketing 7204 Kenepuru Rd • Kenepuru Sound, Marlborough Call Us @ +64 3 5734341 