Hornby Island Studio Bed & Breakfasts THIS is on the HI Server HORNBY ISLAND STUDIO BED & BREAKFAST   The Studio Cottage This bed and breakfast is located on the magical, warm and lovely Hornby Island, - island of seductive sandy beaches, groves of beautiful arbutus trees, two very attractive provincial parks and the most astonishing micro-climates whose diversity is enjoyed by this small old fashioned yet contemporary community and also by our rich bird and animal life. There is a wonderfully eclectic general store here catering to most of your whims - a delicious selection of breads, an extensive organic vegetable section, deli items, liquor outlet etc.,bank machines, etc. The Studio bed and breakfast is located close to Whaling Station Bay and Helliwell Park and just two minutes from Middle Bay We serve mainly organic breakfasts Wireless internet provided   Interior of studio cottage   Suzy and Giff would like to welcome you to the studio b&b. We really love living on this very unique island and are happy to share our home and b&b with you. Due to the open loft in the cottage and the steep stairs ending in a concrete floor for the green room, we have decided that is not safe to host children under twelve. Our b&b is a pet free zone.   The studio cottage is a small independent house attached to the main house by a glass walkway. It sleeps four comfortably, two upstairs in the loft bedroom in a double bed and two downstairs in the new lazy boy sofa bed. The cottage has a wood burning fireplace for the winter months, electric heat, a full bathroom, with small clawfoot bath tub, living and dining areas, a full kitchen and a private patio with BBQ and of course a private entrance. In the main house we have the green room - a gorgeous room with hard wood flooring and lots of curved windows. There is a private bathroom across the corridor from the bedroom. Breakfast is included. Entrance to the B&B The 'Green Room' inside the b&b Inside the studio cottage Loft bedroom in the studio cottage Studio cottage in winter time Come and enjoy .... the studio cottage - high season june 15th to september 15th july and august booked exclusively by the week from saturdays @ $1,120.00 maximum occupancy three people sorry no children because of safety issues breakfast is not served for weekly rentals from june 15th to 30th and from sept. 1st to 15th @ $160 per couple without breakfast and $190 per couple with breakfast. each additional guest $35 per night per person and with breakfast $70 per night per person. minimum two nights the studio cottage low season: the studio cottage low season: september 15th to june 15th $120 nightly without breakfast/$160 with breakfast each additional guest $35 ($70 with breakfast) minimum two nights the green room  high season-  june 15th to september 15th - $99 per couple, breakfast included low season  - september 15th to june 15th - $89 per couple, breakfast included minimum two nights sorry no children due to safety issues. (on parle francais, wir sprechen deutch )  Suzanne La Rose 7085 St. Johns Point Road, Hornby Island BC, V0R 1Z0 tel/fax - 250 335 1115 Email: suzylarose@gmail.com (The best way to contact us is through .) 