San Juan del Sur Hotel, Nicaragua - Hotel in San Juan del Sur, Nicaragua - Hotel Colonial in Nicaragua San Juan del Sur Hotel, Nicaragua Home Rooms Rates Reservations Services Seminars Surfing San Juan del Sur Project support Pictures Contact us Skip to content     SPOTLIGHT Lonely Planet about Hotel Colonial San Juan del Sur, Top End: Hotel Colonial This plush spot is a surfing fave, despite smallish rooms, which are elegantly attired in Spanish antiques and outfitted with all modern amenities. Development support The proprietors provide 90% of the dividends to SofoNic , a three decade Nicaraguan civil society organization involved in a multitude of long-term programs, from affordable housing to reforestation. Read more... Perfect location Hotel Colonial , located only one block away from the beautiful beache with bars and restaurants. With its splendid garden, it is a real oasis for your vacations. Hotel Colonial is your headquarter for your surf travel, meetings and seminars. SPOTLIGHT MAIN CONTAINER CONTENT Hotel in San Juan del Sur, Nicaragua - Hotel Colonial in Nicaragua Welcome to our Hotel in San Juan del Sur, Nicaragua An Oasis in San Juan del Sur Opened in April 2000, Hotel Colonial combines the nostalgia of past centuries with the new millennium.  The solid brick building with its arches creates a gracious environment within the modern world. A traditional Latino interior garden converts the hotel into an oasis of tranquility in a lively fishing village. The rustic tile roof of the Ranchito del Abuelo creates a nostalgic open air space in the sumptuous garden and the traditional wooden furniture in the rooms continues an ambience between epochs. Nostalgia combines with modern commodities - air conditioning, television, wireless Internet, private baths, complete breakfasts, secure parking facilities... To remind you that you are at the ocean, the mural of San Juan´s beachfront and bay, painted by the well-known humorist, Alfredo Martirena, animates the ambience of the breakfast room... Located just one block from the splendid beach with its charming restaurants and bars, Hotel Colonial is indeed an oasis for vacations, surf expeditions, meetings and seminars. The proprietors contribute 90% of the profits from Hotel Colonial to support social and environmental projects of SofoNic, a civil society organization that began its work three decades ago in San Juan del Sur. span class="row-separator"></span //CONTENT //MAIN CONTAINER You are here: Home Top hotel.colonial @ ibw.com.ni Tel/Fax ++ (505) 256 82539 Nicaragua, Centro América, Playa de San Juan del Sur 