Hotel Faust Hotel Faust Home Rooms Gallery FAQ Policies Private Events Attractions Happenings Book Now Home Rooms Gallery FAQ Policies Private Events Attractions Happenings Book Now Hotel Faust A Historic Stay in Comfort Scroll   A Historic Stay in Comfort Hotel Faust     PEACE. LOVE. COMFORT. Rest, Relax & Revive HISTORY Return to the simple pleasures in the heart of the Hill Country, just 40 minutes from San Antonio.  A cozy bed, the quiet sounds of a small country town, a sip of something with your friends in our gazebo.  It's the Hill Country getaway you know you need. Hotel Faust is a Texas Boutique Hotel. A place to unplug and recharge. If you need assistance during your stay please text/call us @ 830-431-2112. First settled in the mid 1800's, Hotel Faust was designed by the famous architect Alfred Giles.  It started out as The Ingenhuett Hotel, but hey...no one can say or spell Ingenhuett, and so it was renamed Hotel Faust in the early 1900's when the Faust’s became part of the Ingenhuett family.      Comfort's Crown Jewel Hailed as the “crown jewel” of Comfort by the New York Times, Hotel Faust is the upgraded and newly restored 1880's hotel that anchors High Street.  The Treusdell’s have brought new life to this Texas Historic Landmark and added to Comfort’s growing number of sophisticated offerings in this small town setting.  Comfort offers fine dining, excellent wineries, fantastic antiquing and fine spirits.  Hotel Faust is a calming home base for your Texas Hill Country getaway.   Meet The Owners Brian & Diane Treusdell purchased this boutique hotel in June 2015.  Drawn to the beautiful architecture, small town charm and amazing history Brian and Diane, were immediately taken in and knew they wanted to keep the charm alive while continuing to pass along it's amazing history.  Brian, Diane and their staff will always have time to take you on a small tour of the grounds.  It is a must see, as the property dates back to the 1800's.  And, who knows, you may meet a relative, or two, of a rooms namesake or even a ghost.     Hotel Faust, a historic landmark built by noted architect Alfred Giles in 1880. The main building is the original two-story hotel that once welcomed stagecoaches. The property has been extensively renovated, but its deep porches, outfitted with rocking chairs and bikes, provide the same simple pleasures enjoyed a century ago.  - Southern Living       717 High Street, Comfort, Texas   Facebook   Hero Banner Dashboard Location + Social New Gallery   Hotel Faust   