Hotel Parq Central - Hotels in Albuquerque NM - ABQ Hotels Drop Zones TOGGLE Skip to main content Skip to Booking Mask Site Logo Zone Edit Logo Language Switcher App Drag App Here Gallery Rooms & Rates Rooftop Lounge Specials Pets at the Parq The Art of Romance Girl's Night Out Residence Retreat Work at the Parq Libations for $1 More Meetings & Events Request Information Amenities Local Attractions Reviews LeadRate App Drag App Here /* clone button of booking mask app will be here */ Booking Mask App Zone Drag app here Slide Show App Zone Drag Simple Slideshow here Welcome to Hotel Parq Central Explore Our Beautiful Albuquerque Hotel ​ ​ Welcome to Hotel Parq Central Locally owned, beautifully restored and unlike any other hotel in the city, Hotel Parq Central is a luxury boutique steeped in the history of Albuquerque, NM. A historic landmark originally built in 1926, the hotel is framed by beautiful Italian-inspired architecture and a warm, inviting interior featuring sleek stone tiles, hardwood floors, comfy leather chairs and a fireplace.  Our convenient location just one mile from downtown makes us the perfect choice for business and leisure travelers as well as guests seeking an elegant setting for a corporate event or special occasion. As part of the all-inclusive rate with no resort fee, guests enjoy complimentary perks that include Wi-Fi, a rave-worthy gourmet continental breakfast made fresh daily and shuttle service to the airport and anywhere within three miles of the hotel. ​ Our manicured garden and fountain provide a tranquil backdrop for al fresco relaxing, dining or special events. ​The Apothecary rooftop lounge and deck is a vibrant gathering spot with panoramic views of the mountains, downtown city lights and enchanting Southwest sunsets. Choose from among 74 guest rooms and suites, ranging from traditional rooms to luxurious one-bedroom suites to expansive cottages, which feature a cozy fireplace in the master bedroom, a separate living room and a private patio. All classically designed accommodations are pet-friendly and appointed with plush bedding, and flat-screen televisions with cable. ​ Specials Packages Residence Retreat Hotel Parq Central’s Residence is the ideal setting for an escape with your family, closest friends, golf group, wedding party or board members. This package includes a special rate on nine guest rooms in addition to the family room. Rates are determined based on season and length of stay. ​ ​ LEARN MORE BOOK NOW The Art of Romance Valentine’s Day may be only one day, but every day offers the opportunity to fall in love all over again at Hotel Parq Central. Escape with the one you love and practice the Art of Romance in one of our 74 luxurious guest rooms. ​ ​ LEARN MORE BOOK NOW Girls Night Out Package When’s the last time it was just the girls? This package comes with exclusive use of our Powerhouse, which consists of three guest rooms: One (1) One-Bedroom Suite, One (1) Deluxe King Room and One (1) Executive King Room and a bottle of wine and cheese and fruit display provided upon check-in​ LEARN MORE BOOK NOW VIEW ALL SPECIAL OFFERS Featured Accommodations Traditional King Room Measuring 250 square feet, our Traditional King Room features one King bed and accommodates up to two guests. ​ LEARN MORE BOOK NOW Traditional Double Room Measuring 335 square feet, our Executive King Room features one King bed and accommodates up to two guests. ​ ​ LEARN MORE BOOK NOW Deluxe King Room Measuring 515 square feet, our Cottage Suite features a bedroom with one King bed and a fireplace, a separate living room with a sofa bed and a private patio. This suite accommodates up to four guests.   ​ LEARN MORE BOOK NOW VIEW ALL ROOMS Weddings & Events From social celebrations to corporate events, we can accommodate groups of various sizes and needs in our comfortable meeting spaces or outdoor patios. ​Our welcoming and professional staff is happy to assist you in planning your event, organize catering services, book guestrooms and handle all the details so your event is an affair to remember.  LEARN MORE Explore Our Property The beautifully restored Hotel Parq Central is a place of unique charm. Our Mediterranean-inspired exteriors and warm, inviting décor remain faithful to our original 1926 construction as the hospital for employees of the Atchison, Topeka & Santa Fe Railway Company. Please tour our image gallery to learn more about us.  Visit Our Gallery   Contact & Location    /      About Us        /      Marketing Tools      /      Press &  Media   /     Sitemap     Hotel Parq Central ​806 Central Avenue SE​ Albuquerque, NM 87102 United States of America Phone: +1 505-242-0040 info@hotelparqcentral.com Site powered by TravelClick Jump to top of the site Jump to main content Gallery Rooms & Rates Rooftop Lounge Specials Pets at the Parq The Art of Romance Girl's Night Out Residence Retreat Work at the Parq Libations for $1 More Meetings & Events Request Information Amenities Local Attractions Reviews {textp:text global="true"} Invisible App Zone Drag apps start js end js 