Hotel Moderne Geneve qTranslate English Français Deutsch end qTranslate end #additional-info end #header Home Our Hotel Rooms Breakfast Location Links Gallery Contact Book Now Arrival: Departure: Adults: 2 1 3 4 Rooms: 1 2 3 4     Your Reservation end #slides end #featured "So that your stay remains a good memory!" end .category-name close #background Get an extra 5% discount and Late Check-out at 1PM (available only on the check out - made on Saturday and Sunday) in reserving on our website!. The best available rate of the day is always changing according to the occupancy. Like in the airline industry, we offer a dynamic price-range determined by the demand and the remaining capacity in our hotel for the demanded date. Use our web booking engine where you’ll find a guaranteed best price available on the market. Our customers will find prices significantly decreased especially during low seasons and weekends. However, once the rooms at promotional prices are sold out, they are no longer available and higher prices might apply. Guests who book in advance or for longer stays will be the most likely to benefit from these promotional rates. The clients are the winner of this price policy. Don’t forget, the best price available on the market minus 5% discount and the Late Check Out on Saturday and Sunday is only on this Website! end #from-blog end #content-area Hotel Gallery end .footer-widget Guest Feedback I had a pleasant stay in Hotel Moderne, Geneva. It is situated near the Central train station with comfortable rooms and a very friendly front desk. It is a value for money hotel close to all key places. Guest This is hotel is quite nice. The location is great, you can walk to almost everywhere, and walk to the lake side within 5 mins. Guest end .footer-widget Hotel The hotel MODERNE is a 3-star hotel where you will enjoy a very good quality of service in a warm family atmosphere. An Italian and a Japanese restaurant welcome you 7 days per week. Moreover, our staff will be delighted to inform you about the best restaurants in downtown, which are all close to the hotel. end .footer-widget end #footer-widgets © Hotel Moderne 2013. Hôtel Moderne - 1, rue de Berne - CH-1201 Genève - tél: +41(0)22 732 81 00 - fax : +41(0)22 738 26 58 - info@hotelmoderne.ch end #footer-content end #footer-content SCRIPT START Find us on: × Now on whatsapp at +41 78 693 19 27 Find us on Instagram at https://www.instagram.com/modernegeneva/ SCRIPT END end #footer end #container This website uses Linkable Title Html And Php Widget v1.2.4 Wordpress plugin developed by PepLamb (PepLamb.com) 