Hôtel Délos Vaugirard | Paris | Official Website Loading Instagram Instagram Facebook Facebook Linkedin Linkedin Twitter Twitter Google Google Suivant Précédent iOS Android Close cookie Error 404 chargement|trans|capitalize... Acces PMR Accès non PMR Book Close fr en scroll Menu 7 Rue du Général Beuret 75015 Paris +33(1) 56 56 63 90 Home Hotel Rooms Offers Photo Location City guide +33(1) 56 56 63 90 contact@hoteldelosparis.fr The Hotel Délos Vaugirard The  Hotel Délos Vaugirard , lying on the Left Bank of the Seine, in a traditional district of Paris, with buildings of various styles and charming and pleasant squares, invites you to discover the authentic Paris, in a private and warm setting. Ideally located near the district of Montparnasse and its railway station, the Military School, the Invalides, the Exhibition Park at Porte de Versailles and the Eiffel Tower, you will be able to discover a little-known “Paris-village” in the heart of the 15th district. The market on Rue de Convention, open every day, offers an introductory lesson to local French produce and the cafe terraces provide an ideal site for some well-deserved relaxation and a delicious coffee break! Furthermore, whether you are travelling for pleasure or for business, our team will be delighted to offer their assistance during your stay and provide you with some useful tips to help you in the capital. A haven of peace in a family and lively neighborhood Rooms The hotel offers  41 comfortable rooms . Tastefully decorated on 6 floors,  the Hotel Délos rooms  have a bathroom with bath or shower, WC and hairdryer. All are equipped with a freeWi-Fi connexion. In addition, they are all soundproofed. Our hotel has rooms for people with reduced mobility. Classic room Superior room Triple room Connecting rooms Room Business (Single) Classic room Superior room Triple room Connecting rooms Room Business (Single) Services Located between the Eiffel Tower and the Parc des Expositions at Porte de Versailles, in the heart of Paris in the district of Vaugirard, the Hotel Délos Vaugirard Paris welcome you every day and offers Free WiFi. 5 private parking spaces are available upon booking. Very well connected by metro and bus, you can quickly reach all business locations and tourist attractions of the capital. Breakfast + Business Center + Room service + Reception 24h/24 + Our exclusive offers Discover all our offers Romantic offer BB for 2 persons, ½ bottle of champagne in room, upgrade to superior room Book Early Booking -15%, until D-15 Book Holiday Promo BB 2 persons, min 3 nights, only on school holidays Book Subscribe to the newsletter Please enter a valid email address Please validate the captcha Register Your enrollment is registered Contact us +33(1) 56 56 63 90 contact@hoteldelosparis.fr Please enter your surname Please enter a valid email address Please fill in your message Please confirm the captcha Your message has been correctly sent. Book on our website and enjoy our best guaranteed rate Arrival Arrival Departure Departure Promo code Book Follow us #hoteldelosvaugirard Hôtel Délos Vaugirard 7 Rue du Général Beuret 75015 Paris France +33(1) 56 56 63 90 contact@hoteldelosparis.fr Sitemap Change or cancel my booking Legal Notice français english Book Official Site - All Rights Reserved - Hôtel Délos Vaugirard - © 2019 Design & production: Agence WEBCOM 