House Ivela - Accommodation in Croatia, Istria msnavigation mstheme             mstheme msnavigation msnavigation mstheme                                                             mstheme msnavigation mstheme          House Ivela - Accommodation in                      Croatia stone house       Special offer - painting holiday         Location in Croatia, Istria Pariži   mstheme mstheme   mstheme mstheme   mstheme mstheme mstheme mstheme           This is a stone farmhouse with a difference – instead of encountering the usual dark rustic décor upon entering, the owner-artist has painted the interior in his own colorful style - this gives it an inimitable character all its own. Hidden away down a quiet country lane in deepest Central Istria, the peace and privacy one finds here are the other hallmarks of this property. The friendly owners live next door but this does not detract from the sense of complete tranquility, even when enjoying an al fresco meal at the stone table in the garden. 11 kilometers away is the ancient town of Pazin where essential shops, banks and chemists are to be found. These aside, the town’s castle is known as the most beautiful and best preserved medieval fort in Istria and Pazin’s Pit, an abyss 130 meters deep, are but two of this town’s attractions that provide very interesting diversions.     Although this is ‘the heart of Istria’, the sea at Porec is only 30 kilometers away. The garden, unfenced, mainly laid to lawn and surrounded by trees, is furnished and there is also a table and chairs under a large archway for shaded outside dining. Barbecue.     We offer our guests additional Holiday activities  like: outdoor hiking and discovering wild  plants that are used in cooking, seasonal lavender harvesting , and  painting school holidays!     Front door into a charming sitting room with corner sofa. Kitchen/diner equipped with 4 ring electric hob, oven, fridge and stone sink. Air condition. Bathroom, WC etc and washing machine. Up 13 stone steps is the first floor landing off which are two double bedded rooms. The double beds are slightly narrower than normal, in common with Istrian practice.     mstheme msthemelist msthemelist mstheme House Ivela    mstheme msthemelist msthemelist mstheme     Our lavender field photo session mstheme mstheme mstheme mstheme mstheme mstheme     Links: http://www.kroatien-links.de http://www.kroatien-reiseportal.de http://www.accommodation.de http://www.zuccaweb.it http://www.charleshotel.hu http://www.travelsur.net Search Google Kroatien Ferienwohnungen : www.kroatien-adrialin.de   Maxlinks - Directory   Lake District hotels - A choice of five luxury family-owned hotels in the Lake District   Luxury villas and apartments for sale from Find Me A Property in Spain Casa Vacanze - Vacation Rentals Directory Adriatica.net http://www.iha.com - Vacation rentals, guest house, bed and breakfast B&B, self catering accommodation, gite, charming rental and luxury holiday rental book direct with owner                                                                         http://www.kroatien-gastgeber.com   Hotels und Ferienwohnungen in Kroatien mstheme msnavigation msnavigation 