Horseshoe Bay Resort: A Golf & Spa Resort Near Austin, Texas Exclusive Offer: $100 Resort Credit On Us! Vacation your way this summer! Stay two nights this July & August and receive a $100 resort credit towards any amenity - golf, spa, water sports and more. But hurry, you must book by the end of July! BOOK NOW Exclusive Offer: $100 Resort Credit On Us! BOOK NOW Skip To main Content Email Club Location Contact Gallery Membership FAQ Horseshoe Live Gift Cards Call: 877-611-0112 Resort Our Story The Team Awards & Press Real Estate Location Amenities Events Jungle Kids Club Resort Experiences Rooms The Tower Palm Villas The Waters Condo Rentals Private Home Rentals Dining Yacht Club Lantana Cap Rock Cabana Café Del Sol Slick Rock Grill & Bar Market Fresh Bayside Spa & Fitness Whitewater 360 Sports Club Waterfront Bar & Grill Golf Meet The Designer Slick Rock Apple Rock Ram Rock Summit Rock Whitewater Course Golf Packages Camps Golf Academy Meetings Venues Services Meeting Packages Plan Your Event Blog Weddings Venues Services Weddings Packages Plan Your Event Blog Bayside Spa Spa Services Salon Services Spa Packages Health Club Specials Teacher Appreciation Texas Resident Package FAMILY FUN PACKAGE Robert Trent Jones, Sr. Unlimited Golf Package BUY TWO NIGHTS, GET THE THIRD NIGHT FREE KING OF THE LAKE AAA MEMBER RATE Tee it up Golf Package LADIES GETAWAY TENNIS & WINE WEEKEND Bayside Spa And Stay Nearby Events Singles Weekend Beer By the Bay Music Fest Summer Activity Guide Click Here Click Here Explore Welcome To Horseshoe Bay Resort Escape to Texas Hill Country & our Upscale Resort on Lake LBJ Resting along the shores of Lake LBJ, Horseshoe Bay Resort's upscale, lifestyle vacation destination, puts you just a short drive from Austin and San Antonio. The picture-perfect Texas Hill Country scenery inspires you to unwind in modern rooms, suites and villas, many with views of the lake. Taste creative local cuisine at our restaurants, play a round on three championship golf courses and enjoy fun family activities, from boating to tennis. Say "I do" with a romantic lakeside wedding, indulge with a day at our resort spa, or host an intimate celebration in one of our scenic outdoor venues. Here at the Texas Hill Country retreat on the lake, you'll find a lifestyle that's well deserved. Explore for yourself. CLICK HERE TO VIEW 2019 SUMMER ACTIVITY GUIDE CLICK HERE TO VIEW HOURS OF OPERATION CLICK HERE TO VIEW THE BAYSIDE SPA PRICING GUIDE CLICK HERE TO VIEW THE AMENITY PRICING GUIDE Family Activities Family Activities From pools and golf to tennis and a kids club, we provide so many ways to have fun and connect as a family. Learn More Find Your Balance Find Your Balance Relax, refresh and rejuvenate with soothing massage, indulgent body treatments or hair and beauty services at our luxurious lakeside spa. Learn More Jet In & Out Jet In & Out Fly in for fun and enjoy a full-service jet center with hangars, fuel services and transportation at our convenient executive airport. Learn More Homes by the Lake Homes by the Lake Make your move to Hill Country. Find a dream home by the lake or golf course with our realty services. Learn More Visit Wine Country Visit Wine Country Discover one of the country's most spectacular wine destinations when you explore on your own or take one of our private tours. Learn More Tennis Courts Tennis Courts Play on clay, grass or hard court, sign the kids up for tennis camp or work on your backhand at our clinics. Learn More Lake Adventures Lake Adventures Rent a boat or jet ski, go kayaking and paddle boarding or take a romantic sunset cruise on our yacht. Learn More Put this on your Golf Bucket List 72 holes of award-winning Hill Country golf Ram Rock A Robert Trent Jones, Sr. Course Rolling Bentgrass greens, deep bunkers, challenging water hazards, and don't miss the island green on the par-3 4th hole. Slick Rock A Robert Trent Jones, Sr. Golf Course Opened in 1972, this unforgettable course features forgivable fairways, inspiring scenery and the awe-inspiring "Million Dollar Hole." Summit Rock A Jack Nicklaus Signature Course A Golfweek Top 100 Resort Course, our most exclusive layout features dramatic elevation changes over a scenic Golden Bear design. Whitewater Course A Real Bermuda Grass Putting Course Only one of four of its kind in North America, this par-72 course is the perfect family or buddy golf activity . Lantana For breakfast, lunch or dinner, Lantana Restaurant entices visitors with relaxed, al fresco dining, a full bar, tropical decor, and a splash of Southwestern flair. Whitewater 360 Sports Club Come watch all your favorite games on our 16 flat screen televisions, while enjoying fantastic beverages and fresh baked pizzas. The Yacht Club Enjoy sophisticated dining with a chef's menu of seafood, steaks and specialty dishes in an elegant atmosphere surrounded by sweeping views of Lake LBJ. Bayside Spa & Fitness Complement your time at the spa with a menu of healthy appetizers, salads, sandwiches, and beverages enhanced by stunning views of the lake. Market Fresh Order from a creative menu of hand-crafted pizzas, pressed sandwiches and a variety of breakfast options, conveniently delivered right to your door. Cap Rock Cabana Pick up a sandwich, grab a snack or order on the go drinks and enjoy the views from our snack bar serving the Apple Rock and Ram Rock courses Slick Rock Grill & Bar Wake up to breakfast or try one of the legendary hamburgers at this casual clubhouse just steps from the scenic 12th fairway at Slick Rock Golf Course. Café Del Sol Relax, soak up some Texas sunshine and enjoy a menu of tasty appetizers, kids snacks, sandwiches, and cocktails served poolside at our Resort Tower. Lakeside Dining From casual family restaurants to upscale fine dining overlooking Lake LBJ, discover a vibrant food and drink scene at our the Texas Hill Country resort.  View All   Meet & Gather Meet & Gather Impress your guests at our lakeside destination with venues, amenities and activities that transform a standard meeting, conference or corporate event into a fabulous vacation. Learn More Say "I Do" Say "I Do" Start your forever surrounded by romantic lake views and the Texas Hill Country vistas. Intimate or grand, our luxurious resort on Lake LBJ provides a beginning for an incredible lifetime of memories. Learn More Upcoming Events Birds of the Bay show at Whitewater Patio Education, Family, Other, Sports & Recreation Meet our wide array of exotic birds and other resort ambassadors. Learn about their everyday life and how they are trained here at Horseshoe Bay Resort. Don't forget to take a memorable photo with your favorite! Complimentary. Crafts in the Jungle Kids Club Arts & Theater, Education, Family, Other, Sports Show off your artistic skills by creating awesome crafts such as suncatchers, picture frames, kites, friendship bracelets, and cups. $15 per child all-inclusive. A guardian must stay with their children during the duration of their stay, unless previously enrolled in the Kids' Club drop-off program. Sno-Cones, Tattoos and Pool Games at Paseo Pool Family, Food & Dining, Other, Sports & Recreation A resort favorite! Decorate yourself with temporary tattoos while you cool off with a sno-cone and play some games by the pool. $3/Sno-Cone, $1/Tattoo, Complimentary Games. Happy Hour at Whitewater Putting Course Family, Other, Sports & Recreation Show off your putting skills at half the price! Squawk Talk at Whitewater Patio Education, Family, Other, Sports & Recreation Come chat with our aviculturists to learn interesting facts about our exotic animals…some of our birds might even talk to you, too! Complimentary. S'mores on Live Oak Lawn Family, Food & Dining, Other, Sports & Recreation Top off your day with a classic, sweet treat while you play some lawn games. Complimentary. All Day Happy Hour at the Marina Family, Other, Sports & Recreation Enjoy 1/2 off rentals at the Marina! This offer is valid on Mondays only, and excludes fuel. Crafts in the Jungle Kids Club Arts & Theater, Education, Family, Other, Sports Show off your artistic skills by creating awesome crafts such as sand art, visors, keychains, hackey-sacks and beach balls, and sand buckets! $15 all inclusive. A guardian must stay with their children during the duration of their stay, unless previously enrolled in the Kids Club drop off program. Tortoise Connection at Whitewater Patio Education, Family, Other, Sports & Recreation Mingle with our family of African Tortoises while you have the opportunity to feed, learn, and take memorable pictures with these lovable giants! Complimentary, however, feeding cups are available for purchase at the Whitewater Putting Hut $5/cup. Crafts in the Jungle Kids' Club Arts & Theater, Family, Other, Sports & Recreatio Show off your artistic skills by creating awesome crafts such as suncatchers, picture frames, kites, friendship bracelets, and cups. $15 per child all-inclusive. A guardian must stay with their children during the duration of their stay, unless previously enrolled in the Kids' Club drop-off program. Special Offers Family Vacation Package Family fun is waiting at Horseshoe Bay Resort. Enjoy a $75 resort credit per day. Book Now Texas Resident Package The perks of living in Texas just got bigger. Visit Horseshoe Bay Resort in 2018 and receive big discounts! Stay Sunday through Thursday and receive 15% off rates. Stay for the weekend (Friday & Saturday) and receive 10% off rates. Book Now Buy Two, Get Third Free Stay & Save! Buy Two and the Third Night is Free Book Now King of the Lake Daily Breakfast + 1 hour on Lake LBJ (jet ski or pontoon boat rental) Book Now AAA Member Deal Exclusive rate for AAA card-carrying member Book Now Tee It Up & Tie It Down Advanced Morning tee times + Shuttle Service Book Now Love on the Lake Escape to Lake LBJ for Daily Breakfast for two, Complimentary Valet Parking + Champagne & Chocolate Covered Strawberries Book Now Ladies Getaway Tennis & Wine Weekend Say no more! Limited time only. Book Now Bayside Spa & Stay Mmm sounds heavenly. $100 nightly spa credit + Daily Breakfast. Book Now Fitness Schedule Fitness for All Book Now Buy One, Get One Golf Free Arrival or Replay Round + Accommodations +Shuttle Service. Book Now Experience Horseshoe Bay Resort The Texas Hill Country Destination 2018 Horseshoe Bay Resort Meetings Overview 2018 Horseshoe Bay Resort Golf Overview 2018 Horseshoe Bay Resort Weddings Overview Full video gallery Horseshoe Bay Resort 200 Hi Circle North Horseshoe Bay , Texas 78657 Phone: Email: [email protected]   |   https://hsbresort.com/ Email Offers Subscribe to our email offers to receive great deals! Subscribe Information E-Map Reviews Privacy Policy About Careers Site Map ADA Compliance Policies Stay Connected Facebook Twitter Pinterest YouTube Instagram Arrive Depart Check Availability Remind Me Later Reminder The personal information collected is solely used for serving booking reminders. Please visit our privacy policy page to contact us to review or delete data collected. Date Name Name is required Email Email is required SiteId Set Reminder Reserve Slide Up 