Hyde House Cotswolds Wedding Barn Venue, Gloucestershire Home House & Barn Venue Hire Rates Ribbon Offers The Grange The House Catering Gallery F.A.Q Civil Ceremonies Partners Contact Find Us Blog   Scroll     The House & Barns   Nestling in a tranquil Cotswold landscape, Hyde House is the perfect location to host your wedding and celebrations. Licensed for civil marriage ceremonies in The Grange, or outdoors under our beautiful arbour, we also provide the highest standards of inclusive service, catering and accommodation with friendly, helpful support for your wedding planning and preparation. We attend to all the practicalities, leaving you free to create your own, unique special day as an expression of your personal style.   Welcome to Hyde House     Venue Hire Rates     Looking out to views of the Cotswold countryside, Hyde House has three unique event spaces set within our beautiful grounds. The Grange, The Barns and The House are all exclusively yours for the day, allowing you to host your guests throughout your celebrations.     Venue Hire Rates   The Grange   Our newest addition, The Grange, overlooks the neighbouring countryside and provides a tranquil and elegant setting to say ‘I do’.   The landscaped courtyard adjoining the barn is the perfect space to host your guests following your ceremony for your reception drinks and canapes.   The House There are 20 delightful, comfortable rooms, with a newly redesigned Master Bedroom coming early 2020, together with a spacious bar which allows you and your wedding guests to have exclusive use of the house and its grounds for the day of your wedding. The morning after your wedding, you and your guests are invited to gather again to share a sumptuous breakfast together in the breakfast room of the main house, catered again by our kitchen team. Should additional accommodation be required then the team at Hyde House will be happy to recommend suitable hotels and B&Bs in the locality.   Catering Our menu options reflect our approach to food, which is guided by a commitment to using the finest fresh and seasonal ingredients, sourced from local suppliers wherever possible, with an emphasis on delivering memorable dishes and outstanding value. We can seat up to 150 daytime guests in The Main Room for the wedding breakfast and have the capacity for 175 evening guests. Our in-house wedding catering team brings together outstanding quality food – freshly prepared on site – with exceptional presentation, delivered by our friendly and professional waiting staff. Drinks Package Menus   Gallery View     FAQs View All     Civil Ceremonies When hosting your civil ceremony at Hyde House you must also liaise with the Registration Office in Cheltenham, notifying them well in advance of your intention to marry. The minimum period of notice is 15 days, although in practice we’d recommend contacting them at the earliest possible opportunity. It is essential that a Registrar is available to conduct the ceremony on your chosen date. Popular dates, especially during spring and summer, can get booked up early. Unlike many civil ceremony venues, Hyde Barn is licensed to conduct ceremonies both indoors, in our elegant ceremony halls seating 100 or 150 and outdoors in our garden, focused around our beautiful arbour, which serves as the ‘permanent structure’ required by the regulations. Should you wish to conduct an alternative ceremony or blessing you must still contact the Registration Office and follow the formal procedures. Whilst you are free to adapt the wording of your vows and other parts of the ceremony itself, you should be aware that no elements of a religious nature can be included within a civil marriage or partnership ceremony.   Partners We are pleased to announce the launch of our new portfolio of partners, suppliers and friends. Combined with the magical backdrop and services of Hyde House this comprehensive group of preferred partners will provide you with the additional elements you may require to ensure your wedding celebration will be a truly unforgettable event. Please speak to a member of the planning team for more information View Partners   Contact US Telephone: 01451 830354  Email: team@hyde-house.uk Address: Hyde House, Fosseway, Stow On The Wold, Gloucestershire, GL54 1JX  (PLEASE NOTE: Do not use postcode for Sat Nav/Google Map Directions) Alternatively, please contact us using our enquiry form:   Name: Email: Contact Number: You may not know specific details at this stage, but let us know a little more about your plans and we can send over further information to help get you started. Preferred Day: -- Please select -- Monday Tuesday Wednesday Thursday Friday Saturday Sunday Month -- Please select -- January February March April May June July August September October November December Year -- Please select -- 2019 2020 Approximate Guest Numbers Anything specific you would like to ask us? Prove you're not a robot *       How to find us Hyde House enjoys a beautiful rural location in the heart of the Cotswolds but remains easily accessible from the transport network. Hyde House sits on the ancient Fosse Way (A429) just south of Stow-on-the-Wold. By Rail Moreton-in-Marsh is the nearest rail station (approx. 3 miles). For timetable details visit www.nationalrail.co.uk Taxis are normally available at the station. By Road Sat Nav: Do not use our Postal Code, Hyde House is on the A429. Set your Sat Nav destination using 'Hyde House, Fosse Way, Stow-on-the-Wold'.     Do not select Hyde Mill as your destination.   By Air International destinations are served by Bristol and Birmingham airports. There are local airfields for small craft at Kemble (Cotswold Airport) and Gloucestershire Airport.       Copyright Hyde House 2015 Terms & Condtions WEBSITE CREATED BY WE ARE FLOURISH 