Peaceful getaways on Scotland's Solway Coast. Peaceful getaways on Scotland's Solway Coast.-Idle Hour Holidays, Southwest Scotland Idle Hour Holidays, Southwest Scotland info@idlehourholidays.co.uk Self-catering The Local Area Prices & Availability Special Offers Terms & Conditions Photo Album Useful Links Contact Us Booking enquiry GuestBook privacy Tide's Reach Self-catering accommodation in Garlieston, Wigtownshire Enjoy the View! Garlieston village seen from the balcony at Tide's Reach Relax and Unwind! Plenty of room for a family of four and up to 2 dogs Welcome to Idlehour Holidays! A warm Yorkshire welcome in the heart of Galloway. We are sorry to say that 'Tide's Reach' has now closed its doors for holiday lets after almost 10 years. It has been a pleasure welcoming so many lovely folk as our guests - several of whom have returned regularly and become friends.  However, we have now decided the time has come to move into the house oursleves and make it our family home. We hope we have not disappointed to many folk who were hoping to return again this year. Fortunately there is no shortage of similar accommodation in the area, so we are sure you will find a suitable alternative; it won't be Tide's Reach, of course, but just as lovely in its own way!  If you are in the area, do call by and say hello. Thank you again for your custom and support. Anthony &  Joseph. Having moved to Southwest Scotland from their native Yorkshire, Anthony and Joseph Duncalf have been welcoming visitors to explore this often overlooked region of Scotland since 2006. Initially we ran a small guesthouse near Wigtown, and soon after began renting out two self-catering properties in the area. Having since moved to the East of the region, we continue to welcome guests to stay at Tide's Reach - our harbourside getaway overlooking Wigtown Bay. In 2018, we started also offering bed and breakfast accommodation in our home on the edge of Dalbeattie.     "I fixed on Galloway as the best place to go" John Buchan - The 39 Steps   Dumfries and Galloway is an area often passed by by those heading for the more famous Scottish Highlands, but offers some equally beautiful countryside, including the Galloway Hills and Forest Park, as well as a stunning coastline, with rugged cliffs and secluded bays. The region is rich in history, with numerous medieval castles, ruined abbeys and prehistoric sites to explore, while the countryside is rich in wildlife - from Red Deer to Red Squirrels - and includes the UK's first designated Dark Sky Park. Whatever your interests, you can be sure to find something to enjoy, and, as something of a hidden gem, you won't have to fight the crowds to get the most out of your stay! Save yourself the long trek North and turn off the A74 at Gretna Green. Head West along the A75 and you will soon start to appreciate what this lovely region has to offer!       Become a fan of Idle Hour Holidays on Facebook and keep abreast of all our latest news Or follow us on Twitter Disclaimer   We believe all non-original images used on this website to be within the public domain. If you own an image and wish it to be removed from the site, please contact us and we will immediately delete the item. Tide's Reach Tide's Reach is a stylish modern end townhouse, situated right on the harbourside in the sleepy fishing village of Garlieston, just 10 miles from the National Booktown of Wigtown. in the picturesque Machars of Galloway. Sleeping 4 people in one twin and one double (en suite) bedroom, the property makes an ideal base for those seeking a relaxing getaway from which to explore this little known gem of a region. Read More Meet the Owners Anthony & Joseph Duncalf moved to Dumfries and Galloway from Yorkshire in 2007, and have been welcoming guests to the area for over 10 years. Read More     Special Offers and Late Deals       site last updated: Self-catering The Local Area Prices & Availability Special Offers Terms & Conditions Photo Album Useful Links Contact Us Booking enquiry GuestBook privacy Site Map Copyright © 2019. www.idlehourholidays.co.uk . 