 Armenistis View Studios - Rooms Apartments Ikaria Greece [if lt IE 9]><script src=https://oss.maxcdn.com/libs/html5shiv/3.7.0/html5shiv.js></script><script src=https://oss.maxcdn.com/libs/respond._layouts/js/1.3.0/respond.min.js></script><![endif] Toggle navigation Make Reservation Through Email Booking.com TripAdvisor.com change language English Francais Deutsche Italiano Espanol русский Ελληνικά Guide Guide map Festivals map Photo Albums Rooms photos Ikaria island photos WELCOME Ikaria island Greece Scroll down to explore more Armenistis View Studios Welcome About Armenistis View Studios Our pansion is particularly well suited to dedicated beach-lovers and sun-workshippers, as it stands on the small headland that separates the two beautiful sandy beaches, Livadi and Mesakti, and an easy 15-minute stroll east from the village centre. Both beaches are just a stone's throw away, but in calm weather it is also possible to swim off the rocks directly below the studio. Apartments themselves are bright and airy. Each room having either a double or twin beds, a simple all-in-one kitchenette unit, aircondition and a shower room, and the appealing option of being lulled to sleep by the murmur of the waves. Undoubtedly the most irresistible feature of each room is the large terrace with fabulous views along Livadi Beach towards the village of Armenisti. Accommodation Armenistis View Studios located in Armenistis Village, between Mesakti and Livadi Beaches. The seafront Armenistis View Studios offers self-catering accommodation with unobstructed view over the Ikarian Gulf. Free Wi-Fi is available throughout. The studios and apartment of Armenistis View have a kitchenette with fridge, cooking hobs, coffee machine, aircondition and TV. The centre of Armenistis Village, where taverns, mini markets and cafes are featured, lies within 800 metres from the property. Evdilos Port is 18 km away, while Agios Kirikos Port is at a distance of 50 km. Ikaria National Airport in Agios Kyrikos is 55 km away. Transfer from Evdilos port or Agios Kyrikos port/airport can be arranged on request and at extra charge. Payment - Information For email reservation a Prepayment/Deposit of 25% through Paypal gateway or bank to bank transfer should be completed up to 5 days after the reservation quote. Later the procedure will be cancelled and the room become available. Balance payment should be in cash or credit card on arrival or during accommodation. Cancellation - Information If cancelled or modified up to 30 days before date of arrival, no fee will be charged. If cancelled or modified later or no-show, the total price of the reservation will be charged. Room Types One Bedroom Apartment with Sea View Featuring a separate bedroom, this apartment opens to a spacious balcony with unobstructed view over the Ikarian Gulf. It has a kitchenette with fridge, oven, cooking hobs, toaster and coffee machine. TV and free Wi-Fi are available. maximum 4 persons, 1 double and 1 single bed (1 extra single bed can be added). Childs if need extra bed will be charge as an extra person. For More Information please mail us at armenview@gmail.com Check in: at 14.00 Check out: at 12.00. Studios with Sea View Four studios opens to a balcony with unobstructed view over the Ikarian Gulf. Having a kitchenette with fridge, cooking hobs, TV, aircondition and free Wi-Fi. Maximum 3 persons, 1 double or 2 single beds (1 extra single bed can be added). During booking please inform us the bed configuration that you prefer. Childs if need extra bed will be charge as an extra person. For More Information please mail us at armenview@gmail.com Check in: at 14.00 Check out: at 12.00. Facilities General Facilities The Hotel Armenistis View Studios is located between the two most beautiful beaches of Ikaria. Livadi and Mesakti. The most compelling feature of each apartment is a terrace with a view of the village Armenistis. Studios are brand new and each provides, a small kitchen, TV, aircondition, shower and free WiFi Internet access. The room service become every 4 days. If you want sooner you let us know during your stay. Those who do not have transportation and want to explore the surrounding areas and to participate in traditional festivals organized in all the villages, there is a local car rental agency in the village Armenistis. If you wish to be transported from the port of Evdilos or from the port or airport of Agios Kirikos we can arrange on request and at an additional charge. For more information please email us at armenview@gmail.com Room Facilities Balcony/terrace Coffee/tea maker Kitchenette Aircondition Shower Television Free WiFi Internet IKARIA ISLAND GREECE HOTELS ROOMS STUDIOS ARMENISTIS Get In Touch Contact Information Armenistis View Studios Mesachti beach Armenistis Ikaria island , Greece 83301 Mobile: +30.697.762.1806 Land-Line 1: +30.227.507.1529 Land-Line 2: +30.210.651.7855 Email: armenview@gmail.com Social Networks Armenistis View Studios Google Page Google Page Google Page Google Page Tweets by @Armenistis_View foursquare.com www.linkedin.com pinterest.com Share it Call us Free Call Armenistis View Studios Ikaria island Greece E.O.T. Operating Licence MHTE 0313K12K0318500 Style options Skin Color: Layout Color: Menu Color: 