Indian Motorcycle Adventures - Motorcycle tours in India on Royal Enfield Bullets by NZ Company fwtable fwsrc="menubar-back.fw.png" fwpage="Page 1" fwbase="menubar-home.gif" fwstyle="Dreamweaver" fwdocid = "1726328165" fwnested="0" Indian Motorcycle Adventures is a New Zealand company with 20 years continuous experience of operating fully guided tours in India on classic Royal Enfield Bullets. Join your hosts and owner operators Steve, Lily and Kamal whose extensive knowledge and contacts will give you the motorcycling and cultural experience of a lifetime. In our 18 day October tour of ancient Rajasthan, we take in its romantic palaces, forts, temples and wildlife reserves at a relaxed pace, travelling mostly on country roads. Our July and August Himalayan rides from Shimla to Leh via the rarely travelled Spitti Valley cross some of the highest passes in the world in an 18 day tour. All of our tours take you straight to the heart of Indian life and will leave you with indelible memories. Video by Grant Johnston 2016 | Addtional Videos | Vid 2 | Vid 3 | Vid 4 | Vid 5 | Vid 6 | About Us Steve Krzystyniak and Lily Guilford have been the proud owner operators of Indian Motorcycle Adventures Ltd for 20 years. We specialize in motorcycle tours in India and we are the only Australasian company regularly operating tours in Rajasthan... click to read on Why pick Indian Motorcycle Adventures? Our tours have been developed over 20 years with Kiwi and European bikers in mind, travelling mostly on the picturesque country roads that we are passionate about. We concentrate upon meeting the locals on our journey and immersing our clients in Indian culture. ... click to read on An entertaining illustrated account of our adventures motorcycling in Rajasthan, co-authored by Steve and travel writer Karen Goa. Autographed copies available from us for NZ$20 including postage within New Zealand. CLICK TO ORDER The book has also been adapted for radio by New Zealands National Radio and is available here Royal Rajasthan is India at its most historic and colourful. We visit ruined medieval forts, sumptuous palaces and wildlife reserves and visit with the locals as we ride through the picturesque country back roads of this romantic state MORE Ride across the Tibetan Plateau and over some of the highest motorable passes in the world. Experience Buddhist culture and spectacular scenery as we ride alongside the roaring headwaters of the mighty Indus River. MORE                         Contact Us | Made in New Zealand | Designed By WM Productions     