Inn at Manchester | Vermont Bed & Breakfast | Southern Vermont header top-right wrapper first line social media block (802) 362-1793 second line About Us Directions main navigation Main menu Skip to primary content The Inn Rooms Guest Amenities About Us Breakfast Weddings & Events Plan Your Event Gallery Wedding Resources Corporate Meetings Elopements Explore The Restaurants The Outdoors The Arts The Shops Get Inn Touch Book now check availability main content block page-templates/homepage.php reservation search bar ​ intro Inn at Manchester At the Inn at Manchester, the pleasures are simple. Awake to the sweet smell of a home-cooked breakfast wafting into your room, enjoy a front row view of the Green Mountains from a rocking chair on our classic front porch, curl up with a good book next to one of our many fireplaces, take a dip in our secluded pool or warm up with a cocktail in our cozy, living-room-style pub with old and new friends. You’ll find us nestled in a valley between the Taconic and Green Mountains on four sprawling acres, just minutes from Manchester, Vermont’s charming downtown. Our southern Vermont community is teaming with talented people and surprises at every turn. Browse local galleries, cast a fly in the famed Battenkill and Mettawee rivers, hike, bike, ski, shop and more. Choose from one of our 21 thoughtfully appointed guestrooms – including 12 suites – each with their own distinct character, including some with private fireplaces and sitting rooms. There’s a reason we are an intimate, family owned and operated inn: we love to get to know our guests personally. So make yourself at home… and stay awhile. section blocks Accommodations Here at the Inn at Manchester every room is slightly different, so you’ll always find something new on every visit. Explore the Main Inn, the Carriage House and the Celebration Barn. See All Rooms Book Direct We'd love to see you in Manchester, Vermont soon! You’ll always get the best rate available when you book directly through our website or call: 802-362-1793. Book Now Events Our Celebration Barn features hand-stained and distressed pine paneling, space for up to 150 in a variety of configurations and naturally, an outdoor fire pit. Whatever you imagine for your special day, it will come to life here. Plan Your Event Inn-stagram Inn-stagram Load More... Follow on Instagram #main subscribe row Subscribe Sign up to receive special deals, packages, and information about the Inn at Manchester footer nav row Home Policies Gift Certificates Our Linens Contact Us Unsubscribe static address row The Inn at Manchester PO Box 41 | 3967 Main Street | Manchester, VT 05254 (802) 362-1793 innkeepers@innatmanchester.com footer logo row Instagram Feed JS The Inn ▼ Rooms Guest Amenities About Us Breakfast Weddings & Events ▼ Plan Your Event Gallery Wedding Resources Corporate Meetings Elopements Explore ▼ The Restaurants The Outdoors The Arts The Shops Get Inn Touch Book now Google Analytics 