 Inns on Bellevue in Newport, Rhode IslandThe Inns On Bellevue The Inns On Bellevue Home Inns on Bellevue The Inn On Bellevue The Bellevue Manor The Bellevue House Specials & Packages Newport Contact 401-848-6242 Stay & Relax Make Reservations View Our Inns Three Historic Bed And Breakfasts, One Wonderful Location In Newport, RI Bellevue Manor and the Inn on Bellevue located at the top of Bellevue Avenue, with Bellevue House just 2 doors behind. Inn on Bellevue Bellevue Manor Bellevue House ***Reserve directly with us.  We will beat any on-line rate for the same room type.*** The Inn on Bellevue and Bellevue Manor are located in historic Newport, Rhode Island. Both of these inns occupy prime locations on Bellevue Avenue, directly across the street from the Historic Hotel Viking. The Bellevue House is directly behind the Inn on Bellevue, offering an economic alternative. Built in the seventeen hundreds, this inn maintains a nautical atmosphere, offering clean, comfortable accommodations, just a block off of Bellevue Avenue! Within walking distance of the harbor, you’ll experience an enchanting town that offers a variety of things to do including tours of the famous Newport Mansions, unique boutiques and waterfront sports. So whether you’re interested in walking along Newport’s Cliff Walk, Easton Beach or within the historic district, our inns are right at the heart of the city. Travelers from across the country delight in the beautiful surroundings that New England has to offer. We’re happy to extend a variety of specials and packages . Contact us to reserve a room or find out more information about our historic inns located in Newport, Rhode Island.         We are delighted to announce the opening of our onsite BELLEVUE MASSAGE AND BODYWORK , offering a range of modalities in massage, bodywork, and energy work. Our inn guests enjoy special pricing on all services provided either in one of our treatment rooms, or in the comfort of your own room.  See our discounted pricing for inn guests here .     PICNIC      Picnic offers a  tempting breakfast and lunch menu.  Located just off of the lobby of the Inn on Bellevue, this is a great place to grab a bite before heading out to explore Newport,or to put together a lunch basket to take with you. We invite you to join us for a quick bite of pastry, artisan breads, salads, soup, and sandwiches.  Choose shopping at Picnic Gourmet for treats to go, or dining in with us at Picnic. Click HERE for more information about PICNIC . . FRANK ANTONIO HAIR AND MAKEUP Located right here at the Inn on Bellevue, Frank Antonio Hair and Makeup is a boutique styling salon dedicated to the Art of Beauty. With over thirty years’ experience in the industry, numerous A-list Hollywood clients and an expert team – we’re dedicated to not only making you look fantastic, but feel even better. Click HERE for more information about FRANK ANTONIO HAIR AND MAKEUP   For a nominal charge, guests of the Inns on Bellevue have access to the indoor swimming pool at the Hotel Viking, located directly across the street on Bellevue Avenue. The Inns On Bellevue This elegantly decorated home was carefully transformed into a classic and sophisticated inn with a European flair. Inn On Bellevue Equipped with all of the modern conveniences you would expect to find in a luxury bed and breakfast. The Bellevue Manor This inn offers clean, comfortable rooms and a quiet location, just a short stroll to the town center. The Bellevue House The Inns On Bellevue 30 Bellevue Avenue Newport, RI 02840 401-848-6242 info@innsonbellevue.com  © 2017 The Inns On Bellevue  Designed by WebsiteDesigner.com J Q U E R Y F O U N D A T I O N P L U G I N S 