Ios Hotel Greece | A comfortable hotel in the port of Ios island. Ios Hotel Greece A comfortable hotel in the port of Ios island.  About Posted by: Flisvos Hotel | July 9, 2010 FLISVOS HOTEL Ios island offers diverse experiences to the traveller. Famous for a vibrant dusk till dawn nightlife, Ios has started attracting people interested in more than bars and beaches. With a scuba club, archealogical sites, museums, great tasting local gourmet products, and some great restaurants. The advantage of the location of Flisvos Hotel is that after a night out, the way home is a 10 minute downhill walk. There are 3 beaches within walking distance, and the bus stop, 30 seconds away, connects to all the other beaches of the island. Flisvos Hotel offers basic amenities, along with amazing views of the port and town. The rooms are big and simple, and all feature nice balconies to hang out on. Decorated in traditional Cycladic simplicity, the rooms of Flisvos Hotel will provide a refuge from the madness of Ios nightlife, as they are in a quiet yet central location. When you step off the ferry, you will walk for 3 minutes literally, and be in a refreshing shower moments after check-in. The front rooms have a view towards the sea and the moored yachts in the marina. The sunset from the rooms will make you want to spend the late afternoon on your balcony. The rooms in the back enjoy even quieter surroundings, with palm trees framing a view of the edge of Ios village. Contact us to check availability. email: flisvosioshotel[at]gmail.com phone: +30 22860 91381 PHOTOS Advertisements Leave a Comment Posted in Uncategorized .postwrapper Posted by: Flisvos Hotel | July 9, 2010 FLISVOS HOTEL 1 Comment Posted in Uncategorized .postwrapper #content-inner Categories Uncategorized #content Advertisements Browse Monthly Archives July 2010 Links Check Ferry Timetables Ios as seen through the lenses of Flickr users. Ios island in Wikipedia Ios Municipality (in Greek) Nudist guide to Ios Island….. The Washington Post about Ios Island Weather forecast for Ios Island Subscribe Entries (RSS) Comments (RSS) Blog at WordPress.com. Post to Cancel Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here: Cookie Policy 