Siesta Key Condo Rentals | Island Reef Condominiums Siesta Key Florida Skip to main content Skip to footer Go to Accessibility Page Island Reef Condominiums Owners Log In View Condos Condo Rentals Reservations Guest Comments Amenities Fitness Center Tennis & Pickle Ball Courts Swimming Pools Beach Grilling Patios Club House Library & Billiards Room Game Room Meeting Room Shuffleboard Courts Docks, Fishing Pier & Kayak Launch Activities Calendar Gallery Area Guide Newsletter Contact & Location Welcome To Island Reef Paradise on beautiful Siesta Key Stretching from Gulf to Bay on picturesque southern Siesta Key, Island Reef is among the premier condominium complexes in the Sarasota area. Island Reef offers its residents a wide range of facilities and activities to enjoy year-round. Added to that are all of the great attractions of Siesta Key and the Sarasota area. Come join us at Island Reef for a month or more!!! Rent a Condo Island Reef Condominium Rentals Social Activities Recreation Area Guide Relax, Recreate & Revitalize Bicycling, Billiards, Boating/Kayaking, Fishing, Ping Pong, Shuffleboard, Sunbathing, Swimming, Tennis, Water Aerobics,and Much More! Weekly social gatherings on our pool patios Monthly evening socials in our club house Informal group outings to sporting events, the theater, art shows, the opera and more Amenities "Quiet with well-maintained grounds and facilities." "This place is the best! Large, comfortable condos for rent, private beach access, off the beaten track, near Turtle Beach, outdoor pool and grilles, modern and clean. And Siesta Key Beach is the #1 beach in the country." A truly relaxing and beautiful environment. We love any moment we get the opportunity to come down here on Siesta Key. This south side of the island is much more laid back than the northern bustle but still easily reachable by the free trolly system that runs the entire island. Definitely recommend staying at Island Reef.   This place is the best! Large, comfortable condos for rent, private beach access, off the beaten track, near Turtle Beach, outdoor pool and grilles, modern and clean. And Siesta Key Beach is the #1 beach in the country.   It's AWESOME on the beach   Quiet with well maintained grounds and facilities.   It's beautiful definitely recommend Nice and quiet place. High quality place.   (Translated by Google) We liked (Original) Hat uns gut gefallen   Guest Comments 8770 Midnight Pass Road • Sarasota, FL 34242 • 941-349-2844 • Owners Log In Site Map | Web Accessibility | © 2019 Website by L.E.T. Group 