Jewish Tours to Israel | Private Kosher Tours | JI-Tours +972 54-314-4764 |  Send Mail HOME ABOUT US ABOUT ISRAEL TOURS MAIN TOURS ALL TOURS & SITES COSTUMISE YOUR TOUR GALLERY PHOTO GALLERY VIDEO GALLERY HOTEL RESERVATIONS CONTACT Search Menu Facebook Previous Next 1 2 3 JEWISH ISRAEL TOURS A tour company focusing specifically on Jewish Israel Previous Next 1 2 3 JEWISH ISRAEL TOURS Walk in the footsteps of our forefathers JI-TOURS – Jewish Tours to Israel WE FOCUS ON JEWISH ISRAEL YOU ARE IMPORTANT WE GET EVERYWHERE Everybody have a specialty, We are orthodox Israelis Ours specialty is Jewish Israel. Read more We are a small family business You don’t pay for our big office. We care for every costumer. Read more We know how to get to all cites even if they are out of the beaten track. Read more HOT PRIVATE TOURS On our Hot Private Kosher Tours, we go to the most important sites in the heartland of Jewish Israel Jerusalem:City of David and The Old Jerusalem In our Father’s Footsteps: Gush Etzion and Hevron The best of Benyamin 300 $ half day 450 $ full day “If I forget thee, O Jerusalem” We remember Jerusalem at every Jewish wedding and in all our prayers. Jerusalem, the city holy to all religions, and especially for the Jewish People. 650 $ The most important and most exciting sites in Jewish history: The Judean Hills – the heritage of the Tribe of Judah; Rachel’s Tomb and the Cave of the Patriarchs in Hevron. 650$ Wine, nature, ancient settlements and modern community in the heart of Israel VIEW DETAIL VIEW DETAIL VIEW DETAIL The Judean Foothills tailor made trip Kosher wine tour 650$ Follow in the footsteps of the Jewish heroes who fought throughout the generations: King David in Tel Azekah, Shimshon (Samson(Between Tzora and Eshtaol  and Bar Kokhba  in the tunnels under ground. We can help you build the trip of your dreams where everything is possible. 650$ Wine is an integral part of Jewish and Israeli culture. A kosher wine tour can be a wonderful experience filled with history, laughter, and tasty delights. I would like you to experience it in the best possible way. VIEW DETAIL VIEW DETAIL VIEW DETAIL View more tours HOT TOURS On our Hot Tours we go to the most important sites in the heartland of Jewish Israel Jerusalem: Ir David and The Old City of Jerusalem 400$ “If I forget thee, O Jerusalem” We remember Jerusalem at every Jewish wedding and in all our prayers. Jerusalem, the city holy to all religions, and especially for the Jewish People. VIEW DETAIL In our Father’s Footsteps: Gush Etzion and Hevron 650$ The most important and most exciting sites in Jewish history: The Judean Hills – the heritage of the Tribe of Judah; Rachel’s Tomb and the Cave of the Patriarchs in Hevron. VIEW DETAIL The best of Benyamin 650$ Wine, nature, ancient settlements and modern community in the heart of Israel VIEW DETAIL The Judean Foothills 650$ Follow in the footsteps of the Jewish heroes who fought throughout the generations: King David in Tel Azekah, Shimshon (Samson(Between Tzora and Eshtaol  and Bar Kokhba  in the tunnels under ground. VIEW DETAIL tailor made trip We can help you build the trip of your dreams where everything is possible. VIEW DETAIL Kosher wine tour 650$ Wine is an integral part of Jewish and Israeli culture. A kosher wine tour can be a wonderful experience filled with history, laughter, and tasty delights. I would like you to experience it in the best possible way. VIEW DETAIL View more tours Video tips for you Israel trip How to travel in Judea and Samaria? How to find kosher street food in israel? When not to travel in israel? How to Plan an Israeli Day Trip for a Family JI-TOURS Private Kosher wine tour in Israel How to shop in Israel For more of our “ Israel Tips ” , please leave your email Email* What our customer say I found Eli Riskin to be a most competent tour guide. He knows his country well, providing nearly unlimited opportunities to see the history of Israel as well as it’s modern counterpart. He can provide experiences off the beaten path with people and places ranging from the ancient to modern vinyards. Eli is a safe driver and provides a degree of security that leaves the tourist feeling safe and comfortable. I highly recommend Eli Riskin! Bill Jerke, Colorado USA Eli was an amazing tour guide for my first time in Eretz Yisroel!  He provided us with detailed explanations of Ein Gedi, took us to see the amazing view from Massadah and finally drove us to Yom ha’Melach for the finishing touch.  He is a very kind, frum guide and I look forward to my next trip to Eretz Yisroel for another tour with Eli. Jana Huff, Silver Spring, MD We toured with Eli during our recent trip to Israel and had an amazing time. Eli was very knowledgeable but at the same time engaging, so much so, that our girls remained attentive the entire time we were together. Eli was able to pack a lot into a day while still being flexible to any of our changing needs. He provided personal anecdotes which helped our family better relate and increase our love and understanding of both our past and present land of Israel. We would definitely ask him to tour with us again next time we visit. Jennifer Fisher Thank you Eli for such a memorable trip! Your knowledge and pleasant nature make you a wonderful guide. You packed in so much in one day and made every minute count. We had such an amazing time and are happy to have had you as our guide! Behatzlacha and warm regards Gitty Friedman Previous Next If you‘d like us to talk your about upcoming visit to Israel, please leave your email Email* Name* Phone* WHY CHOOSE JI-TOURS? WE FOCUS ON JEWISH ISRAEL Everybody have a specialty, We are orthodox Israelis Ours specialty is Jewish Israel. Read more YOU ARE IMPORTANT We are a small family business You don’t pay for our big office. We care for every costumer. Read more WE GET EVERYWHERE We know how to get to all cites even if they are out of the beaten track. Read more Contact us Beit-El +972 54-314-4764 contact@jewishisraeltours.com Scroll to top Call Now Button Most tour companies in Israel rely On Christian tourism and go mostly to Christian sites. That makes the guides less accustomed with the Jewish story. We know every Jewish , Israeli story. We work with Kosher restaurants and Shabbat observing ventures. In big companies you talk to a Sales Representative Your booking is then transferred to an operation Representative and then transferred to any available tour guide. We use only a small team of Licensed, trusted and experienced Jewish guides. Mostly all of your co communication with us will be through an experienced associate guide. Almost no tour companies offer organized tours to Judaea and Samaria we do!!! We are based in Benjamin the heart of the bible land and we are familiar with every corner of this land. Most tour companies in Israel rely On Christian tourism and go mostly to Christian sites. That makes the guides less accustomed with the Jewish story. We know every Jewish , Israeli story. We work with Kosher restaurants and Shabbat observing ventures. In big companies you talk to a Sales Representative Your booking is then transferred to an operation Representative and then transferred to any available tour guide. We use only a small team of Licensed, trusted and experienced Jewish guides. Mostly all of your co communication with us will be through an experienced associate guide. Almost no tour companies offer organized tours to Judaea and Samaria we do!!! We are based in Benjamin the heart of the bible land and we are familiar with every corner of this land. 