Home end logoheader Skip to content Jump to main navigation and login Jump to additional information Nav view search Navigation Papaya Paradise B&B Oceanfront Condo Our Getaway Kailua Rentals Contact Us Directions - Kailua Directions - Punaluu Slide description area: START Sunrise on the Mokulua Islands Slide description area: END Slide description area: START Morning at Kailua Beach Slide description area: END Slide description area: START Sunrise in Punaluu Slide description area: END Slide description area: START Sunrise in Kailua Slide description area: END Slide description area: START Kaneohe Bay Slide description area: END Slide description area: START Kailua Bay Slide description area: END Slide description area: START Punaluu Beach Slide description area: END Search end line   end header You are here:   Home Information:   Hawaii Visitor's Bureau     Oahu Coupons & Itineraries     Kailua: Activities Dining Shopping Map         Honolulu International Airport Address: 300 Rodgers Boulevard Honolulu, HI 96819     Taxi If you do not plan to rent a car, we have access to a driver who will extend special rates to our guests. Call: Fred                                 Contact: 808-779-7567   Hawaii Real Estate end navi Map of Oahu Plugin Google Maps version 3.3 by Mike Reumer fail nicely if the browser has no Javascript CMN_JAVASCRIPT Kailua Beautiful Kailua beach located on the windward side of Oahu is an uncrowded two mile stretch of white sand beach popular with windsurfers, snorkelers, kayakers, outrigger canoe paddlers and other water sports enthusiasts. Kailua is a quiet and friendly beach town with a variety of restaurant choices and is only 20 minutes from the Honolulu Airport and Waikiki. All major attractions including Waikiki are easily reached from Kailua. Our Kailua properties are a 10 minute walk from the beach. In Kailua we have Papaya Paradise B&B  and self-catered Apartments . Punaluu Punalu'u is located on the northeast coast of Oahu and is a 50 minute drive from Honolulu. Pat's at Punalu'u is just 5 minutes from the Polynesian Cultural Center and is the only beachfront condominium on the windward side of Oahu. Other nearby attractions include: Sunset beach, Pipeline, Waimea Falls Park, Waimea Bay, Crouching Lion Kahana Bay, Kualoa Ranch and Laie Temple. In Punaluu we have two units in the Pat's At Punaluu Condominium complex. The " Oceanfront Apartment " unit #707 and " Our Getaway " unit #102 end main end wrapper Additional information Close info Papaya Paradise B&B Licensed Bed and Breakfast  # 90/BB-0021 Reviews end right end contentarea back all Wayde's World Kailua Beach Video JoomlaWorks "AllVideos" Plugin (v4.7.0) starts here JoomlaWorks "AllVideos" Plugin (v4.7.0) ends here Powered by Joomla!® end footer 