Kalkan Turkey Website | The Complete Guide to Kalkan Turkey Skip to content Logo Header logo Mobile Left Elements Left Elements Right Elements Home Kalkan About Kalkan Historic Kalkan Kalkan By Night Kalkan Photo Gallery Interesting Facts About Turkey Around Kalkan Places Kalkan News Kalkan Properties For Sale For Rent Mobile Right Elements .header-inner .header-main .header-bg-container .section-bg Welcome to Kalkan Website Your complete guide to Kalkan, Turkey .section-content .section-bg Welcome to Kalkan Turkey Website... The historic town of Kalkan is an enchanting place and one of the most beautiful locations along Turkey’s gorgeous Lycian Coast. With the absence of mass tourism, Kalkan remains a charming and unspoiled haven of lush nature, brilliant blue crystal-clear sea, historic architecture, ancient history and warm traditional Turkish hospitality. In this guide, we at Mavi Real Estate and Property Services introduce Kalkan’s many features and detail Kalkan’s accommodations, travel services, shopping, restaurants, rental villas and apartments and more. We’ve loaded the guide with lots of useful Kalkan information and we go in-depth describing the many outlying attractions of the Kalkan region and the ancient history surrounding it. We also have a listing of various Kalkan property for sale Please explore our website and if you have any questions, comments or requests regarding what you would like to see on The Kalkan Website, feel free to contact us. Your message will be answered promptly. .section-content .section-bg Kalkan Places .box-image Activities Near Kalkan, Sightseeing and Places of Interest There are many land activities for those who want to explore the beautiful area around... .box-text-inner .box-text 20 Jun .box .link .col-inner .col .box-image Boat and Gullet Trips Kalkan, Turkey Kalkan is located on one of the most beautiful parts of Turkey’s Turquoise Coast and... .box-text-inner .box-text 20 Jun .box .link .col-inner .col .box-image Kalkan Dive Centre Experience the exciting underwater world of scuba diving in the crystal clear Mediterranean with the... .box-text-inner .box-text 19 Jun .box .link .col-inner .col .box-image Aqua Water Sports Owned and operated by a young energetic team at the Kalamar Beach Club, many kinds... .box-text-inner .box-text 19 Jun .box .link .col-inner .col .box-image Guru’s Cooking Courses Join our unique cooking classes at the Kalkan Guru family restaurant and discover the secrets of our... .box-text-inner .box-text 19 Jun .box .link .col-inner .col .box-image Cafe Vita Now in its sixth year (2013), Cafe Vita has become a Kalkan favorite.  It is... .box-text-inner .box-text 19 Jun .box .link .col-inner .col All Places .section-content Kalkan Properties //Title .box-image DLV329 260 4 Bathroom 4 Price £ 425.000 .box-text-inner .box-text For Sale .box .link .col-inner .col .box-image DLV328 250 5 Bathroom 4 Price £ 265.000 .box-text-inner .box-text For Sale .box .link .col-inner .col .box-image DVL339 160 2 Bathroom 2 Price £ 249.000 .box-text-inner .box-text For Sale .box .link .col-inner .col .box-image KVL412 112 2 Bathroom 2 Price £ 385.000 .box-text-inner .box-text For Sale .box .link .col-inner .col .box-image KVL401 250 4 Bathroom 5 Price £ 275.000 .box-text-inner .box-text For Sale .box .link .col-inner .col .box-image LV441 400 5 Bathroom 6 Price £ 475.000 .box-text-inner .box-text For Sale .box .link .col-inner .col .box-image LV649 280 5 Bathroom 5 Price £ 785.000 .box-text-inner .box-text For Sale .box .link .col-inner .col .box-image LV688 500 5 Bathroom 5 Price £ 650.000 .box-text-inner .box-text For Sale .box .link .col-inner .col .box-image DVL701 260 4 Bathroom 4 Price £ 450.000 .box-text-inner .box-text For Sale .box .link .col-inner .col //Propertey More //Button #main .section-bg In this guide, we at Mavi Real Estate and Property Services introduce Kalkan’s many features and detail Kalkan’s accommodations, travel services, shopping, restaurants, rental villas and apartments and more. Recent Posts 20 Jun .flex-col Activities Near Kalkan, Sightseeing and Places of Interest .flex-row 20 Jun .flex-col Atlantis Wellness Centre – Massage in Kalkan .flex-row 20 Jun .flex-col Boat and Gullet Trips Kalkan, Turkey .flex-row Places Categories Kalkan Activities Kalkan Hotels Kalkan Restaurants and Bars Kalkan Services Kalkan Shopping .section-content Wolinka Interactive Agency -right Copyright 2019 © Kalkan Turkey .left .container .absolute-footer .footer-wrapper #wrapper Mobile Sidebar Home Kalkan About Kalkan Historic Kalkan Kalkan By Night Kalkan Photo Gallery Interesting Facts About Turkey Around Kalkan Places Kalkan News Kalkan Properties For Sale For Rent inner #mobile-menu 