Kapok Hotel + THE HOTEL Event Spaces Spa Services About Us Contact FAQ ROOMS GALLERY EAT & DRINK BOOK YOUR STAY → comment the linebreak between these two elements because science comment the linebreak between these two elements because science + THE HOTEL Event Spaces Spa Services About Us Contact FAQ ROOMS GALLERY EAT & DRINK BOOK YOUR STAY → style below blocks out the mobile nav toggle only when nav is loaded Banner nothing to see here, move along Create index sections For Pages         For Galleries For Albums For Pages Kapok Hotel is an independent boutique hotel — locally-owned and perfectly located, just outside the capital city of Port-of-Spain in Trinidad Conceived as a family restaurant in 1964, Kapok is now a 94-room hotel with 2 restaurants and 7 event spaces. All within safe, walking distance to the Queen's Park Savannah  — home to Trinidad's famous Carnival  —  along with other major attractions like The Magnificent Seven , the Emperor Valley Zoo  and the Botanical Gardens .    For Galleries For Albums For Pages                       For Galleries For Albums For Pages Hotel Services We offer the following services to all our guests (click below): + WiFi We offer complimentary high speed Wi-Fi internet throughout the entire hotel. + AAdvantage Miles The American Airlines AAdvantage Program is the largest and most popular loyalty program in the world. Miles gained while staying at the Kapok Hotel can be accumulated and redeemed on American Airlines and participating airlines to almost 950 destinations worldwide. + Lobby & Snack Shop Our Lobby and Snack Shop are open to guests 24 hours a day. + Check-in & Check-out Check-in time is from 3:00pm. Should you arrive early, we will be happy to store your bags for you. Check-out time is 12 noon. Please contact our front desk should you require a late check-out. + Room Service Room service is available daily from 7am - 10pm. + Transportation & Parking We have partnered with an independent taxi service. Requests can be made at the Front Desk. Public transportation (buses and private taxis) is available conveniently in front of the hotel. Complimentary parking for guests and visitors is also provided. + Guest Computer Station A self-service desk is located in the lobby with High Speed Internet Access. + Swimming Pool & Sun Deck Outdoor swimming pool and sun deck available to hotel guests from 6am - 10pm. + Exercise Room Facility includes treadmills, an elliptical machine, stationary bicycles, weights and more. Open daily, 6am - 10pm. + Laundry and Dry Cleaning Services There is a self-service laundromat (2nd floor). The hotel also offers laundry and dry cleaning services. + Housekeeping Our staff will service your room daily. Please contact Front Desk with any special needs.   Room Amenities Each of our rooms comes fully outfitted with a wide range of features: Complimentary Wi-Fi iPod Docking Station LCD/HD Television with Cable Coffee Maker Mini-Refrigerator In-room Safe Clock Radio Hair Dryer Iron & Ironing Board Cosmetic Mirror We offer a smoke-free environment in all of our rooms.  Visit Rooms page   For Galleries For Albums For Pages For Galleries For Albums For Pages   The Queen's Park Savannah by day, the twinkling lights of the capital city of Port-of-Spain  by night.    Tiki Village  puts you in the treetops, serving up one of the most breath-taking panoramic views in Trinidad. This paired with the restaurant's famous Asian/Polynesian cuisine makes Tiki Village a real feast for your senses.  KAVA’s   eclectic menu features Artisan brick oven pizzas, gourmet burgers, pastas, salads, steaks and much more. The bar's impressive wine selection can be served by the glass or by the bottle. KAVA offers a variety of world-renowned beers and their bartenders are ready to delight your taste buds with trendy cocktails to suit your mood. Seating is available either indoors or outdoors in the patio.  Visit Eat & Drink page For Galleries For Albums Back to Top Kapok Hotel, Cotton Hill Road, Port of Spain, , Trinidad and Tobago (868) 622-5765 stay@kapokhotel.com Kapok Hotel 16-18 Cotton Hill Rd. St. Clair, Port of Spain Trinidad, W.I. Phone : (868)-622-5765 Email : stay@kapokhotel.com       ©2018 Kapok Hotel All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Site designed by notsirk   