Puhoi Accommodation, Kauriglen Lodge Puhoi LODGE GROUP STAY BOOKINGS AND RATES GALLERY PUHOI ACTIVITIES CONTACT FINANCE AND POLICY ANALIST Kauriglen Lodge Puhoi The Kauriglen Lodge Puhoi, just 30 minutes on the motorway north of Auckland City, is situated in the lovely Puhoi country setting with expansive views of the valley and adjacent protective native bush. The lodge has two fully self-contained units, the eleven pillow "Apartment" and the 6 pillow "Chalet". Each unit has its own ensuite, kitchen and separate private decks. A small back packers camper sleeps two adults in reserve. The Lodge All units are connected to the large entertainment area with all amenities to make your stay comfortable and enjoyable. This entertainment area provides: BBQ with Pizza Oven Long House: Roof covered deck area with bar and large swamp kauri dinner table Six person Spa Pool Free Wireless Internet Hot Spot Other facilities include: The all weather indoor-outdoor Ol' Tin Shed restaurant Wood fired hot tub set amongst the adjacent kauri forest Trampoline for the kids Covered marquee deck overlooking the orchard seats up to 40 people Expansive bush tracks and viewing of glowworms and 450 year old kauri The Apartment Unit One of the two units Entertainment Area Central entertainment area The Long House Bar and dining Surroundings The lodge is located on Fiddlers Hill road a one minute drive all on sealed roads from the village. The lovely Lodge setting is nestled amongst native bush and grasslands with sheep, cattle, goats and native birds for company. Walk the nearby tracks just behind your unit, view the bush, the birds and by arrangement the Glow worm Grotto. A fairyland of glowing lights plus native koura (tiny crayfish) and trout to see and the Twin Moreporks (Ruru) if you are lucky. Enjoy the delights of Puhoi Historic Village (10 minutes walking distance) and near Wenderholm, Waiwera (5 km), Warkworth and Matakana (10-15 km). Eating and Drinking All breakfasts, lunches and evening meals can be provided by prior arrangement. A local professional chef for special occasions can supply fine dining or more basic fare of pizzas and BBQ's can be catered for. A full variety of dining experiences include: Breakfast served in your room or on the entertainment deck Lunches and evening meals in the Ol' Tin Shed restaurant and or The Long House Kauriglen specialises in looking after larger groups , families, corporate retreats and seminars with Puhoi Weddings a specialty. Puhoi Weddings Kauriglen Lodge Puhoi is ideally situated to totally organise, support and accommodate 'Puhoi Weddings'.... Guest Comments Lynette & Chris, Auckland "Nice to get out of the city. Beautiful quiet place to get away." Kath & Giles, Auckland "Thank you again for letting us stay in your wonderful lodge. The kids have absolutely loved it." The Burdeaus, USA "Thanks for opening the lodge for us. A perfect birthday retreat." Sounds of Puhoi PuhoiFM the best radio station on 88.0 KAURIGLEN LODGE PUHOI 35 Fiddlers Hill Road Puhoi Historic Village T: +64 (0)9 422 0598 M: +64 (0)274 792 328 E-mail: larry@kauriglen.co.nz © 2011 Kauriglen Design by Studio 525 