 Killington Motel | 1946 RT 4 – Killington, Vermont Start Container Div Start Header Grid Start MenuBar Pages Navigation Menu Home Rates Rooms Things To Do Recommendations Seasons Directions Email Us Coffee Favorite Recipes End MenuBar End Header Grid Start Slider Beauty at the Beast We recognize the true meaning of "hospitality". Your hosts, Stephen and Robin give each guest personalized attention. RESERVATIONS: 800-366-0493 ALL OTHER CALLS: 802-773-9535 /.slide-content /.slide-image /.slides_container /#slide-box /#slides End Slider Start Content Grid The comfort of a large hotel, yet the intimate feeling of a Vermont country inn. Welcome Located in the heart of the Green Mountains, the Killington Motel has the comfort of a large hotel, yet the intimate feeling of a Vermont country inn. We recognize the true meaning of "hospitality". Your hosts, Stephen and Robin give each guest personalized attention. Our Rooms Our rooms are clean, spacious, and comfortable. Standard rooms include extra-long double beds or one queen bed with sofa. Family Suites available. Our Hillside rooms include 2 queen size beds. Your comfort is our concern. That’s why so many of our quests return year after year. Amenities • 20 Spacious rooms • family suites • Complimentary breakfast • All rooms non-smoking • Direct-dial phone • Cable TV • Wi-Fi Internet • Park at your door • In-room refrigerators • Air conditioned rooms • Outdoor Pool (summer) • Picnic areas Killington Killington Vermont has more to offer then just skiing. With seven mountains, 200 Trails, and 32 lifts, Killington Resort is the perfect size for all skiers and Riders, from novice to master. For you next affordable ski or golf vacation in Killington, come stay and play in style, with affordable prices at the Killington Motel. Located at the bottom of the Killington Access Road. The Killington Motel is affordable motel lodging for ski and golf vacations at Killington Resort. The Killington Motel offers the perfect location in Killington for your winter ski vacation and summer golf vacation getaway. Welcome to Killington, and welcome to Vermont. End Content Grid End Container Div Start Footer container End footer container Start footer navigation Killington Motel - 1946 RT 4 – Killington, Vermont RESERVATIONS: 800-366-0493 | ALL OTHER CALLS: 802-773-9535 Website Design by: Boss Office Works, Killington Vermont End Footer navigation 