Kimberling Oaks Resort On Table Rock Lake Near Branson Close to Kimberling City Save for Web Slices (kimberlingoaks.psd) webbot bot="Include" U-Include="kimberingoaksmenu.htm" TAG="BODY" startspan 2 bedroom- 1 bath (Cabin 1) 2 bedroom- 1 bath (Cabin 2) 2 bedroom- 1 bath (Cabin 3) 2 bedroom- 1 bath (Cabin 4) 2 bedroom- 1 bath (Cabin 5) 2 bedroom- 1 bath (Cabin 6) 2 bedroom- 1 bath (Cabin 7) 2 bedroom, 2 bath (Cabin 8) 3 bedroom- 2 bath (Cabin 9) 4 bedroom- 2 bath (Cabin 10) 5 bedroom- 4 bath (Cabin 11) 4 bedroom, 3 bath (Myers Cabin) 4 bedroom, 3 bath house (Cabin 31) Studio 1 Bed (Carriage House) webbot bot="Include" i-checksum="61358" endspan Kimberling Oaks Resort has cabins on Table Rock Lake in Kimberling City. Table Rock Lake is known as one of the best fishing and recreation lakes in the country, and Kimberling City as the Bass Capitol of the Ozarks. For Lodging on Table Rock Lake in Kimberling City - Check Out Kimberling Oaks Resort. We have Table Rock Lake cabin lodging in Kimberling City, on the banks of Table Rock Lake, ranging from 2 br 1ba cabins with complete kitchens, to our 5-bedroom lodge, which can house up to 16 people. All rooms are recently remodeled, are always kept immaculate, and are always being upgraded to make your stay even more enjoyable. We supply almost everything you could possibly need for your stay. Kimberling Oaks Resort has cabins in an excellent location , inside the Port of Kimberling, right around the point from the largest marina on Table Rock Lake, with great glass-like skiing water just outside the wake buoys. Harter House Supermarket (Full service grocery store) is within a mile, and  we're only a short drive from Branson, Silver Dollar City, and all the shows and attractions the surrounding area has become famous for.   In addition to our clean, air-conditioned Table Rock Lake cabins, we offer Free wireless internet Dish TV Covered lighted, wake-free 28-foot slips with electrical hook-ups Boat rentals, Covered picnic area Sparkling pool A family fire-pit Ice Cream Parlor 16 burner community grill Large decks and barbeques at all units Lighted horseshoe pits The best boat ramp in the area   webbot bot="Include" U-Include="resortslider.html" TAG="BODY" startspan Insert to your webpage where you want to display the slider End of body section HTML codes webbot bot="Include" i-checksum="3415" endspan   The grounds slope gently down to water's edge, and plenty of shade is afforded by nearly 100 tall oaks. Wildlife is abundant here in the park-like setting of Kimberling Oaks Resort. Our covered picnic area now includes a huge community grill. Sit, grill, and dine outdoors with your group of up to 50. The picnic area is also the home of the Wednesday night movies and our famous Friday morning pancake breakfasts! (mid-June to mid-Aug) Our crystal clear, freshly remodeled pool, perfectly located between the cabins and the lake, has a turbo twister slide and lounge areas to provide hours of enjoyment for the young and young at heart. KIMBERLING OAKS RESORT is the perfect place for family vacations and reunions, honeymooners, fishermen, and animal lovers. Some pets welcome! . Kimberling Oaks Resort accepts most pets . If your pet goes out on the lake with you, is over a year old, and is a "member of the family", we want you to have him/her with you. ALL pets MUST be approved by us BEFORE they are allowed onsite. (Minimal cost based on size) Relax and enjoy life here at THE LAKE!   Kimberling Oaks Resort We look forward to providing you with the very best the Ozarks have to offer and hope you will come to visit us sometime! 31 Holiday Drive  Kimberling City, MO 65686 (417) 739-4461 TOLL FREE 1-888-779-44611 info@kimberlingoaks.com Your Hosts Chris and Sheri Coffman Click for weather forecast     webbot bot="Include" U-Include="botnav.htm" TAG="BODY" startspan 2 bedroom- 1 bath (Cabin 1) 2 bedroom- 1 bath (Cabin 2) 2 bedroom- 1 bath (Cabin 3) 2 bedroom- 1 bath (Cabin 4) 2 bedroom- 1 bath (Cabin 5) 2 bedroom- 1 bath (Cabin 6) 2 bedroom- 1 bath (Cabin 7) 2 bedroom, 2 bath (Cabin 8) 3 bedroom- 2 bath (Cabin 9) 4 bedroom- 2 bath (Cabin 10) 5 bedroom- 4 bath (Cabin 11) 4 bedroom, 3 bath (Myers Cabin) 4 bedroom, 3 bath house (Cabin 31) Studio 1 Bed (Carriage House) webbot bot="Include" i-checksum="55270" endspan End Save for Web Slices 