Kimberling – Table Rock Resorts at Kimberling /logo Home Locations Table Rock Resorts Table Rock Resorts at Kimberling Table Rock Resorts at Indian Point Table Rock Resorts at The Rocks Resort Rooms Cabana Condo 1 Bedroom Poolside Condo 2 Bedroom Poolside Condo 2 Bedroom Lakeview Condo 1 Bedroom Lakefront Condo 2 Bedroom Lakefront Condo 3 Bedroom Lakefront Condo Special Offers Boat Rentals Discount Tickets What to see Restaurants The Rocks Lakeside Grill Bridge VIew Coffee Bar News Contact .menuPort /menuHolder / btBelowLogoArea /.mainHeader Everything. Right where you need it. Enjoying Table Rock Lake and the sun has never been so easy. At Table Rock Resorts at Kimberling, you’ll find the perfect location for the most memorable vacations. Book Now GET THE BEST RATE Offers & Deals If you chose to stay with us you will enjoy modern home comforts in a traditional setting. Whether you are looking for a short weekend break or a longer holiday, we offer a range of packages that we think cater for all. Everyday ease Room amenities Table Rock Resorts at Kimberling offers a large number of Room amenities that will ease up your stay when you’re on your vacation. Free Wi-Fi Free Wi-Fi is available in the main building at Table Rock Resorts at Kimberling. Coffeemaker Coffee makers in every room with a few cups worth of coffee provided. For those needing more than just a regular cup of joe, Bridge View Coffee Bar is located on site and has all the different coffees that you might want, along with baked goods, desserts, paninis, salads, and other drinks. Concierge At Table Rock Resorts at Kimberling our Concierge team is always ready to help you plan out your vacation and set up tickets for where you want to go. Our Most Popular Condos If you chose to stay with us you will enjoy modern home comforts right on Table Rock Lake. Whether you are looking for a short weekend break or a longer holiday, we offer a range of packages that will cater for all. Room features Poolside Cabana Condo Our Cabana room is a great value for two people when you want to all the amenities of a resort for a low price. DETAILS Starting at $49 / night Room features Lakefront Condos Three Bedroom A Lakefront Condo allows you the option to walk right from your condo to the water. We suggest enjoying your morning cup of coffee on your patio as you watch the fishing boats go by. DETAILS Starting at $155 / night Room features Lakeview Condos Two Bedroom A Lakeview Condo gives you stunning views of Table Rock Lake. From your condo’s deck you can enjoy stunning sunrises and sunsets each day. DETAILS Starting at $89 / night Activities ENJOY THE RIDES & CRAFTS Silver Dollar City Table Rock Resorts at Kimberling is located only 15 minutes from Silver Dollar City, away from the hustle and bustle of the Branson, MO strip. You can get discounted Silver Dollar City tickets from Table Rock Resorts at Kimberling as well, making it that much easier to get right into the park and start having fun! ENJOY THE RIDES & CRAFTS Silver Dollar City ENJOY THE SHOWS & ATTRACTIONS Branson, MO Branson, MO is located only a dozen miles away from Table Rock Resorts at Kimberling giving you the added bonus of being right on the shores of Table Rock Lake while also close to all of the shows and attractions in Branson, MO. Contact our Front Desk to see about setting up discounted show tickets and discounted attraction tickets before you head into to town. ENJOY THE SHOWS & ATTRACTIONS Branson, MO ENJOY THE LAKE Boat Rentals With the brand new Bennington Tri-Toons with over 150HP, getting out onto the water is easy when you are staying at Table Rock Resorts at Kimberling. ENJOY THE LAKE Boat Rentals ENJOY THE FUN Fishing Table Rock Resorts at Kimberling is right on the shores of Table Rock Lake, which boasts some of the finest fishing in the Central US. With tournaments happening all over the lake throughout the year, you will see why Table Rock Lake is known for it’s fishing. ENJOY THE FUN Fishing March 2017 Jody L. A great place this was our second time.Rooms were clean and the beds were all very comfortable. My wife and sister in law both loved the gym and indoor pool. Myself and brother in law did a lot of fishing. Good docks and the view from our room was wonderful. April 2016 Jason A. Ask for a lakefront unit with a full kitchen and washer/dryer. These have been renovated. The staff was very friendly. Great if you like to fish with two piers just outside your door. Units are on three floors. We had 315 and really enjoyed it! April 2017 O8940FKcharlesh If you chose to stay with us you will enjoy modern home comforts in a traditional setting. Whether you are looking for a short weekend break or a longer holiday, we offer a range of packages that we think cater for all. IN A NUTSHELL Table Rock Resorts at Kimberling Along the shores of Table Rock Lake in Kimberling City, Table Rock Resorts at Kimberling offers multiple condo styles with resort-based amenities like pools, game room and boat dock. READ MORE Address 11863 State Hwy 13 Kimberling City, MO 65686 Phone (417) 739-3777 Email info@kimberling.com News & Blog Keep up to date with what is going on at Table Rock Resorts at Kimberling. Follow us Find out what’s hot and new, and get discounts for being a loyal customer and a Table Rock Resorts at Kimberling fan. /boldthemes_content /contentHolder /contentWrap Copyright by Table Rock Resorts at Kimberling 2016. All rights reserved. /copy Home Rooms Special Offers Loyalty Program Boat Rentals Tickets Restaurants About us Contact News Privacy Policy /boldRow /port /pageWrap Start of StatCounter Code End of StatCounter Code BEGIN: TRACKING CODE MANAGER BY INTELLYWP.COM IN FOOTER// Default Statcounter code for Kimberling.com https://www.kimberling.com End of Statcounter Code END: https://wordpress.org/plugins/tracking-code-manager IN FOOTER// Mobile Call Now and Map Buttons Call Us Now Directions /Mobile Call Now and Map Buttons 