Kona Bayview Inn Bed and Breakfast | South Kona Hawaii Home Reservations Guest Room Tiki Guest Room Honu Guest Room Hula Guest Room Big Island Attractions Big Island Zipline and Helicopter Tours Hawaii by Land Hawaii by Water Local Farmers Markets Where to eat? Gallery of Kona Bayview Inn Contact Directions & Parking Location/Map The Big Island Blog News Letters E Komo Mai Welcome to Kona Bayview Inn: Bed and Breakfast Hawaii Join us to reconnect with nature. Enjoy the peace and tranquility of Kona Bayview Inn Bed and Breakfast Hawaii on the Big Island. Wake up to the songs of the Saffron Finch, House Finch, Hawaiian Cardinal, Java Sparrows and other tropical birds. At our Hawaiian B&B, you will feast on a variety of local fruits followed by a hot home cooked specialty breakfast all served on the lanai. Accompanied with breakfast is award winning 100% Kona coffee.  Relax in one of our three spacious rooms each with a private bath. All guest rooms have sliding doors opening to the lanai with sun lit views of Kealakekua Bay and cool tropical breezes. The lanai is comfortably furnished all the way down to bed and breakfast Hawaii style reading materials. There is a coffee machine and microwave available for use. Stroll through joining mango, coffee, papaya and coconut plantations adjacent to the property.  Save Save Save Save Save Save Save Save Save Save Kona Bayview Inn: Bed and Breakfast Hawaii The local grocery store,  Choicemart , is five miles from Kona Bayview Inn and has a great variety of organic foods, beer, wines and other beverages. There are also several  Farmers Markets  in the area where you can get fresh island grown produce and local handmade crafts. For the adventurous, feel free to explore the ten acre macadamia nut orchard and help yourself to fresh delicious nuts. A nut cracker is available on the lanai. Snorkeling gear is available for those that want to explore the underwater life at Two Step Beach located just five miles from Kona Bayview Inn. Other nearby snorkeling locations include Captain Cooks Monument at Kealakekua Bay  and Ho’okena Beach. There are many additional snorkeling locations around the island but these are the Island’s best! Free high-speed wireless internet (WiFi) is available in each room and on the lanai.  Curious about the current weather conditions? You can view our web cam and weather station here.   MEET YOUR HOSTS: Who are we anyway? Thomas Sharon Our Mascots Tigger Shasta Maui & Moana Guest Rooms Each of the guest rooms has its own access to the lanai where gorgeous panoramic views of the Pacific Ocean await.  The rooms are equipped with everything you need for your stay including beach towels and mats, a personal size ice chest, mini fridge, beach bag and a full bathroom. Relax, let down your hair, put up your feet, and enjoy the natural serenity of the Big Island. Tiki Room View Room Details Honu Room View Room Details Hula Room View Room Details Facts About the Property at Kona Bayview Inn When you visit Kona Bayview Inn, feel free to explore the ten acres of our macadamia nut orchard. In addition to the mac nuts, we have planted a variety of new trees in the orchard. So far in 2018, we have planted lemon, lime, banana, cocoa, cinnamon, mango, abiu and a bunch of lilikoi vines (passion fruit).  Below are just a few fun facts about the property that you may find interesting. 4 Number of Cats 32 Varieties of Edible Vegetation 450 Number of Macadamia Nut Trees 750 Feet Above Sea Level Facebook Pinterest Twitter Yelp Instagram Designed with Aloha Back to Top ngg_resource_manager_marker 