Home - Konstantin Hotel, Samarkand Home About us Our rooms Services Restaurant Gallery Book Now Contacts About Hotel Konstantin Hotel «Konstantin» welcomes you! Hotel «Konstantin» is ideally located in the modern part of the city and welcomes its guests with 40 comfortable rooms, equipped with modern technology, satellite TV, air conditioners, mini bars, and well-equipped bathrooms. Hotel guests will enjoy sauna and indoor and outdoor swimming pools, fitness center, fax and internet, laundry facilities for 24 hours. Read More Our hotel READ MORE Our Services READ MORE Our Restaurant READ MORE Our Rooms READ MORE Single Our standard single rooms are perfect for those who are traveling alone. Double Comfortable double rooms are suitable for two persons and have either a double bed or two single beds. Triple Comfortable and light rooms provide three single beds (or a double and a single bed) Suite The hotel’s spacious suite is suitable for those who want to stay a little out of the ordinary. Tripadvisor reviews... Cliff, Canada „I wish to thank you and your staff for the excellent service provided during our recent stay in Samarkand. My family and I stayed at your hotel on three different occasions in August, and we found your staff to be very courteous and helpful.“ Corina B, Bucharest „Nice hotel with good food and good location. Free wifi and a supermarket across the street. The staff at the reception very nice helping everyone with the luggages and all the informations. A special remark for Umid that was one of the best receptionist I ever meet. Nice swimingpool.“ TravelinAlan, Los Angeles „Older hotel, but very well kept+big room+air con and fridge+good breakfast included+nice pool+very helpful, friendly staff+good location. Only problem=No internet connection in my room first night, no problem second night.“ adorable_nyc, New York „We stayed 2 nights in this hotel. It was a nice surprise, our room was large and roomy. Third floor without elevator but a very easy assend. Good breakfast, included But the best part was the stuff. Everybody is extremely nice friendly and helpful. I recommend this hotel without hesitation.“ Itzhak Z, Israel „The hotel is well located near city center You can take a taxi any place for 1-2 dollars. It is a modern hotel with specious and comfortable rooms. Rooms are spotless clean with good air condition. Breakfast was good with a lot of choice. Hotel staff were very polite and helpful.“ Hasmil Z, Petaling Jaya „Stayed for 1 night in June 2014. Built like a boutique hotel, beautiful and very cosy and surrounded by greens. Room size was adequate for family. The whole hotel looks very well maintained. Staff service was very good. Breakfast spread was good too. Recommended.“ Google + Tripadvisor Booking.com Copyright © 2019  Hotel Konstantin Home About us Our rooms Services Restaurant Gallery Book Now Contacts 