Skip to main content
Search formSearch 
Flickr
Twitter
Facebook
HOME
THE LODGE
AVAILABILITY
VIRTUAL TOURS
ACTIVITIES
HISTORY
OWNER
CONTACT
Big Bear Lakefront Lodge - Lagonita Lodge
Lakefront Condominium-Style Accommodations
From our on-site amenities to the many recreational amenities that are just outside our front door, Lagonita Lodge invites you to settle in and enjoy your mountain getaway.

1
2
3
4
Previous
Next

 
Explore!
Four Seasons of Fun
Big Bear Resort Lagonita Lodge is conveniently located in the center of it all – right on the Lake, moments from Village shops and dining options, minutes from Snow Summit and Bear Mountain resorts, access to miles of hiking and mountain biking trails.
Click here for a calendar of events.


Take the Tour!
Check out the
360° Tour
Inspired by family and friends, Lagonita Lodge’s condominium-style guest rooms and mountain appeal are comfortably casual with the added convenience of amenities include complimentary wireless, full kitchens, a calendar full of resort activities and more. Take the Tour.


Book Online
Start planning your
vacation today!
Click here to begin your Big Bear Resort experience. Lagonita Lodge offers guests 1 and 2 bedroom options; each comfortably furnished unit features a gas-burning fireplace, full kitchen, living and dining area and private deck or patio. Book Now!

 

Welcome to Lagonita Lodge
Big Bear Resort and Lakefront LodgeRelax. Explore. Renew.
Award-winning Lagonita Lodge is Big Bear Lake’s perfect getaway resort. As a premier Big Bear Lakefront Lodge and Resort, Lagonita’s prime location on the south shore of Big Bear Lake offers guests an ideal setting whether it’s for a weekend or a week. Spend time with family, friends or a romantic partner, the Lodge’s condominium-style rooms provide the space and comfort to enjoy your time away from home.

Lagonita Lodge is located in the San Bernardino Mountains, just a short 2 ½ to 3 hour drive from most major Southern California and Western Nevada locations including Los Angeles, Orange County, San Diego and Las Vegas. Big Bear Lake is serviced by Ontario International Airport.

 

Big Bear Lake Boating
California Boating Card Required
During your visit to Big Bear be sure to know the new Boating Regulations in place. As of 2018, boaters have a mandatory boating safety education law that will be phased in by age each year. For more information please click here.

Contact Us
Lagonita Lodge
183 Lagunita Lane/PO Box 24
Big Bear Lake, CA 92315
Front Desk: 909·866·6531
Owner & Guest Services : 866·866·6531
Live Chat
Reservations
Association Administrator
Current Weather
Big Bear Lake
Sky condition: Clear Sky
Temperature: 79 F (26 C)
Wind: West @ 4 mph
Pressure: 30.03 inches
Visibility: 7 miles
Humidity: 47%
Copyright © 2012 • Lagonita Lodge is professionally managed by Alderwood Resort Management, a division of The Alderwood Group • Privacy Policy & Terms •  