Lai-Thai Guesthouse – Lai-Thai Guest House Skip to content Submit Close search Home Rooms & Rates Tours & Rentals Coffee Contact Us Home Rooms & Rates Tours & Rentals Coffee Contact Us BEGIN content_for_index In the heart of Old Town Book Now Book Direct! Booking with us directly always gurantees the best price  Complimentary breakfast when booking through our website  Need to change dates? No problem, have better control and flexibility  Rest and Relax Enjoy our private pool during your stay Perfect location Close to Tha Phae Gate and Night Bazaars Explore Chiang Mai Ask our tour manager for tour schedules Authentic Thai Cuisine Enjoy Thai, Chinese, and Western Cuisine in our Open Air Restaurant Pause slideshow Play slideshow Rest and Relax Enjoy our private pool during your stay Perfect location Close to Tha Phae Gate and Night Bazaars Explore Chiang Mai Ask our tour manager for tour schedules Authentic Thai Cuisine Enjoy Thai, Chinese, and Western Cuisine in our Open Air Restaurant Standard Shared Bathroom Bedrooms with shared bathrooms have two configurations,  two (2) twin beds or one (1) queen bed. All Rooms are air-conditioned, furnished with bamboo walls equipped with a cable TV and minibar.  Book Now Standard Room Our Standard Rooms offer private bathrooms with private hot/cold shower facilities. We have two (2) twin beds or one (1) queen bed configurations for all room types. All Rooms are air-conditioned, furnished with bamboo walls equipped with a cable TV and minibar.  Book Now Deluxe Room Deluxe Rooms offer even more space with private bathrooms with hot/cold shower facilities. We have two (2) twin bed or one (1) queen bed configurations for all room types.  All Rooms are air-conditioned, furnished with bamboo walls equipped with a cable TV and minibar.  Book Now Location Lai-Thai Guesthouse Lai-Thai Guest House Address: โรงแรมลายไทยเกสท์เฮาส์, Thanon Kotchasarn, Amphoe Mueang Chiang Mai, Chang Wat Chiang Mai, Thailand Get directions END content_for_index © 2019, Lai-Thai Guest House Powered by Shopify © 2019, Lai-Thai Guest House Powered by Shopify Use left/right arrows to navigate the slideshow or swipe left/right if using a mobile device choosing a selection results in a full page refresh press the space key then arrow keys to make a selection 