Home - Lake Inn at Sunapee Navigation Lake Inn at Sunapee A Room with A View Home Main Specials Rooms & Rates Reservations Attractions Policies Directions /#side-nav /.menus Return to Content #content Starts #main Starts Home  to The Lake Inn at Mt. Sunapee 12 ROOMS – ALL WITH A VIEW OF LAKE SUNAPEE OPEN ALL YEAR ! ! ! “The Hospitality of an Inn, Hidden in a Motel” Nestled into the hillside, The Lake Inn at Mt. Sunapee, is located at the base of Mount Sunapee with breathtaking views of Lake Sunapee. All 12 motel rooms overlook Lake Sunapee and the State Beach. Rooms are clean and comfortable with king, queen, or extra-long full beds. Many guests inquire about our bedding saying it was “the best night’s sleep”.  “Beyond Down” alternative down pillows in all rooms!! We are a short drive to many area colleges and campus activities: Colby-Sawyer College in New London, Dartmouth College in Hanover, New England College in Henniker, and Proctor Academy in Andover. Stay with us during parents weekends, when attending sporting and cultural events or for those special graduation festivities. Whatever your interests, the Dartmouth/Lake Sunapee Region has something to offer in any season.  The State Beach, public boat launch and children’s playground are situated around the corner for year-round fun. Winter activities include alpine skiing and riding, cross country skiing, ice boating, ice fishing, skating, sledding, snowmobiling and snowshoeing. Alpine Skiing and riding is available at Mt. Sunapee Resort (2 minutes), Pat’s Peak (20 minutes) and Ragged Mountain (36 minutes).  Pat’s Peak offers night skiing and tubing. Spring into shape with the annual Chicken Farmer 5K Road Race in Newbury.  The flat, fast and fabulous course begins in the historic South Newbury Village and is USATF certified.  50% of the profits are donated to the Norris Cotton Cancer Center.  Hike the trails at Mount Sunapee Resort, Newbury Trail, Andrew Brook Trail, Monadnock Sunapee Greenway Trail or the SRK Greenway Trail which is a 75-mile loop of hiking trails that circle the Lake Sunapee area and connects Sunapee, Ragged and Kearsarge Mountains. Summer brings visitors who enjoy outdoor activities including biking, boating, fishing, golfing, hiking, concerts, picnics and swimming.  Want to be indoors, go antique shopping, head to the Tilton Outlets or attend a performance at the New London Barn Playhouse which is housed in an historic converted barn and is one of the oldest, continuously operating summer theaters in the country.  The theater features professional Broadway actors alongside emerging young artists in an intimate, air-conditioned setting with no seat more than 30 feet from the stage.  Two cruises go out on Lake Sunapee – the MV Sunapee afternoon cruise at 2:00 p.m. or the MV Kearsarge dinner cruise. Spend all or part of the day at The Fells Historic Estate & Gardens in Newbury and, even better, ask about our half price tickets. If golfing is your game, through a Stay & Play partnership with Eastman Golf Links, you can stay with us and golf at discounted prices. In autumn we continue to enjoy many of the summer activities along with New Hampshire foliage at its best. Or, if you prefer, just relax on your porch and enjoy the view. Whatever your desire, the Lake Sunapee region has something for everyone. So come stay with us – it will be a memorable experience!    /.entry /.post /#main Specials JUNE/JULY WEEKDAY SPECIAL! Specials Available Year-Round Fun   Call for availability and reservations 603-763-2701 info@lakeinnsunapee.com The Lake Inn at Mt. Sunapee 1349 Route 103 Newbury, NH 03255   /#sidebar /#main-sidebar-container /#content © 2019 Lake Inn at Sunapee. All Rights Reserved. Website by Beyond Design /#inner-wrapper /#wrapper /.fix 