LakesideCabin.com home of the The Boathouse at East Point Weekly Rates, Summer Cabin, Rental, Lake Coeur d'Alene Summer Cabin, North Idaho, Vacation Rental Lakeside Cabin, East Point, Boathouse, North Idaho, Spokane Summer Rental, Lakeside Cabin, Private Dock, Fishing, Swimming, Weekly Rates Idaho, Summer Rental, Beach, Boating, Beach House Lake Coeur d'Alene, East Point, Spokane, Summer Cabin The Boathouse, East Point, Lake Coeur d'Alene, Honeymoon, Idaho Lakeside Beach House, Private Beach, Private Dock, North Idaho, Summer Rental Harrison, Idaho, Summer Rental, Beach House Lake Coeur d'Alene, Idaho, Harrison, Rental Cabin Rockford Bay, Blackrock Bay, Furnished Rental Cabin, Summer Vacation St. Maries, Fishing, Boating, Swimming, St Joe River, Panhandle Idaho, Rental Spokane, Eastern Washington, Weekly Summer Rental, Lakeside Cabin Secluded Lakeside Cabin, Weekly Rates, Coeur d'Alene North Idaho, Secluded Cabin, Private Beach, Dock LakesideCabin.com home of the The Boathouse at East Point LakesideCabin.com home of the The Boathouse at East Point Welcome to LakesideCabin.com , home of... The Boathouse at East Point The Boathouse on Lake Coeur d'Alene is a summer vacation rental cabin in North Idaho, 90 minute's drive from Spokane, Washington. This secluded lakeside beach house has easy car and boat access, with modern amenities and everything you need to have a great summer vacation. Just bring the beach towels and groceries. The Boathouse is just a shout away from the lake's shore, so you can enjoy the lake view from the comfort of the spacious living room or the wrap around deck. You can enjoy swimming, fishing, and boating from the private beach and dock. Cruise down the St Joe River to St. Maries or play one of several world class golf courses within an easy drive. From nearby Harrison you can catch the Trail of the Coeur d'Alenes bike trail for a smooth scenic ride completely free of cars. Travelling northward by car or boat you can explore the river valley up to Cataldo and beyond, or head south and east to discover the unique small towns and rolling landscapes of the Idaho panhandle. Click here to learn more.     