Lakeview House & Estate Killarney - Luxury Vacation Rental - Castle Rental Home Estate Living Bedrooms Local Area Whiskey Rates Rates1 Terms & Conditions Visitors Book Contact Welcome to Lakeview House & Estate Lakeview House & Estate is a unique private luxury mansion to rent, situated on the lakeshore of the world famous Lakes of Killarney with stunning ever-changing views of water, islands and mountains. Steeped in history and character, the House has a long history linked to the family of Daniel O'Connell (a huge figure in Ireland's 19th century history, known as "The Liberator"), and to the famed MacCarthy clan. It is filled with original and unique elegant furniture and paintings, while having all the modern features required for a really luxurious holiday. The House is situated in its own private 100 acre estate, protected by trees. For further information and to book, please contact us on +44 7956 317030 or email us using the form on the Contact page or by following this link to: enquiries@lakeviewkillarney.com This is what previous guests have said about Lakeview House & Estate..... Wow! Just Wow! John W, Melbourne The house has a wonderful intimacy but with plenty of room for everyone to have their privacy too, which was perfect when we had friends to stay as guests. All the bedrooms were very comfortable and the owners have clearly spent a great deal of time and thought installing tasteful modern bathrooms and kitchen fittings Jennifer D, France ... wowed by Lakeview House. The house was immaculate and very well serviced by the staff - everything exceeded our (high) expectations Frank M, Arizona We've travelled a fair bit over the years but have never stayed anywhere that had our jaws dropping as much as this - the views that change constantly from ominous grey to Mediterranean blue to red sunset are every bit as engrossing as the photos suggest. David J, London We all miss your amazing home. It's been our only topic of conversation for a month and we can't wait to return! Eric V, New York   A: Fossa, Killarney, Co. Kerry, Ireland E: enquiries@lakeviewkillarney.com M: +44 7956 317030 Sitemap Home Estate Living Bedrooms Local Area Whiskey Rates Rates1 Terms & Conditions Visitors Book Contact © 2017 Lakeview House & Estate Off Canvas Menu Home Estate Living Bedrooms Local Area Whiskey Rates Rates1 Terms & Conditions Visitors Book Contact 