Laurel Inn | Salinas, California Google Tag Manager (noscript) End Google Tag Manager (noscript) ^ Phone: (831) 449 - 2474 Laurel Inn & Conference Center birdeye facebook-logo tripadvisor phone logo Home Conference Center Request Information Rooms Amenities Groups Local Area Blog Gallery Contact ☰ Home Conference Center Request Information Rooms Amenities Groups Local Area Blog Gallery Contact Book Thank you for visiting our new Site. Our Site is still under construction and the page you are looking for is not available yet. For more information, please contact us at (831) 449-2474 or email us at reservations@laurelinnmotel.com X home Comfortable Oasis in the Salinas Valley Laurel Inn & Conference Center makes the perfect home-base for adventure in the Central Coast Region, close to the famous Monterey Bay, Big Sur and more. Come and play! Learn More Comfortable Rooms At Incredible Rates Enjoy all the comforts of home at our Salinas Inn with fantastic in-room amenities and affordable nightly rates, including special offers and group discounts. Learn More Escape For The Weekend With The Perfect Salinas Getaway Explore the central coast region of Monterey County and relax with stunning amenities at Laurel Inn & Conference Center. Learn More State-Of-The-Art Conference Center In Salinas Host your next social or corporate function at our impressive Conference Center for an effortless event experience. Our versatile space is perfect for up to 100 guests. Learn More Complimentary Hot Breakfast Wake up after a great night’s sleep and start your day off on the right foot with a delicious complimentary breakfast served daily. Central Location Your perfect home base for exploring the central Californian coast, from Monterey Bay to Big Sur. New Restaurant Coming Soon Coming soon - our new onsite Mexican Seafood Restaurant! Check back for more details! Group Bookings Reserve rooms for your large corporate or social group and enjoy an exclusive discount off your nightly room rates. Complimentary Breakfast CentralLocation New Restaurant Coming Soon Group Bookings Welcome to Laurel Inn Your Home Away From Home Let us be the first to welcome you to Salinas, California! With state-of-the-art conference facilities, convenient hotel features and pleasant rooms filled with convenient amenities for a comfortable stay, Laurel Inn & Conference Center is the perfect home-base for your central California adventure. One of the top hotels near Salinas Muni Airport, we offer a delicious complimentary breakfast, free high speed Wi-Fi, the onsite Black Bear Diner, a heated pool and helpful, friendly staff — what more could you want? End your search for hotels in Salinas, California and come stay with us! Reserve your room online today for fast, easy and secure booking, or contact us for direct assistance. We’ll see you soon! Welcome to Laurel Inn Your Home Away From Home Let us be the first to welcome you to Salinas, California! With state-of-the-art conference facilities, convenient hotel features and pleasant rooms filled with convenient amenities for a comfortable stay, Laurel Inn & Conference Center is the perfect home-base for your central California adventure. One of the top hotels near Salinas Muni Airport, we offer a delicious complimentary breakfast, free high speed Wi-Fi, the onsite Black Bear Diner, a heated pool and helpful, friendly staff — what more could you want? End your search for hotels in Salinas, California and come stay with us! Reserve your room online today for fast, easy and secure booking, or contact us for direct assistance. We’ll see you soon! Rave Reviews “This is the place to stay. Been staying here for over 20 years. The rooms are comfortable and fairly large.” - coyote2ears “Great hotel! Stayed in a king room for 2 nights. Bed was very comfy & large & clean … would definitely stay here again! Salinas is a cool little town w friendly people!” - Cody M “Motels-style accommodation, everything looks clean and well maintained. Includes coffee maker, hairdryer and fridge. Good Wi-Fi and usual continental breakfast included. Would definitely recommend this place if need a clean, reasonably comfy stopover near Monterey.” - Serena W “We stayed one night but it was a lovely big room with microwave and fridge. Very clean bathroom. Very quiet, perfect place for a lie-in.” - Julie H “The room was clean and the beds were comfortable. We were on the back side of the complex, and it was quiet. Breakfast room was welcoming, and a variety of breakfast options were available. This was a great place for our 1 night stay.” - Kathy P prev next Conference Center Laurel Inn & Conference Center Plan for success! Host your next meeting at our versatile new Conference Center at Laurel Inn Salinas, California, fully equipped with state-of-the-art presentation technology and professional event planning services. Ideal for small meetings, training seminars, corporate events and social functions, our venue meets and exceeds your every need. 801 West Laurel Drive Salinas, California  93906 Phone: (831) 449-2474 Fax: (831) 449-2476 Email: reservations@laurelinnsalinas.com reservations@laurelinnmotel.com Contact Us NAME Email message SEND INQUIRY Loading... Get Directions Book Now Tap to call Amenities Your home away from home hot tub pool business Center meeting Room (4) pet friendly wifi air conditioning parking complimentary hot breakfast black bear diner Amenities Your home away from home hot tub business Center pool meeting Room (4) pet friendly wifi air conditioning parking complimentary hot breakfast black bear diner Home Conference Center Rooms Local Area Blog ADA Compliance Sitemap Contact powered by BirdEye Follow Us facebook birdeye tripadvisor © LAUREL INN & CONFERENCE CENTER. HOTEL WEBSITE DESIGN & INTERNET MARKETING BY DIGITAL HOSPITALITY © LAUREL INN & CONFERENCE CENTER. HOTEL WEBSITE DESIGN & INTERNET MARKETING BY DIGITAL HOSPITALITY 