Laurel Fork Rustic Retreat Cabins All Cabins Arabian Nights | 1br Laurel Place | 2br Laurel Cove | 3br Misty Morning | 3br Second Nest | 3br Turkey Scratch | 3br Laurel Bluff | 4br Pointe View Lodge | 5+br Blog About About Us Testimonials Contact Laurel Fork Rustic Retreat Cabins All Cabins Arabian Nights | 1br Laurel Place | 2br Laurel Cove | 3br Misty Morning | 3br Second Nest | 3br Turkey Scratch | 3br Laurel Bluff | 4br Pointe View Lodge | 5+br Blog About About Us Testimonials Contact style below blocks out the mobile nav toggle only when nav is loaded Create index sections VACATION CABIN RENTALS AT THE BIG SOUTH FORK View All Cabins   “ Deluxe cabins at Laurel Fork Rustic Retreat are just as nice as - and nearly half the price of - similar cabins in the Smokies ” — Southern Living     END .sqs-gallery-meta-container We can't give you the whole world; just the best parts   "A sunrise from a front porch swing • A myriad of wildflowers blanketing a hilltop • A blazing carpet of fall colors beneath a clear blue sky • A relaxing train ride through the wondrous outdoors • Stepping back in history to a simpler time • Catching the 'big one' that got away • The gentle mist of a cascading waterfall cooling your face • Sunlight dancing on a crystal stream" (Big South Fork Country)   Amenities More than just a vacation getaway.   "We've been here three times and love it. The cabin is always very clean and we appreciate that. We love hiking and biking so the hot tub after a long hike or ride is fabulous! It is great to have a peaceful place to come and relax. We will be back again!" - guest from Nolensville, TN See What Others Are Saying   Cabin Amenities More than just a cabin Whether you're looking for a cabin with a hot tub and fireplace for a romantic weekend getaway, a pet-friendly retreat with on-site stables for a week of activity, or built-in Wi-Fi and game tables for a family gathering, we have what you're looking for on your next vacation getaway! view all cabins Attractions Nearby sights and sounds Location, location, location! Location is a huge advantage to staying at the Laurel Fork Rustic Retreat . In addition to our own amenities you have access to some of Tennessee's greatest outdoor attractions including: the Big South Fork NRRA , the Big South Fork Scenic Railway , the Sgt. Alvin C. York State Historic Park , and Pickett State Park . read more   Activities Outdoor Activities in the Big South Fork The Big South Fork National River & Recreation Area is quickly gaining recognition as a destination for horseback riding , mountain biking , paddling , and many more outdoor activities. In fact, the national park is also recognized as one of the region's best whitewater paddling destinations, with late winter and spring being the primary paddling season on the river. read more Family Owned Vacation Rentals & Property Management We are a family owned and operated business focused on serving the lodging needs of the visitors to The Big South Fork National River & Recreation Area, Pickett State Park, Daniel Boone National Forest and the Upper Cumberland Region. read more Backdrop Experiencing the Tennessee Mountains   Visit the Tennessee mountains at the Big South Fork National River & Recreation Area  on your next vacation getaway. Reserve one of our luxury log cabins . Most of our cabins are located in the private gated community of Laurel Fork Rustic Retreat, bordering the Big South Fork. However some properties are located outside of the gated development but still within close proximity to the Big South Fork. You can't get any closer than that!       Your next vacation awaits. View Availabilities → Back to Top Activities ATV Riding Hiking Horseback Riding Mountain Biking Paddling Attractions Big South Fork NRRA Big South Fork Scenic Railway Pickett State Park Sgt. Alvin C. York State Historic Park 127 Corridor Sale Reservations Policies and FAQ Laurel Fork Rustic Retreat, 1364 Obey Blevins Rd, Jamestown, TN, 38556, United States (423)286-5135 Website by Huson Creative 