Luxury Lefkada Villas Sophia & Enodia | Lefkada Villa Greece Google Analytics start Google Analytics end Availability & Rates Home Our Villas Villa Sophia Villa Enodia Access Gallery Contact Home Our Villas Villa Sophia Villa Enodia Access Gallery Contact Villa Enodia with Breathtaking View! 6-10 people, 3 bedrooms, 3 bathrooms, 250m2 775€-3100€ per week Enquiry Villa Sophia, Luxury Villa with heated pool! 12-15 people, 5 bedooms, 5 bathrooms, 300m 2 1250€-4500€ per week Enquiry SUMPTUOUS LUXURY MEETS ELEGANCE Offering Ultimate Majestic Views VILLA ENODIA Take advantage of the quite dramatic views that stretch over fields, valleys, olive groves and beyond to the most spectacular sea view. MORE VILLA SOPHIA A flight of steps descends to a large private kidney-shaped infinity swimming pool (80m²), surrounded with wooden decking. MORE LEFKADA ISLAND Lefkada is well known for its paradise beaches, with the blonde sand and the turquoise water. They have been awarded with blue flags. MORE GUEST REVIEWS Lefkada Villas is absolutely perfect. Hartwarming hospitality, fabulous view over Sea and the mountains, lovely terras and great pool. This was for us the best hotel experience we ever had. MJHPJansen - tripadvisor.com I have discovered this year, in my favorite Greek island, Lefkada, the perfect hotel – Lefkada Villas. And when I say perfect, I really mean this. I, my husband and my baby boy Tudor found here the veritable Greek hospitality. Mia C - tripadvisor.com We were on holiday with our baby and the staff was very friendly and helpful. They really tried to make our holiday special. I would recommend this hotel to couples and also to families. Urska C - tripadvisor.com LEFKADA VILLAS IN GREECE Designed exclusively for unforgettable moments ABOUT OUR VILLAS The exquisite fixtures and furnishings are blended with local culture and antiques. Wooden floor exposed beams and local stone combine to create a luxury atmosphere in this comfortable accommodations. It’s rare to find a house of this size and quality in the Greek islands. View More PHOTO GALLERY Discover our Villas and Lefkada Island through our Photo Gallery. Explore our wide range of onsite amenities and preview the comforts that await in our villas. It might just inspire you to book your stay at the Lefkada Villas today so you can experience it all first hand. View More Drymonas 31080 Lefkada Island, Greece Tel :(+30) 6932 019 119 Email: info@lefkada-villas.gr Reg. No: 0831K91000398001 QUICK MENU Access Gallery Reservation Contact OUR VILLAS Villa Sophia Villa Enodia Find us on Map © 2018 Lefkada Villas | Privacy Policy | Powered by Who is Who Group Google Code for Remarketing Tag ------------------------------------------------ Remarketing tags may not be associated with personally identifiable information or placed on pages related to sensitive categories. See more information and instructions on how to setup the tag on: http://google.com/ads/remarketingsetup ------------------------------------------------- We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. Accept Read more 