Les Touches - Home Home Start here Anjou Bonnezeaux Chenin Special Offers Booking Enquiry Car Hire Contact Us Welcome to Les Touches Sandi and Mike are pleased to offer you  3 well appointed guest homes in the heart of the Loire Valley Booking enquiry Anjou is housed in our caringly renovated two storey barn.  Its metre thick walls and double glazed windows and doors offers a cool respite from the summer heat or a snug retreat for all other times of the year. Read More Bonnezeaux, originally a stable, with its metre thick walls and double glazed windows and doors provides a cool respite from the summer heat or a snug retreat for early or late year holidays. Read more   Chenin, originally a wine cellar, with its metre thick walls and double glazed windows and doors provides a cool respite from the summer heat and enjoy i ts covered terrace at the back with afternoon and evening sun. Read More Key features and attractions  Check service, facilities, availability and book today. Swimming Pool Covered and heated swimming pool. Games Rooms For kids as much as adults enjoy a great games with the family and friends Childrens play area We offer a safe play area for children where their imaginations can fly free  BioParc Enjoy a great a day out with the family and be emerged with all animals of the world. Discover "Les Chateaux de La Loire" Located in the heart of the Loire Valley, only from a short drive the most spectacular chateaux that France has to offer. Local Markets  Only a few kilometres from us, explore the wonders of French markets, get a real taste of France and its local produce.   “Our first impressions on arrival were ‘Stunning’, absolutely marvellous, and ‘the perfect place to chill out” “Having stayed in a number of French Gites this is by far and away the most comfortable and welcoming that we have experienced.” “The adults enjoyed the pool, the wine and relief that the children enjoyed themselves so much.  Gite superb, animals brilliant” “Excellent accommodation and location, a  very high standard and well maintained.  Best Property we have ever been in” Do you Follow Us? joomla vector social icons Contact Us Tel: +44 (0)203 384 6125 (UK) Tel: +33 (0)2 22 06 86 67 (France) Useful Links Terms and Conditions Contact Us Swimming pool Games Room Privacy Policy We Are Here seperate Copyright ©  2018 Les Touches, all rights reserved. Go to top 