Lilly's Island | Hotel in Antiparos | Accommodation Rooms Antiparos Skip to content standard logo mobile logo sticky header logo Home The Hotel Facilities Location Antiparos Contact & Bookings Home The Hotel Facilities Location Antiparos Contact & Bookings Facebook Google+ Call Us Today! +30 22840 61411 pantelis@lillysisland.com Loading... Lilly's Island Enjoy Your Stay To The Fullest Extent Rest & Relaxation We're Here To Help You Enjoy Your Stay in Antiparos Home admin 2019-06-12T15:27:00+03:00 If you are looking for Antiparos hotels, Antiparos houses for rent or any type of accommodation, Lilly’s Island is the ideal place for you to enjoy Antiparos! Relaxing Pleasure Lilly’s Island Hotel offers visitors to the beautiful Cycladic island of Antiparos, in Greece, a wide range of accommodation with something for everyone. The hotel offers rooms, apartments and studios arranged around a lush green garden with swimming pool – moments away from the heart of bustling Antiparos Village. Comfortable and stylish accommodation on Antiparos Island, Greece. STAY WITH COMFORT The Hotel Lilly’s Island is an oasis of peace and tranquility on the outskirts of beautiful Antiparos village. The hotel has been welcoming guests to their apartments and rooms since 2001. DISCOVER MORE STAY & RELAX Facilities Lilly’s Island offers a wide range of accommodation from which to enjoy the charms of beautiful Antiparos island. There are five studios, three apartments, four double rooms and two independent houses, a beautiful green garden, one of the largest on Antiparos Island. DISCOVER MORE CENTRAL BUT QUIET Location Lilly’s Island is on a quiet street on the outskirts of Antiparos village. It’s around a 5 minute walk from the port of Antiparos Island, and just 50m from the main street where you can find shops and restaurants to to suit every taste and pocket. DISCOVER MORE HEAVEN ON EARTH About Antiparos Where beauty well exceeds its size Antiparos is a small Greek island located at the heart of the Cyclades. Its position is just one nautical mile from Paros and is known for it’s special Cycladic beauty. DISCOVER MORE fusion-row #main CONTACT Antiparos town, 84007 Antiparos, Greece +30 22840 61411 +30 6937 445433 pantelis@lillysisland.com SITEMAP Home The Hotel Facilities Location Antiparos Contact & Bookings Get Social fusion-columns fusion-row fusion-footer-widget-area © Copyright   Lilly's Island Antiparos. All Rights Reserved. Powered by WAYMORE Digital Media Art . fusion-fusion-copyright-content fusion-row #footer fusion-footer wrapper 