Cottonwood Arizona hotel - Little Daisy Motel Serving Sedona and Cottonwood AZ end #logo-area Home Page About Us Motel Policies View Rooms Links Directions Contact Us end #menu-content end #menu-right end #menu Home Page end #category-name end .container end #top Our motel is located in Cottonwood, AZ. If you are planning a get-a-way to Sedona or the Verde Valley, contact us for great room rates. We would love to have you! For Reservations Call: Tel: 928-634-7865 Fax: 928-639-3447 We do not accept reservations over email, but we do encourage you to email us for more information.  We value our customers and their privacy, and because of sensitive credit card information, we do not have our reservation system connected to the internet. Look for us on booking.com!       Free Coffee Free Local Calls Cable TV Kitchenettes Available Larger rooms for special groups Dogs Welcome Free Wireless Internet Available   THE VERDE VALLEY - AN EXCITING AND UNIQUE AREA OF AWESOME ARIZONA!!! Sedona and Oak Creek Canyon, Cottonwood, Clarkdale, Jerome, Camp Verde, Lake Montezuma, Rimrock, McGuireville, Cornville, Page Springs... Two million years ago, the valley was land of lush grasslands and marshes, the home of prehistoric land animals and airborne creatures. This beautiful area has become a haven for photographers, outdoorsmen and nature lovers. The valley is used extensively as a setting for many movies, commercials and TV productions. Outdoor recreation such as swimming, tennis, golf, horseback riding, fishing, camping and picnicking is virtually "out the back door". ALL OF THIS AND MORE WITHIN 30 MINUTES OF THE LITTLE DAISY MOTEL! end .entry end #left-area end #content-area end .container end #content end #search-form end .footer-widget Little Daisy Motel 34 South Main Street Cottonwood, AZ 86326 Tel: 928-634-7865 end .footer-widget ° /.awesome-weather-current-temp /.awesome-weather-forecast Weather from OpenWeatherMap /.awesome-weather-wrap end .footer-widget end #footer-widgets Home Page About Us Motel Policies View Rooms Links Directions Contact Us Site Design by: Affordable Web Design end #footer-bottom end .container end #footer ngg_resource_manager_marker Powered by WPtouch: 4.3.33 