Llangollen Railway - Experience rail travel how it used to be 01978 860979 Opening times: Every day 9am-5pm Corwen Development News How to get here Accessibility #topbar-wrap Llangollen Railway .site-branding-wrap .site-branding #header-banner #hamburger-menu Home Plan your visit The Railway The Line Timetables Fares & Tickets Our Events How To Get Here Our locomotives Steam Diesel Heritage Railcars Dining Dine On The Line The Station Cafe & Bar Group visits School Excursions Group Bookings Places to Stay Holiday Let Places To Stay Events & Experiences Railway Events Our Events Fares & Tickets Special Events Weddings Private & Corporate Henry Robertson Suite Experience Days Driver Experience 2019 Dine On The Line Weddings Support us Membership Shares Volunteering Contact Us How To Get Here Accessibility #nav-social #site-navigation #nav-wrap #masthead Home Llangollen Railway Experience rail travel as it used to be. Take a step back in time to the days of steam trains at one of North Wales’ most popular tourist attractions May occasionally be hauled by a Diesel or Heritage Railcar    View all events    Buy tickets now Buy tickets The Line Learn about the railway, the different stations, their history and explore the area from a unique viewpoint. The line Locomotives Our impressive collection of trains and locomotives will transport you back in time to the days of steam travel. Our locomotives CROESO I REILFFORDD LLANGOLLEN          Welcome to Llangollen Railway Please note we will be running a Heritage Railcar service on Monday 22nd July and  Wednesday 24th  July and Diesel Service on Tuesday 23rd July  due to operational issues. We apologise for any inconvenience Please note we will only be running to Carrog until the 1st October 2019 May occasionally be worked by a Heritage Railcar or Diesel Locomotive, please see timetable for details Yr unig Reilffordd lled safonol yng Ngogledd Cymru Llangollen Railway is the only standard gauge heritage railway in North Wales. We are located beside the historic Dee Bridge (built in 1345) in the centre of Llangollen town. The journey is a relaxing 10 miles travelling through the stunning Dee Valley to the lovely town of Corwen the crossroads of North Wales. Rheilffordd Llangollen yw’r unig reilffordd lled safonol yng Ngogledd Cymru. Lleolir pen y rheilffordd ger pont hanesyddol yr Afon Dyfrdwy (a adeiladwyd yn 1345) yng nghanol tref Llangollen. Mae’r siwrnai ar hyd y lein yn daith deng milltir o hyd lle y gallwch ymlacio wrth edrych ar ysblander dyffryn Dyfrdwy cyn cyrraedd tref hynafol Corwen, croesfan enwog yng Ngogledd Cymru. Our small section of line, which in its day went from Ruabon to Barmouth taking people to the seaside on holiday and transporting various goods including slate and chemicals, offers a sample of the sights and sounds of yesteryear. The line follows the picturesque River Dee, classed as a Site of Special Scientific Interest (SSSI), for its entire length, passing through some of the finest natural beauty North Wales has to offer. The railway is located within an Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty (AONB) and this is evident as the train gently meanders through the Dee Valley. The views from our carriages are breathtaking and constantly changing from season to season, you will see the first spring lambs and the ever changing colours of the beautiful vista  As well as steam hauled trains, we also run Diesel locomotive and Heritage Railcar services on selected days throughout the season. Well-behaved Dogs are welcome Come and visit Llangollen Railway and see how train travel used to be. Plan your visit Days out at Llangollen Railway Experience rail travel as it used to be. Llangollen Railway is a great day out for all ages. The Line Our Llangollen line takes you on a beautiful journey following the course of the River Dee through the idyllic Denbighshire countryside. The line Our events Throughout the year, the railway plays host to fantastic events for all the family; from meeting Thomas the Tank Engine, to Real Ale Experiences. View our events On-board Dining Our beautiful restored carriages make the perfect setting for our afternoon tea experience, whilst absorbing the stunning surrounding area. On-board dining The Line Our Llangollen line takes you on a beautiful journey following the course of the River Dee through the idyllic Denbighshire countryside. The line Our events Throughout the year, the railway plays host to fantastic events for all the family; from meeting Thomas the Tank Engine, to Real Ale Experiences. View our events On-board Dining Our beautiful restored carriages make the perfect setting for our afternoon tea experience, whilst absorbing the stunning surrounding area. On-board dining Buy Tickets BUY YOUR TICKETS ONLINE Guarantee your places and redeem vouchers. Weddings at Llangollen Railway If you’re a train enthusiast or a couple looking for a wedding venue with character unlike any other, Llangollen Railway makes the perfect setting for your special day. We can play host to your civil ceremony and your full wedding celebrations in our stunning suites. With unique photo opportunities to make memories that will last a life time. Wedding Experience Support Llangollen Railway Volunteer The running of the railway wouldn’t be possible without the support of our incredible volunteers. Find out more about how you too can get involved. Volunteering Shareholders If volunteering isn’t for you, becoming a shareholder allows you to support the running of the railway in a more anonymous, completely financial way. Shares Membership Joining as a member allows you to support the running of the Railway, whilst taking advantage of concessional travel as well as many other benefits. Membership Latest news Stay up to date with all of the latest news of the railway, the exciting developments on the line and up-coming events. post-list-filter-wrap Corwen Newsletter July 2019 June 27, 2019 entry-meta Read more .entry-text .for-reveal #post-3601 Corwen Newsletter June 2019 May 28, 2019 entry-meta Read more .entry-text .for-reveal #post-3569 Corwen Newsletter May 2019 April 30, 2019 entry-meta Read more .entry-text .for-reveal #post-3539 Corwen Newsletter April 2019 March 29, 2019 entry-meta Read more .entry-text .for-reveal #post-3489 Corwen Newsletter march 2019 February 26, 2019 entry-meta Read more .entry-text .for-reveal #post-3451 Corwen Newsletter February 2019 January 30, 2019 entry-meta Read more .entry-text .for-reveal #post-3411 #pix-custom-css-599f350602d45.post-list .post-list-spacer .entry-content .entry-footer #post-## #main #primary #page-wrap #container #page Llangollen Railway The Station Abbey Road Llangollen Denbighshire LL208SN View in Google Maps Plan your visit The Line Timetables Fares & Tickets Upcoming events How to get here Accessibility LOCOMOTIVES Steam Diesel Railcars Special Events Weddings Private & Corporate Henry Robertson Suite Experiences On-board dining Driver Experience Support us Volunteer Membership Shares Information Latest news Corwen Development How to get here Places to stay Holiday let The Station Cafe & Bar Enthusiasts & Archive Cookie Policy .footer-composer © 2018 Llangollen Railway. All Rights Reserved. Powered by WebTicketManager Terms and Conditions Privacy and Cookies Policy .inner-info .site-info #colophon #page_holder #hamburger-menu-overlay #overlay-header-wrap #overlay-header #overlay-wrap 