Loon Lake Lodge & Retreat Centre Home Activities & Options Wild & Immersive Programs Pinnacle Pursuits Programs Stellar Play Escape Room Wellness & Fitness Facilities & Rates Photo Gallery About Contact Us comment the linebreak between these two elements because science comment the linebreak between these two elements because science Home Activities & Options Wild & Immersive Programs Pinnacle Pursuits Programs Stellar Play Escape Room Wellness & Fitness Facilities & Rates Photo Gallery About Contact Us style below blocks out the mobile nav toggle only when nav is loaded comment the linebreak between these two elements because science comment the linebreak between these two elements because science Create index sections Loon Lake Lodge and Retreat Centre Retreats that connect. At home on the West Coast. Contact Us Maple Ridge's Loon Lake Lodge and Retreat Centre offers corporate retreats, wellness weekends and youth school groups a nature-based destination that's less than an hour from Vancouver, British Columbia. As a proud part of the University of British Columbia, we're designed to deliver inspired learning, to foster personal growth, and to celebrate our shared natural world. At Loon Lake Lodge and Retreat Centre we connect the mind, the body and the soul - that's our purpose.   Corporate Retreats Loon Lake Lodge and Retreat Centre is a natural venue for fresh starts, re-alignment and team building. We work with every group client to provide an experience that is designed around their unique needs and interests. Boardrooms, classrooms, break-out rooms and private dining rooms, we have everything you need for your next company retreat. Wellness Retreats Our serene lakeside setting is ideal for yoga retreats and fireside wellness seminars. We offer heated floors, health-conscious meal planning, and scalable accommodation options provide practitioners with budgetary choice, convenience, planning assistance, and a mindful classroom setting.   Youth & Special interest We invite you to bring your next overnight school, youth, or special interest group to Loon Lake Lodge and Retreat Centre. Take advantage of our popular outdoor adventure options, or add our innovative and instructed, Wild & Immersive curriculum that blends fun around key deliverables, and priced at a remarkably low day rate of $15/youth. Some conditions apply. ENQUIRE NOW Our Setting Those that visit often refer to us as 'the Lower Mainland's best kept secret'. Sitting on the Vancouver side of Golden Ear's Provincial Park, Loon Lake Lodge and Retreat Centre is a local destination for quiet reflection and a home for fresh air, clean water, and tall fir trees that frame the majestic Garibaldi Mountain Range. We offer guests profound natural connections, inspired learning, and shared personal moments; and for 5 weeks every summer we’re home to Camp Goodtimes, a summer program for remarkable kids fighting cancer.  Our Accommodations   At full capacity, Loon Lake Lodge and Retreat Centre can accommodate up to 174 individuals. Facilities range from corporate-ready Whistler-style accommodations, to well-maintained dormitories that are ideal for students, large families, or those working within a budget.   Our Dining   Fresh is what we do best, and our Chefs are known for creating heart-warming comfort food with a flair for the extraordinary. We compliment every group’s unique needs and interests, and we can scale up, and down, depending on the nature of your event, and your collective dietary requirements.   Our Services   In addition to helping design your group’s lodging, conference, and dining needs, we offer exceptional team-building, learning, and leadership programs by way of our partner, Pinnacle Pursuits . We have a modern gymnasium, a variety of nature trails, personal watercraft, a ropes course, a climbing wall, as well as both rock climbing and rappelling options.   comment the linebreak between these two elements because science Back to Top Upcoming Events Blog Work with Us Loon Lake Lodge and Retreat Centre, 14500 Silver Valley Road, Maple Ridge, B.C. 6044638149 loon.lake@ubc.ca Phone:  604-463-8149 Fax: 604-463-2712 Toll free:  1-866-463-8165 