LORRAINE TRAVEL - Home Home Airline Vacations Cruises Hotels Corporate Contact Us Resources Join Us Menu Home Airline Vacations Cruises Hotels Corporate Contact Us Resources Join Us end container end header   Experience Our World  end banner-wrap About Us The Company was founded in 1948 by John and Luisa Guiteras. After moving from Havana, Cuba, to the United States in 1960, the agency became incorporated in Florida and has been operating successfully ever since. We are proud of our history and record of integrity. Lorraine Travel is one of the largest privately owned travel management companies in Florida, with significant resources in both Corporate Travel Management and Personal Vacation Travel Planning.​ ​We know the Internet affords you infinite choices with regard to your travel plans. However, using a travel professional means that you have an advocate; someone who is accountable for the time and money you are investing. Travel agents work for travelers, not for travel suppliers. This means we make your travel plans with only your desires and requirements in mind. You will always receive competitive, comprehensive information from us, plus advice built on years of experience and personal knowledge. Understanding the benefits of having a travel professional may persuade you to let us take over the controls. ​ Airline Tickets Tips on Finding the Lowest Airfare! Plan your trip as early as you can shop hundreds of airfares online across your favorite website. The airlines will discount fares 7, 14 and/or 21 days out to induce travelers to make reservations. Flying midweek usually costs less. Book your departing flight on a Tuesday, Wednesday or Thursday and you will probably get the lower fare than booking on a weekend. Plan to stay over Saturday night. Most low fares require that you stay over a Saturday and some just require that you stay a minimum for 3 to 4 days. Consider other airports in your surrounding area. When you find a better price to another nearby airport, also consider how far that airport is in drive time to your final destination. Try an earlier or later travel date. Sometimes fares vary dramatically between one day and another.  If you can be flexible with your schedule, you will save money.  Email us the Itinerary with the Lowest Airfare Found and We'll Audit your Fare for Free ​ VACATIONS Tailor-Made vacations are trips that will exceed your expectations in every way, especially in the levels of service, comfort, luxury and exclusive access you’ll receive. Ultimately, they’ll change the way you think about your future travels, too. By working with our travel partners—hotels, tour operators and the like—we will do everything we can to make sure that you have the trip of your dreams. You can expect to have a trip of a lifetime where you decide where to go, what to do, what to see, where to eat and how to take it all in CLICK HERE TO PLAN YOUR VACATION ​ Cruises    Group Rates for Individual Passengers     Stateroom Upgrades     Onboard Credits,     Complimentary Shore Excursions     Prepaid gratuities     Much More​ Shop Cruises ​ ​Hotels With so many luxury hotel sites on the internet, it can definitely be a daunting task to drill down to the very best. Luxury hotel buffs want websites that focus only on a line-up of the finest hotels, offering the best deals, the most perks, and top-notch customer service. After all, who you place a booking with can make all the difference. WhataHotel!  offers the finest properties, most of which grant its clients Exclusive Complimentary Perks. And with Lorraine Travel backing it, things like 'Preferred Partner' status with Four Seasons Hotels & Resorts; any guest who books with ​ WhataHotel!  gets the advantage of complimentary room upgrades, free breakfast daily  BOOK A HOTEL ​ Corporate Travel Lorraine Travel, founded in 1948, has significant resources in Corporate Travel Management. We are one of the largest, privately owned, full-service travel management companies in Florida and among the very first to offer online corporate travel bookings with no agency fees! ​​ Over the years Lorraine Travel has earned a solid reputation for making an impact in the financial and quality service needs of many clients. We are affiliated with some of the leading travel companies and associations in the world including, but not limited to the American Society of Travel Agents (ASTA) Hickory Global Partners and Signature Travel Network, a consortium of the nation's leading travel agencies.   Lorraine Travel has the requisite experience and capabilities of providing quality travel service and is ready to help you with all your travel arrangements. With our years of experience and level of professionalism, we guarantee the best inCorporate Travel Management. Visit our EZ Biz Travel site & Test-Dive our Online System ​ Contact Us Are you interested in learning more about what we have to offer you? We are more than happy to provide additional information about our products or services. For product pricing details, service timelines, ordering information, or any other questions you have, contact us through the form below. ​ Please be sure to include your name, email, phone, and the specific service or product in question. You will receive a confirmation after submitting the form, and we will respond as quickly as possible for your satisfaction. We look forward to hearing from you. Contact us by text, phone, email, or submitting the form today ! Contact Form * Indicates required field Name * First Last Phone number * Email * Service/ Product * Comment * Submit Phone: 305-446-4433  ​Call or Text 800-666-8911  Toll-Free ​ Email: ​ Info@LorraineTravel.com Address: 377 Alhambra Circle ​ Coral Gables, FL 33134 US Additional Information ​ Hours of Operation: ​ Monday - Friday: 9:00 a.m. - 6:00 p.m. GET THE APP SUBSCRIBE E-BROCHURE ENTER TO WIN end main-wrap ​ end container end footer-wrap Home Airline Vacations Cruises Hotels Corporate Contact Us Resources Join Us 