Lovett's Inn & Restaurant, Franconia NH. Historic White Mountains Inn body start html embeds start body start html embeds end ©2019.  Proudly created with Wix.com Tel: 603-823-7761 CONTACT US Send innkeepers@lovettsinn.com 1474 Profile Road, Franconia, NH. 03580 /  /  HOME ABOUT ROOMS AMENITIES GALLERY SEE & DO WEDDING & EVENT INFO CONTACT VIEW and BOOK OUR ROOMS Our inn - siteplan Blog More Book A Room LOVETT'S INN    Bed & Breakfast  with full-service Pub and Restaurant  Franconia, NH Now accepting room reservations - Our restaurant and pub is open to everyone! Casual & family-friendly dining for all. - We can't wait to meet you!   Michelle & Martyn. Nestled in the legendary White Mountains, unique natural wonders, crisp mountain air, fireside dining and an intimate pub meld 21st century amenities with 18th century warmth, hospitality and charm.  Lovett's Inn & Restaurant creates a kaleidoscope of unforgettable memories beckoning your return season to season. ​ Your home away from home awaits you - explore all we have to offer! ABOUT Once known as The Lafayette Brook Farm, Lovett's Inn is a historic  warm and friendly country inn which offers 18 airy, individually decorated rooms offering old world charm while providing all your modern conveniences.   As a full service Inn we offer a bright and welcoming fire place dining room, an intimate Pub with live acoustic music on the weekends, a quiet, relaxed sitting room and comfortable sports/ game room to watch your favorite game, or play pool.  Our grounds offer stunning views of Canon and Lafayette Mountain and include an in-ground pool, outdoor fireplace, plenty of open space for family activities and events and a tranquil pond fed by adjacent Lafayette Brook.  If this isn't enough, how about many miles of year round trails leaving from our property for your recreation and relaxation? This makes us one of Franconia's most scenic and fully-featured accommodations and we look forward to welcoming you. We are located only two miles from the base of Cannon Mountain, just minutes from Franconia Notch and endless amounts of outdoor fun. ​ Tucked away in the White Mountains, in the historic town of Franconia, New Hampshire,  there has been a home here since before  the United States would elect George Washington as its first President.   Just a mere ninety years ago, Lovett's became a country inn ,  and before that it was a farm supplying produce to other hotels in the area  OUR HISTORY ​ For over two hundred and thirty five years now, this old house has inspired relaxation and provided the quiet comfort that the White Mountains are known for. The Inn is filled with antiques and furnishings that bring a warmth and comfort that wraps itself around you. Named after the earlier owners, Lovett's Inn balances the natural beauty of New England with antique decorative accents and a cottage design to make you feel right at home. More than just a synthesis of old and new, Lovett's Inn is meant to be both a second home and an homage to the uniqueness and beauty that New Hampshire  and northern New England has to offer. OUR ROOMS Whether you want to luxuriate in one of our Jacuzzi rooms, enjoy the history of the Main House, or have the views and ease of access of our cottages; we have the room that fits your needs! Book a Room OUR AMENITIES Breakfast   Chef  and co-owner Michelle uses seasonally fresh ingredients to create delicious  and satisfying options for breakfast. Dining ​ Come in and savor the freshly prepared hearty and satisfying meals, served in style in our casual, fireside dining room. Reservations recommended. for parties of more than four. Pool   After a fun day in the mountains, enjoy a dip in the pool or just lounge around it. Free Wifi   In the Main House , in the cottages and around our beautiful grounds, you will have free access to  high speed WiFi during your stay. Pub with full Bar   The fully stocked bar in our intimate pub is a great way to relax in the evening, before or after dinner! Or if you prefer shoot a game or two of pool, kick back and watch your choice of TV in our Game Room  Open daily ~ all are welcome. Numerous Trails Adjacent ​ In the summer months, enjoy a quick hike or bicycle ride off the back of the property on the miles of  scenic trails abutting Lovett's Inn. During the winter months these are groomed X-country skiing trails and snow shoe trails. GALLERY THINGS TO DO SHOPPING & DINING ​ We are centrally located to enjoy a day of antique stores and small boutique shops of Littleton, Lincoln and Bethlehem, or the outlets in  North Conway. After a day of fun, whether enjoying dinner with us or going out, you will find a large variety of delicious eateries in the area; from fine dining to small cafes. Ask and we'll tell you some of our favorites! YEAR-ROUND EVENTS ​ From I ce Castles in the winter ,  and Santa's Village ,  running the road race up Mount Washington in the summer, to taking in the breathtaking beauty of the White Mountains area  generally, and of course,  our world-famous fall foliage, there's always plenty of activities all year long! We will often post about upcoming events and festivals on our Facebook and Twitter, so stay in touch! ALPINE SKIING ​ Within just a few miles of the Inn are multiple ski mountains offering a range of skill levels and trail types. Two and a half miles up Profile Road is the closest of the mountains, Cannon Mountain Ski Area, which is also the view from our property. Others close by include Loon Mountain , Bretton Woods , Attitash , and Wildcat. The Inn is centrally located to all, so come on up and hit the slopes! BREWERIES ​ Within just a few miles, there are several world class and up-and-coming craft beer breweries. Franconia's very own Iron Furnace  Brewing ,   Schilling Beer Company in Littleton brews progressive continental European-inspired beers, while Rek-lis Brew in Bethlehem makes huge beers in a tiny brewery. In Lincoln, Woodstock Station and One Love Brewery are all  options to sit back, relax, and enjoy a few great beers with a bite to  eat! OUTDOOR ADVENTURES ​ The White Mountains provide some of the best hiking in the world; with hundreds of miles of trails for all experience levels, there is no better base-camp to dip a toe or hike them all ! With x-country ski, snow shoe , mountain biking, and hiking trails immediately adjoining the property, you won't have to go far  from your room to experience something amazing! Fly fishing is widely available and highly sought after, with the many creeks and streams running with clean mountain water, it's no wonder the fish would live in those cold rushing depths!  Just don't forget you'll need your NH fishing license ! EXPLORE THE AREA   In and around the Franconia area you'll find independent theatres, local artisans, zip lining, scenic railroad train rides, and many other spots that are both on and off the beaten path. The Frost Place Museum and Poetry Center in Franconia, Franconia Soaring Association where you can glide through the north country by taking an introductory soaring flight lesson, Alpine Adventures where you can zip line through the forest, and Whale's Tale Waterpark are just a few examples. GUEST REVIEW "Wonderful stay" No Footer body end html embeds start body end html embeds end 