"Exmoor Devon, Sporting, Parties, B&B" | LOYTON LOYTON About Lodge Sporting Press Journal Connect Back The Lodge Party at Loyton Events B&B Kitchen Weddings Special Offers Lodge Booking Testimonials Back Sporting Shoots Gieves & Hawkes Syndicate Visiting Loyton Sporting Sporting Availability & Booking Kind Words Loyton Estate Management About Lodge The Lodge Party at Loyton Events B&B Kitchen Weddings Special Offers Lodge Booking Testimonials Sporting Sporting Shoots Gieves & Hawkes Syndicate Visiting Loyton Sporting Sporting Availability & Booking Kind Words Loyton Estate Management LOYTON Press Journal Connect Scroll     Welcome to Loyton Parties • B&B • Sporting About Us   News, Upcoming Events & More     SUMMER SPECIAL OFFERS Check out our special offers page for some summer deals! Learn More BREAKFAST CLUB - EVENTS The Loyton Breakfast Club is back on the 28th July 2019! Learn More Summer Alchemy - Journal Check out the recipe to our new favourite summer cocktail! Learn More   Sporting Established in 2003, Loyton Sporting is proud to manage six of the finest and most prestigious shoots in the United Kingdom. Each shoot has a distinctive, individual character, yet all share our personal philosophy which is to maintain highest standards with a great emphasis on the enjoyment of the days, the presentation of the birds and fabulous hospitality. We pride ourselves in great attention to detail in all elements, of husbandry of the birds through to theshoot day experience. Learn More Rest & Relax The Lodge at Loyton offers a private country retreat for groups of friends, family or colleagues, fully catered by our talented in-house chef and quietly serviced by our friendly and professional team. We welcome guests for all occasions - an exclusive, celebratory houseparty, a quiet B&B getaway, for a private bash (with or without accommodation), for lunches, dinners and special events.  Our service is bespoke and flexible so let us hear your ideas - however outlandish!   Learn More END .sqs-gallery-meta-container   Party at Loyton There is nothing we like better at Loyton than an exceedingly good party!  And we understand that sometimes it is nice not to have to do all the planning and preparation and work yourselves, or that space isn’t available to accommodate the numbers you’d ideally like. So we invite you to consider Loyton for your forthcoming bash! Learn More Loyton Kitchen Food and eating are an integral part of the Loyton experience! The Kitchen at Loyton provides you with bespoke menus perfectly suited to your gathering, worked from exceptional ingredients from our own farm and the local area. Learn More END .sqs-gallery-meta-container   Journal Find out what we've been up to at Loyton! Read more   ABOUT       THE LODGE       SPORTING       Home Home - Upcoming Events & Spcials Home - Sporting Home - Relax Home - Party at Loyton Home - Kitchen Home - Journal Home - badges Loyton Estate Morebath, Tiverton, England, EX16 9AS, United Kingdom +44(0) 1398 331 174 enquiries@loyton.com Hours HOME         CONNECT          JOURNAL         PRIVACY POLICY        Sign up to receive the latest news from Loyton Sporting & Loyton Lodge Sporting News Sign up to Loyton Sporting Mailing list Name * Name First Name Last Name Email * Sign me up! * I want to receive news about Loyton Sporting! Yes Thank you! Lodge News Sign up to the Loyton Lodge Mailing List Name * Name First Name Last Name Email * Sign me up! * I want to receive news about Loyton Lodge upcoming events, special offers & news! Yes Thank you!   LOYTON SPORTING - sporting@loyton.com    +44 1398 331 174 LOYTON LODGE - thelodge@loyton.com    +44 1398 331 051 Morebath, Tiverton, Devon, EX16 9AS, UK ©2019 Loyton all rights reserved 