LRA HOME PAGE Our offer Apartments Services Special offers Our Guests Say Book now How to reach us? LRA The only 5 * apartments located in Cannes City Center Book now Luxury Rental Apartments Cannes, 06400 Cannes FR Our offer Discover the Mediterranean and Provence with the experience of an atmosphere and a glamorous lifestyle on the Côte d'Azur. LRA CANNES offers luxurious residential apartments where every room is meticulously thought out with refinement. Lido Souplex Souplex Lido is a 2-level souplex apartment just 10 minutes walk from the Palais des Festivals. It consists of 100 sqm, 3 bedrooms, 3 full bathrooms and 2 lounges! It has been remodeled with natural colors to make you feel in a warm and relaxed environment! Perfect to discover the Côte d'Azur! Book now RG Duplex Discover this luxurious duplex in the neighborhood of the famous Forville market and Le Suquet. 5 minutes from the Palais des Festivals, the Croisette and its beaches. It is through the old town and its famous Suquet that we advise you to start your visit to Cannes. You can access it by various sides with picturesque stairways where the pedestrian is king. To see: the ramparts, the Museum of Castre, square tower and the religious buildings. This apartment is all inclusive and will allow you to spend a great holiday. Book now Residence du Louvre These luxury self-catering apartments are set in a Haussmanian building in central Cannes, just 200 meters from La Croisette and the Palais des Festivals. They have modern décor and views of the bay of Cannes. Each stylish, air-conditioned apartment has a fully equipped kitchen with oven and stove where guests can prepare their own meals. The seating area has a flat-screen TV, DVD player and iPod docking station. Some apartments also have a terrace or jacuzzis. Each apartment has several private bathrooms with free toiletries and a hairdryer. All apartments include free Wi-Fi and the building is serviced by a lift. Cannes Train Station is just 200 meters from the apartments and Nice Côte d'Azur Airport is 26 km away. One parking space per booking is available for free upon reservation. Book now Résidence Montaigne Our last renovation: Residence Montaigne is equipped with various apartments between 2 to 4 rooms from the 1st to the 3rd floor containing a lift. Not to mention the luxurious "Loft Montaigne" which is located on the ground floor.  In a central district just 350m from the Palais des Festivals and the Croisette. These apartments have been renovated with trustworthy materials and with impeccable equipment and refined, in order to enchant your stay with us, because your comfort is our priority. Book now Résidence Provençal The residence Provencal contains 2 luxurious apartments that contain both: 4 bedrooms, 4 bathrooms, 5 toilets and a private terrace.  L'indus Loft is a beautiful apartment located in the city center, on the 6th floor with elevator and sea view, its style and equipment will make you want to stay longer. The magnificent LOFT has been completely renovated recently, its particularity is its huge sky view roof window, located on the living room and dining room: hence the name Star Loft! No keys: only codes which is very comfortable! And no need for cars: everything is nearby. Book now Vaste Horizon "Vaste Horizon" combines comfort and luxury in the heart of Cannes. Ideally located 300 meters from the 'Palais des Festivals' and the 'Croisette', with magnificent views of the balcony, the sea and the beauty of the city that contribute to the charm of the Côte d'Azur. The apartment, crossing, has retained its Haussmann style: large rooms, high ceilings, authentic parquet and marble floor! It has 4 bedrooms 4 bathrooms including a balneotherapy bath and 5 toilets. Book now Services Even better than at home Special offers Best price guaranteed Sheets and towels 23.00 EUR Per Person Per Booking breakfast 15.00 EUR Per Person Per Day late check-in 50.00 EUR Per Booking parking 15.00 EUR Per Day Sedan airport transfer 75.00 EUR Per Quantity Our Guests Say "The apartment is spacious, luxurious, stylish and situated in the midst of Cannes. Two big thumbs up! Furthermore the hostess, Aurélie, is a very helpful and charming lady, who always makes sure that everything is working perfectly. I can unconditionally give my best recommendation of the apartment to future guests :)" - Last from Airbnb. "We’ve rented a lot of houses & apartments for travel over the years. I think this is one of the best, if not the next, we’ve rented. Aurélie was great. The apartment was very clean. The size/space was great. Excellent view. Rue Meynadier was 2-3 blocks away. Really delighted with the rental." Scott from Airbnb Book now How to reach us? All properties are easily accessible, they are located in the center of Cannes where all tourist attractions are within walking distance. LRA Lido Souplex: 4 rue Sergent Bobillot, 06400 Cannes FR RG Duplex: 4 rue Roland Garros, 06400 Cannes FR Residence du Louvre: 2 Bd d'Alsace, 06400 Cannes FR Résidence Montaigne: 5 rue Montaigne, 06400 Cannes FR Résidence Provençal: 4 boulevard d’Alsace, 06400 Cannes FR Vaste Horizon: 15 rue Edith Cavell, 06400 Cannes FR +33658039083 reservation@lra-cannes.com VAT / Business 44 519664254 languageIt languageEn languageFr © . All Rights Reserved 