Bed & Breakfast Lexington KY | Lyndon House LANGUAGE: English French Spanish Dutch Russian German Japanese Chinese Arabic Lyndon House Bed & Breakfast Toggle navigation LANGUAGE: English French Spanish Dutch Russian German Japanese Chinese Arabic Check Availability P:  (859) 420-2683 Contact Reservations (859) 420-2683 Check Availability Home Accommodations Dining Things To Do + Horses Bourbon Breweries Vineyards Historic Places Nightlife & The Arts SPECIALS + A Classic Romance A Bistro Romance A Simple Romance Horses, History & Hospitality Attractions Map Gift Certificates More Information + Amenities Policies Photo Gallery About Us Breakfast Contact Us Stylish Kentucky Hospitality View Rooms Bluegrass Urban Foodie View Sample Breakfast Menu Stylish Kentucky Hospitality View Rooms Bluegrass Urban Foodie View Sample Breakfast Menu Stylish Kentucky Hospitality More than just a Home away from Home... Impeccable service, desirable location, beautiful setting.    See Accommodations When you need a beautiful place to escape... ...our Old Kentucky Home welcomes you! A Place Well Located ... The Lyndon House Bed & Breakfast is located on North Broadway in Lexington's historic downtown where it has proudly stood since 1883.  It was originally built on the outskirts of north Lexington but now it is within five blocks of the vibrant downtown community - with fine restaurants, shops, and a thriving nightlife.   A Place Well Managed ... We take our environmental responsibility seriously by recycling paper, plastic, and aluminum - as well as yard waste from the garden. Our dishwasher, washing machines, and toilets are designed to consume less water and energy.  Even though the house has central air/heat, to reduce heating and cooling costs we often take advantage of the natural ventilation provided by the huge screened windows throughout the first and second floors - and the roof windows on the third floor.  We are even careful to turn out lights that are not being used because conserving energy is the right thing to do.      A Place Well Designed ... While the structure of Lyndon House Bed & Breakfast is historic, the interior is designed with the comfort of our 21st century guests in mind. Although most of our guest rooms have eleven-foot ceilings and elegant moldings, they are accessible by a commercial elevator - which some of our guests really appreciate.  And every morning our guests awaken to the aroma of fresh coffee served with a delicious breakfast prepared by the Innkeeper. When Spring finally arrives our beautiful back porch overlooking the garden is the ideal spot for a cup of tea, a glass of wine - or a bottle of beer from one of the local craft breweries.  When the garden is in bloom many of our guests just sit out there for no other reason than to relax and watch the birds. Learn More Lexington, The Horse Capital of the World! Come and share the adventure! Sign Up Today Subscribe to our newsletter and be the first to learn about our seasonal promotions and special deals. Sign Up Guests Love Us We strive to provide an exceptional level of service for every guest, and are proud to have a 4.5-star rating on TripAdvisor. See Reviews Amenities Policies Photo Gallery About Us Breakfast Contact Us 507 N Broadway , Lexington , KY   40508 , United States   P: (859) 420-2683   E:  lyndonhouse@mac.com ©2019 Lyndon House Bed & Breakfast Simple Software for Innkeepers by Odysys [if (gte IE 6)&(lte IE 8)]> <script type="text/javascript" src="/public/js/selectivizr-min.js"></script> <![endif] 