Beautiful Hotel Accommodation & Restaurant in Kirkwall, Orkney | Lynnfield Hotel Skip to content The Lynnfield Hotel Hotel & Restaurant in Kirkwall, Orkney Primary Menu Home Restaurant Lunch Menu Dinner Menu Lux Menu Wine List Rooms Odinstone Tjaldr Yetlin Galtiquoy Tammie Norrie Plantikrøe Scarrataing The Bu Rammigeo Jarls Availability Tariff Gallery Whiskies Special Offers Location Enquiries #masthead Beautiful Hotel Accommodation & Restaurant in Kirkwall, Orkney .entry-header AVAILABILITY AND ONLINE BOOKING, please go to our Availability page or Rooms page and click on any of our rooms. Facility is at the bottom of each room page. Our Dinner, Bed & Breakfast special rates for the winter are now available. To find out more  please  check our Special Offers page for details.   To book, please contact us by phone or web enquiry. The Lynnfield is a small country-house hotel, looking northwards over Orkney’s capital, to Kirkwall Bay and the north isles beyond. We offer beautifully furnished accommodation , with each room being unique and carefully decorated. We are also renowned for the exceptional food which is presented from our restaurant , perfect for a romantic meal whilst looking over the Orkney countryside. The accommodation at The Lynnfield hotel consists of ten, fully fitted bedrooms and suites, meaning we can give individual attention to all our guests. On the other hand, if you want to be left in peace during your stay, that is in plentiful supply here. All of the hotels bedrooms are spacious and tastefully decorated, furnished with antique beds and complemented by very modern en-suites. You won’t find better accommodation throughout Kirkwall, or indeed the whole of Orkney. Our wood-panelled lounge provides the ideal space within the hotel to relax. If the peat fire and comfy sofas aren’t relaxing enough, choose a soothing dram from our extensive range of malt whiskies – over 360 at last count, including many rare expressions of Highland Park, Britain’s most northerly distillery, and our closest neighbour. Our restaurant offers fine views over Kirkwall, but more importantly food of exceptional quality from the comfort of the hotel. Built on a commitment to using the finest local produce, including beef, seaweed-fed lamb, fish, shellfish and much more – our talented head chef, Lorna Reid, creates dishes that are light, elegant, yet full of flavour. Our restaurant also offers a 70-bin wine list offers the widest, highest quality choice in Orkney. If you’re looking for a relaxing stay at a hotel offering exceptional quality accommodation in Kirkwall or Orkney, contact us today to arrange your booking. .entry-content .entry-footer #post-## #main #primary Contact Us Lynnfield Hotel & Restaurant Holm Road St Ola Kirkwall Orkney KW15 1SU Tel: +44 (0)1856 872505 send an enquiry from this website #secondary #content Theme: Lynnfield Hotel by Westray Digital Art . .site-info #colophon #page ngg_resource_manager_marker 