Mafolie Hotel & Restaurant - Homepage Mafolie Hotel & Restaurant Homepage Restaurant Dinner Dining Hotel Contact/Location 3D TOUR Excursions .header-wrap 340-774-2790 .menu-controls-wrap NOW OPEN FOR THE 2018/2019 SEASON! Welcome to the Mafolie Hotel & Restaurant ​St Thomas, US Virgin Islands At our independently owned St. Thomas hotel, we invite you to experience an unrivaled combination of luxury amenities, gourmet dining and boutique hotel services at remarkably affordable prices. Winning raves from the International Press, the New York Times   wrote of Mafolie , "Some of St. Thomas's most reasonably priced accommodations and a view that even the top resorts can't rival." "Get Above it All" at the Mafolie Hotel & Restaurant The Mafolie Hotel & Restaurant is a distinctive Caribbean gem since its founding in 1952.  At 866 feet above sea level, our views are breathtaking from almost any angle on the property.  Each room is unique offering a King or Queen bed, private balconies, additional futons in our mini-suites and almost all have a Harbor view.  We have a restaurant offering complimentary buffet breakfast to our hotel guests and dinner open to the public.  Our bar offers extraordinary views of downtown Charlotte Amalie.  The pool is open daily with drinks at our pool bar. Ranked one of the top value resorts in St. Thomas by Caribbean Travel and Life Magazine , our St. Thomas VI lodging offers breezy tropical style and a welcoming world of comforts. Select any one of our air-conditioned 22 guest rooms including 5 suites, and enjoy deluxe Serta® Perfect Sleeper bedding, in-room safes, cable television and private baths. We also offer microwaves and refrigerators upon request.  Get to know the many comforts that await you in our remarkably affordable resort in St. Thomas, US Virgin Islands. The hotel's acclaimed Mafolie Restaurant offers an enticing menu of island favorites, including steak, pasta dishes, and seafood specialties. Our world-famous view of spectacular Charlotte Amalie, Hassel Island and the harbor make the perfect backdrop for a romantic dinner or special celebrations for weddings, birthdays and anniversaries. BLUE SKIES // GREEN HOTEL Low flow toilets Solar panels for hot  water heating Energy efficient compact fluorescent lighting Energy efficient appliances State of the art, energy efficient air conditioners Hotel Amenities  Mafolie Hotel Virtual Concierge Complimentary Buffet Breakfast served in the restaurant Wireless Internet access  Pool & Pool Deck overhanging Charlotte Amalie Poolside Bar Award Winning Restaurant in Hotel Expanded Cable (HBO!) ​Bar/lounge Mini Fridge in all Deluxe Rooms & Junior Suites Microwave in room (Upon Request) Public Laptop & Printer​ WIDGET CONTENTS COPYRIGHT SURFLINE.COM 2016 WIDGET VERSION 2.0 MARCH 2016 | HULL BAY Surfline Surf Forecasts WIDGET CONTENTS COPYRIGHT SURFLINE.COM 2016 weather widget start + 66 ° F + 80° + 60° Charlotte Amalie Monday, 19 Tuesday + 81° + 78° Wednesday + 81° + 80° Thursday + 81° + 79° Friday + 81° + 80° Saturday + 81° + 78° Sunday + 81° + 80° See 7-Day Forecast weather widget end main-wrap .wrapper For reservations and additional availability, please call us directly at 340-774-2790 or click on the Book now button to reserve today! Mafolie Hotel & Restaurant   7091 Estate Mafolie ,  St. Thomas , U.S.  Virgin Islands   00802 Reservations:  340-774-2790 Email:   info@mafolie.com   Fax: 340-774-4091 ------------------ Website by BadChecker Productions footer-wrap Homepage Restaurant Dinner Dining Hotel Contact/Location 3D TOUR Excursions 