Rotorua Family Accommodation, Mineral Spa, MALFROY motor lodge Official Site Google Code for Remarketing Tag ------------------------------------------------ Remarketing tags may not be associated with personally identifiable information or placed on pages related to sensitive categories. See more information and instructions on how to setup the tag on: http://google.com/ads/remarketingsetup ------------------------------------------------- Facebook Conversion Code for malfroy Home Guest Info Hosts Amenities Feedback Sustainability Links Terms & Conditions MALFROY motor lodge Rotorua Blog Things To Do Coming Events Best Fishing Spots in Rotorua Families & Groups Family Holiday in Rotorua Apartments / Rates BOOK NOW Reviews Location Gallery Contact Us Google Translate Element       MALFROY motor lodge Rotorua MALFROY motor lodge Rotorua offers clean, warm, comfortable and affordable family accommodation , has been voted on Trip Advisor as being one of the Top 25 Best Value Motels in the South Pacific, and been awarded Trip Advisor Certificates of Excellence each year from 2010.  With our own onsite geothermal re-injection bore, MALFROY provides guests with more than just accommodation.  We offer a therapeutic and relaxing experience in an eco-friendly environment, with a variety of local artwork for you to enjoy in our semi-tropical gardens - at a value for money price.   If you are looking for Rotorua motels or spa accommodation - with free, unlimited, in room, high speed WiFi - then look no further.  At MALFROY guests have exclusive use of our genuine Mineral hot pool or our geo-thermally heated Plunge pool, both of which are set in our private semi-tropical gardens and open all hours.  We can also arrange an excellent on-site massage service for you. MALFROY motor lodge is conveniently located for all of the major attractions and geo-thermal valleys.  We are only a 3 minute walk from Rotorua's largest shopping mall, which is next to the City Centre where you will find a good choice of general stores, boutique clothing and souvenir shops, good coffee places - and a range of quality restaurants and lively bars.  Another 5 minutes from there and you are walking alongside the lake. With larger than usual north-facing (sunny) serviced apartments set in flood lit, semi-tropical gardens, and our close proximity to Rotorua's wide range of attractions - cultural, thermal, adventure and sporting - MALFROY offers tourists, families, and business people clean, comfortable and affordable Rotorua motel accommodation set in pleasant surroundings with original statues, carvings and murals; and two heated pools. The local people like to talk of the five spirits of Rotorua. 1.You can feel the spirit of the earth as it rumbles beneath your feet and escapes, hissing and spluttering, through fumaroles, mud pools and geysers. 2.You can experience the spirit of Maori culture and lifestyle, with authentic village and performance experiences and the uniquely delicious Maori hangi (banquet). 3.With a relaxing massage or a soak in a natural hot spring, mineral pool or Rotorua mud bath you can rejuvenate your spirit. 4.You can also free your spirit with outdoor adventures - trout fishing, kayaking, water skiing, swimming, hiking and mountain biking. 5.However, if it's excitement you crave, then you can challenge your spirit with adrenalin-charged extreme activities such as sky-diving, white-water rafting, bungy jumping, luging, zorbing and jet boating - to name but a few.   Place this tag where you want the +1 button to render. Place this tag after the last +1 button tag. Google End ContentCMS Site Map End cmsPageContainer © Copyright  MALFROY motor lodge Rotorua  - Phone +64 7 346 8053 Click here for a site map Website By  Web Advantage Rotorua Google cms outer wrap 