Masterton Motor Lodge :: Home Open Menu end-of-logo-content 0508 644 644 BOOK NOW end-of-logo-content end-of-container end-of-container Home Accommodation Room Service Options Conference Centre Packages Testimonials Contact Us end-of-nav-content end-of-header Welcome to Masterton Motor Lodge Accomodation Room Service Conference Centre Welcome Masterton Motor Lodge offers 21 smoke free rooms and suites, a licensed restaurant  and conference venue  just three minutes by car from the town centre. For the busy corporate traveller, sports enthusiast, travel group or holidaymaker, Masterton Motor Lodge is nestled amongst established trees and gardens on 2.5 hectares. Be it for business or leisure, we have accommodation to suit all needs,  and our friendly staff are  ready to welcome you.  For those on business, we have complimentary high speed internet, same day laundry service.  For those enjoying some leisure time; 14 metre swimming pool, grass tennis and volleyball court, petanque are some of the facilities awaiting you. Stay in the hub of all that the Wairarapa region has to offer.   Why Use Us? PEACE AND QUIET All rooms are set back from the road, with direct access to 2.4 hectares of beautiful park-like grounds providing a private and relaxed stay. Parking Each room has a private parking space adjacent to the unit.  Extra parking is available around the complex, including a dedicated area for large vehicles including trucks, boat trailers, floats and other specialised vehicles, with turning bay. We are fully licenced and provide a range of room service options Choose from the range of room service options available, from light snacks to meals and deserts, with a selection of our favourite local wines, popular beer brands and other beverages.  What We Do Accommodation and meal packages for group bookings. Breakfast and packed lunch options for the busy professional. Conference packages. Private functions. What our clients say... "Just like home!"  Rayleen, NZ "IT WAS FANTASTIC.  Everything was lovely" Suliasi, NZ. Ready To Talk? Just give us a call on 0508 644 644 and we'll be happy to answer any questions you have. 0508 644 644 BOOK NOW 250 High Street Masterton Home   Accommodation   Restaurant & Bar   Conference Centre   Packages   Where To Find Us   Contact Us   Masterton Motor Lodge © 2019 | Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy Website Development & Design by end-of-lower-footer-container end-of-lower-footer Global site tag (gtag.js) - Google Analytics 