Accommodation Coffs Harbour - Matador Motor Inn - Home   Accommodation Coffs Harbour NSW Matador Motor Inn Call 1800 331 512 or (02) 6652 3166   Home Accommodation Facilities Location Corporate Local Area Local Dining Book Now FAQ Contact Us Convenient Location CEX - EX Services club 3 min Coffs Harbour CBD with many shops, restaurants 3 min Coffs Harbour Racecourse 4 min Coffs Harbour Airport 5 min Coffs Harbour Base Hospital 5 min Coffs Harbour Marina 5 min Park Beach Plaza Shopping Centre 5 min The Jetty 5 min Coffs Harbour Surf Beach 7 min Southern Cross University 8 min   Towns Nearby Sawtell 10 km Grafton 84 km Port Macquarie 158 km Brisbane 394 km Sydney 529 km   Find Us Albany Street Coffs Harbour NSW 2450 [map]   Call Us Ph: 1800 331 512 or (02) 6652 3166   Great Reasons To Stay With Us Boutique style accommodation Centrally Located All rooms are non-smoking All rooms are air-conditioned Free Wi-Fi Internet Swimming Pool Undercover Parking Room Service Breakfast only Free Austar and Flat Screen TV Guest Laundry Family Rooms 2 mins to city centre Great stop over Sydney to Brisbane Accommodation for Tourists, Holiday Makers, Corporate Travellers Accommodation Coffs Harbour - Matador Motor Inn The Matador Motor Inn has been operating in Coffs Harbour as an accommodation haven continuously for more than 40 years and has been a home away from home for thousands of guests. Just five minutes’ walk to the central business district, the Matador Motor Inn is one of the most popular accommodation stop-over Motels in Coffs Harbour. For the travelers, we are situated halfway between Sydney and Brisbane. The Matador Motor Inn with its relaxing atmosphere is the choice of many travellers on the Pacific Highway. Late check-in by arrangement only please call. Having completed numerous refurbishments leveraging the property’s ’70s heritage, now more than ever the Matador is a fabulous choice if you are looking for affordable, boutique motel accommodation and outstanding customer service. You can enjoy your stay in clean, comfortable and stylish rooms. We offer a choice of configurations: from Premium Queen and King to Twin and Family room options. All accommodation offers comfortable bedding, quality interiors and amenities , flat screen TVs, Foxtel, iPod docking stations, Lanovera personal products, a tea and coffee larder with quality supplies, toaster, kettle, iron and ironing board, reverse cycle air-conditioning and private dining space. Free Wi-Fi is also available to our guests. Our building faces due north and the upper level offers district views. Select Family rooms offer a private balcony. On-site under-cover parking is available; however please note, parking is limited strictly to one vehicle per room. An outdoor pool and guest lounge are available to relax, work or just enjoy and to complement your stay, we offer in-room continental breakfasts.  Our property is strictly non-smoking inside rooms and on balcony and terrace areas outside rooms. We offer a designated smoking area on the ground floor for smokers. We look forward to welcoming you and wish you safe travels! © 2018 Matador Motor Inn Cnr Albany Street & Pacific Hwy Coffs Harbour NSW 2450 Australia [Google Map] [location info] Toll Free: 1800 331 512 or Call: 02 6652 3166 Email: enquiries@matadormotorinn.com Web: www.matadorcoffs.com.au Friendly Accommodation in Coffs Harbour. The  Matador Motor Inn  offers clean spacious accommodation  in Coffs Harbour Rooms on special from $99 AAA Rating: 3 Stars Home Accommodation Coffs Harbour Motel Facilities Accommodation Location, Map, Driving Directions Coffs Harbour Local Area Dining In The Area Book Online and Save Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us Coffs Harbour Local Area - Raleigh International Raceway Coffs Harbour Local Area - Whale Watching on Board Pacific Explorer Coffs Harbour Local Restaurants - Lemongrass Licensed Restaurant & Cafe Coffs Harbour Local Restaurants - Attitude Burgers - Coffs Jetty Marina Coffs Harbour Local Restaurants - Spinifex at the Coast Hotel Coffs Harbour Local Restaurants - Yachtie Bistro Coffs Harbour Local Area - Specialist Medical Centre, Coffs Harbour Corporate Deals and Specials Site map Created using GuestPoint © by Centium Software 