Hale Kamaole - Affordable Luxury Condos in Kihei Affordable Luxury Condos in Kihei - Owner Direct Rental. For Reservations: Bob & Karen Newton Hale Kamaole #162, #239 & #250 916-716-8981 PST karennewton@sbcglobal.net endHeadContainer endHeader Our Unit 239 Living Room Sunset view from Hale Kamaole Park Upper Pool Area Hale Kamaole Palms & Sunset Kamaole Park Sunset viewing Lifeguard Station Easy Beach Access View from unit 250 Beach Our Unit 239 Bedroom Beach endFlexSlider end Slider home gallery Suite #162 Suite #239 Suite #250 rates info about us endNavigation Hale Kamaole - Affordable Luxury Condos in Kihei Daily Rate: $99-$250 depending on unit, season & number of guests. Discounts for longer stays. RESERVE YOURS TODAY see availability calendar Suite #162 1 bedroom Suite #239 1 bedroom Suite #250 2 bedrooms Professionally decorated to coordinate through-out in a tropical motif featuring rattan furniture, antique Chinese period pieces and colorful accents, both our pieces of Hawaii's paradise have a relaxing tropical view and are just a short walk from some of Maui's best swimming, snorkeling and walking beaches. With rates beginning at $99/night and a location in a very quiet part of the ocean front, Hale Kamaole Resort, we know we offer one of the best values in sunny South Maui. Located across from the Kihei Boat Ramp and Kamaole III Beach Park this is the perfect spot for those who love the water and don't want to drive 30 minutes for those snorkel & scuba diving trips to Molokini. Our condos have a warm, inviting feeling and have been custom designed for a fun and relaxing time for us as well as our guests. Fully equipped kitchens have been completely remodeled with new maple cabinets, a new range, microwave, new fixtures, and flooring in August 2001 (239) and Nov 2003 (162) and we have kept them updated and current every year since. Come and share one of our homes and enjoy Maui in the comfort and style you deserve... endContent Need 2 bedrooms? Sleep up to 6 people at our Hale Kamaole #250 Rent these recently remodeled 880 sf, one bedroom, one bath south maui condos directly from the owner. Comfortably sleeps 4 (2 adults, 2 children). Our guest book etries: "Enjoyed the beautiful Hawaiian decor & all the extras in the condo - Maholo! We felt that it was a home away from home. The lanai has such a fantastic view & we enjoyed socializing around the BBQ pit. Delightful stay - thanks to the Newton's." Leslie, Rob, Chris & Mike Lemon "It was great coming 'home' at night to your comfortable, convenient, well-appointed condo The gorgeous ocean view from the lanai is the icing on the tropical cake! We hope to come back soon... " Anne Haines, Betty Haines, Pat Perry, Don & Laura Johnson "Thanks so much for everything. This condo is much fancier than our last here. It has a great view of the ocean and palm trees from the balcony. Also to see the sun set on the balcony is outstanding. I could not recommend a better place. When we first walked in here it felt like home. " The Kulhanecks & The Danases "Thank you for making our family vacation in Maui such a postive experience. The condo was great! The boogie boards as well as so many of hte extras were greatly appreciated by our girls (16, 20, 22 yrs). We will certainly recommend this comples to others back in Alberta. " The Zeminer Family endSidebar endWrapper © 2002 - KiheiDreams.com , MauiCondoDirect.com - All rights reserved. | design by nikolay shipilin endFooter 