Welcome Welcome Trip Quote Request Where to Go Right Now! Current Promotions Vacations Destination Guide Land Tours & Vacations The Solo Traveller Adventure Travel Cruises Cruise Finder Ensemble Hosted Cruises What's Your Cruising Style Weddings & Celebrations Away Destination Weddings Mayne Travel Gift Certificates Mayne Travel Group Tours Corporate Travel Express Car Rentals The Ensemble Hotel & Resort Collection Travel Insured True Traveller Resources Our Best Packing Tips Going Mobile Ensemble Travel Group The Value of a Professional Travel Advisor About Us Our Professional Affiliations Mayne Travel Gift Certificates 705-474-1532  ::  800-338-6492 True Travellers are always planning their next vacation... Where in the world would you like to be? Click here to see our Current Promotions! Planning and anticipating your next travel adventure is a big part of the pleasure of travel. For many of our Clients, the process begins by coming in to see us at the start of the travel season to collect an armful of the newest colourful brochures to peruse and dream about leisurely at home. They like to chat with us about the latest  trends and popular spots  around the globe. That's a good thing because based on where you have been, we can immediately help to focus your choices to find the vacation or travel itinerary best suited to your style of travel and adventure.   We love to travel too and you have a whole team of experienced travel professionals working for you at Mayne Travel to make your next vacation really great.  If you are browsing the net, make a note of the things you discover and send your travel counsellor a quick note of these items.  Challenge us to price match .  We will help you to evaluate and compare the various offers and promotions you see online. Be assured we have the same prices and more. We also have the knowledge to fully explain the value of these offers, an important distinction in a price-driven and competitive marketplace.  Travel pricing is certainly more complex these days with the continual "unbundling" and separate pricing of things you may have assumed were included before. You need to know the whole story before you can make an informed travel choice.  Add Our Experience to Your Vacation. What's your Cruising Style?   Browse this selection of exciting cruise destinations and ships - from Contemporary Cruises that are  perfect for families and a first-time cruising experience, all the way up to Luxury Cruises on exquisite ships that are often considered destinations in themselves. We'll help you select the perfect cruise experience. You’ll enjoy special features, extra amenities and exclusive offers. We provide a huge choice of cruises tailored to suit every style and budget. Our ‘On Location Experts’ enable us to customize unique and individually tailored shore excursions to enhance your cruise experience. And unique pre-cruise and post-cruise packages add an extra dimension to your destination experience! With our exclusive collection of ‘Hosted Cruises’ you can depend on personalized care and exciting land excursions while you enjoy complimentary amenities and superb added value features.  Read our latest collection of cruises in a variety of styles and destinations here now. You are on your way to a great cruise experience with Mayne Travel. Ensemble Travel Host -& Amenities Our Ensemble Hosted Cruise Collection offers more than 350 sailings on 12 different cruise lines. It's easier than ever for you to choose the cruise that’s right for you. The ambience, amenities and activities of cruise ships today are as diverse as they are magnificent. Click to browse our featured Hosted Cruise Collection. Where to Go Right Now The Travel Spotlight is on European River Cruising Avoid the congestion and noise of traffic as you glide serenely through Europe on its many great rivers. You’ll dock right in the center of towns and cities so it’s easy to step ashore and explore on your own or take advantage of the many enticing excursions included in your fare. Get to know the culture of your destination. It’s just one of the enriching experiences you’ll enjoy on a European river cruise. Savor the food, wine and beer of your destinations, enjoy performances by local entertainers who come right on board your ship and take excursions that introduce you to the rich history and culture of the countries you visit. It’s all part of the ease and convenience of the river cruise experience. Be inspired by this edition of our travel EZine then get in touch with one of our experienced travel advisors. We're here to help plan the vacation that's just right for you! Enjoy reading the Mayne Travel EZine to stimulate your travel wanderlust.  The travel spotlight is on a new destination each month with great offers and promotions from our preferred suppliers. We'll share insider tips on Hotels and Featured Cruises to this part of the world. Click here to read the latest issue of our Travel EZine now! Snorkeling with your kids at Grand Cayman, golfing with your parents in Bermuda or riding the London Eye with your grandchildren; the discovery of new places and experiences is even more exciting when shared with your family. The world of travel is geared to families like never before giving you many choices for an enriching multigenerational getaway. Explore our great ideas and call us to start planning your family vacation today! Travel Insured Get a Quote - Buy Now Protect Your Vacation Mayne Travel  Trip Quote Request Call us or Click here to get started. Check In - Book Flights Your Reservations Will Be Supported by Mayne Travel Get Social with Us ! Tweets by @MayneTravel Copyright © 2016 Mayne Travel Services 173 Main Street West North Bay, ON P1B 2T6 705-474-1532  ::  1-800-338-6492 chris @maynetravel.com Privacy Policy : Terms of Use 