 Mayor's Mansion Inn | Bed and Breakfast - Chattanooga, TN Skip to primary navigation Skip to content Skip to footer Home The Inn Accommodations Breakfast & Amenities History of the Inn Directions Gallery Corporate Travel Packages Romance Packages UTC Lodging Packages Christmas in Chattanooga Events Weddings, Receptions, & Rehearsal Dinners Parties & Special Events Facility Rentals Catering Area Attractions & Events Outdoor Activities Restaurant Guide Contact Blog More Search for: Search Toggle Search Search Times Reserve Now Menu Mayor's Mansion Inn Chattanooga's Historic Bed and Breakfast Browse Our Rooms Welcome to Chattanooga's Historic Inn Rooms from $139 per night Experience the historical elegance of the  Mayor’s Mansion Inn Bed and Breakfast .  This  11-room bed and breakfast  mansion inn, built in 1889, was home to Edmond G. Watkins, who later became the Mayor of  Chattanooga, Tennessee . Now serving Chattanooga and located in the Fort Wood Historic District, the Mayor’s Mansion Inn Bed and Breakfast is truly dedicated to making your stay in Tennessee as unforgettable as your Chattanooga surroundings. Book Your Stay Making Your Stay as Unforgettable as Your Surroundings "We very much enjoyed our room and visit. We stayed two nights and each following morning the breakfast was very good. Loved the architecture and high ceilings. The room was very comfortable and the neighborhood and location great. The staff members we met were very welcoming and helpful. Loved just sitting our on the porch at night. Chattanooga was a nice surprise too." – Reviewed May, 2018 "What a marvelous welcome from our hosts and great to stay somewhere that has loads of character and style. We only stayed one night but the hospitality was excellent and we loved sitting out on the porch in the evening chatting to some of the other guests. Would recommend as a great change from the big hotels." – Reviewed May, 2018 "We had a four night stay at the Mayor's Mansion several weeks ago. It was SO enjoyable! The Inn itself is a beautiful, historic building. The rooms are well-appointed with all amenities. The staff is very helpful, and the owners are wonderful people. It was always exciting to go down for breakfast each morning to sit in the elegant dining room for a delicious breakfast accompanied by hot coffee and great service. One afternoon, the owners were generous and friendly enough to join us on the sprawling porch for some good conversation in the sunshine. I would recommend Mayor's Mansion to anyone anytime." – Reviewed March, 2018 "The service was excellent and the room was very comfortable. The home is located in a historic part of downtown Chattanooga and the homes are beautiful. It is also is near the Tennessee River with a gorgeous view from the restaurants. I would highly recommend this bed and breakfast to anyone." – Reviewed April, 2018 "My wife and I recently stayed here, as part of a visit to Chattanooga, on our road trip from New York to Alabama. The accommodations were outstanding, the breakfast was top notch, and the hosts (owners) Mark and Cindy were most gracious! This is a beautiful old home that has been impeccably maintained. We only had a 24-hour stopover in Chattanooga, and wanted to make the most of our time there. Mark and Cindy provided very helpful info and suggestions re points of interest, restaurants, etc. I would highly recommend this B&B to anyone visiting Chattanooga!" – Reviewed March, 2018 In the Area Mayor’s Mansion Inn is located in the Fort Wood Historic District of Chattanooga. Chattanooga, TN, is full of historic points of interest, outdoor attractions, unique restaurants, and fun family outings! Visit Lookout Mountain and get a stunning view of Chattanooga, venture to the unique Ruby Falls for a great outdoor experience, roam the Rock City Gardens and take in Tennessee’s natural beauty, or take a trip to the Tennessee Aquarium for a family-friendly adventure. We have an expansive list of recommendations in the area, including where to eat, things to do in Chattanooga, and the best outdoor adventures in the area. Click on the button below to learn more! Area Recommendations Lookout Mountain Ruby Falls Rock City Gardens Tennessee Aquarium Mayor's Mansion Inn Phone (423) 265-5000 Envelope [email protected] Map Marker 801 Vine Street Chattanooga, TN 37403 Facebook TripAdvisor Yelp Quick Links Home Accommodations About Mayor's Mansion Inn Specials & Packages Weddings & Events Area Recommendations Contact Us Blog Privacy Policy • Powered by FareHarbor Sites. Visit fareharbor.com to learn more. Powered by FareHarbor 