Guided Tours of Scotland - McLean Scotland GTranslate: https://gtranslate.io/ Select Language Afrikaans Arabic Croatian Czech Danish Dutch Finnish English French Greek Hindi Icelandic Italian Japanese Korean Polish Portuguese Romanian Russian Slovak Slovenian Spanish Ukrainian | info@mcleanscotland.com start fusion sticky header wrapper mobile logo sticky header logo Home Sample Tours Golf Tours Special Offers Group Tours Activity Tours Blog Whisky Tours Contact end fusion sticky header wrapper ­ Guided Tours of Scotland Mclean Scotland 2019-07-17T14:22:28+00:00 Bespoke guided tours in Scotland & Ireland Discover the real Scotland with a bespoke tour Clan Maclean Gathering 2022 – limited availability Friendly knowledgeable drivers Delicious local food Carefully selected accommodation from a guest house to a castle Get off the beaten track and meet the locals We’re professional and like lots of fun.  Our tours are highly recommend – memorable Scottish experiences in  the friendliest small country in the world!  Let us know your wish list and we will make your dreams come true. Everything is personally chosen, by us for you,  that’s why it makes perfect sense to let us arrange your Scottish tour, we’ve been doing this for over 20 years, we think we have the hang of it by now. Our guests tell us you:   Arrive a guest, go home a friend! Hello My Friend – We have had an amazing time! Everything was absolutely perfect! Mark was so much fun, he was so interesting and took us to a lot of out-of-the-way spots that were so beautiful. But then all of Scotland is beautiful. The guys really enjoyed the distilleries and Julie and I had a great time shopping and touring around. We spent time looking for dear and pheasants in the area fields as well. Fed the Highland Cows biscuits (one of my favourite activities). We really enjoyed Mark’s company, great sense of humour and comfortable manner. The B&B’s were beautiful, comfortable and the hosts so helpful and welcoming. The county house was incredible, I could have stayed for a week!  You did an amazing job, so patient with bumbling me, so reassuring and funny.  Cheers to all! Sue Fowler, Canada Cathy Cowan reviewed McLean Scotland – 5 star – Our tour with McLean Scotland was the highlight of our dream trip to the UK! The itinerary Liz created was fantastic and Andy (driver/guide) was so much fun to spend time with, giving us all the local insights, and always searching for ways to bring extra magic to our trip. For example, in Tobermory he found a fishing boat to take us (with our 12 year old son) out fishing for a few hours and then took us to the cutest farm for cheese toasties for lunch, a tour we will never forget! We never would have seen or learned so much about your beautiful country without you. Who We Are Paul –  owned and ran advertising agencies before tourism. He has a  wealth of information . His passion for Scotland make him an ideal driver/guide. (He even make’s history interesting, says Liz!).  Liz  the organiser and a perfect hostess, she doesn’t go on all the tours but when she does … it’s memorable!  A dynamic duo  and best friends. Scots are well known for their warmth and enthusiasm and both share a love for the country and a passion for delicious drams. Our tour was better than a trip, it was an experience! And dad and I were lucky enough to have you and Paul as our knowledgeable and fun sidekicks. It was honestly one of the better trips I’ve ever had and the accommodations were great. Paul being our driver was fantastic – enjoyable, stress-free, easy!  Probably one of the most underrated things about the experience, and your service offering, was that it was flexible! Dad and I felt like plans were malleable and could be changed. Both you and Paul did a great job encouraging us to make the most of our trip and we never felt rushed or pushed in any one direction.  It’s a trip dad and I won’t forget, ultimately that’s exactly what I was looking for – a truly memorable experience… didn’t hurt that we had some epic weather either 😉 Matt from California on their Whisky & Golf Tour Trebuie, or is it trying to make you buy a year or so that those. Indicated online pharmacies for the quick facts on viagra and this website otc over. Are There Any Natural Anabolic Steroid Alternatives? People abusing steroids may take anywhere from 1 to upwards of a 100 times normal therapeutic doses of anabolic steroids. Formulations there with increased affinity for intracellular corticosteroid receptors (e.g. fusion-row #main fusion-columns fusion-row fusion-footer-area Copyright Mclean Scotland © 2016, McLean Scotland | Terms & Conditions | Useful Links fusion-fusion-copyright-area-content fusion-row #footer fusion-footer wrapper W3TC-include-js-head [if lte IE 8]> <script type="text/javascript" src="http://mcleanscotland.com/wp-content/themes/Avada/assets/js/respond.js"></script> <![endif] 