Savannah Bed and Breakfast in the Historic District: McMillan Inn Check Availability (912) 201-2128 Welcome The Inn x History Policies Photo Gallery Rooms x The Carriage House The Abercorn The Lincoln The Huntingdon The Gaston The Drayton The Oglethorpe The Forsythe Room The Montgomery Room The Telfair Room The Pulaski Room The Whitaker Room The LaFayette Room Specials & Packages The Area x Attractions Map Directions Blog Welcome to McMillan Inn Rooms Specials & Packages Directions Policies Menu slide6 slide-breakfast slide5 slide3 slide-new slide2 slide1 Check Availability Welcome to McMillan Inn, a premier Savannah Inn A Luxury Savannah Inn located in the Historic District: McMillan Inn Enter a world of yesteryear when you stay at the McMillan Inn, an opulent Savannah Romantic Getaway. This lovingly restored, 1 888 Italianate Revival Inn awaits your romantic rendezvous with that special someone in your life, or perhaps simply enjoy a southern style girlfriend’s getaway. Centrally located in the Historic District, the Inn is within walking distance to all restaurants and attractions. McMillan Inn is part of the fabric of “America’s best pedestrian city” ~ a truly wonderful place to either explore… or simply hide away. Book your stay at this secluded getaway today! If you are ready to see the best of Savannah, we are ready for you. Our rooms are perfect for honeymooners, anniversary and birthday celebrations, girlfriend getaways, mother-daughter vacations (we have a room with 2 beds), or even a last minute trip.  All of our rooms have their own climate control as well as private bathrooms We have complimentary WIFI. So business travelers who want more than a hotel will find this a great base to work from.  We do not have young children staying in the Inn so you will not be disturbed should you need to work from your room.   Our rates are affordable and the rooms and Inn are over the top!  It’s only a short drive to Tybee Island so guests can borrow the beach chairs and soak up some sunshine.  Then head back home for a gourmet dinner or walk down the street to a nearby restaurant for a quick bite to eat.  Give us a call at 912-201-2128 and reserve your room at our Savannah Inn for a memorable vacation!  Step out your front door and start exploring. Elegance, value, and Victorian charm are yours to enjoy.  You can experience that “Back in the Day feel” and take advantage of some of the most affordable rates for an Inn with all the amenities and romantic atmosphere one can imagine. This is the perfect place to celebrate an anniversary, honeymoon, special occasion or just getaway and immerse yourself in complete relaxation surrounded with all the comforts of home. When you stay at the McMillan Inn your time is your own. Arrive when you like, during check in hours or anytime after. Feel free to sleep-in or rise up early. You are not restricted to any schedule. We are excited to announce that we are now serving a full breakfast to our guests starting at 9:15 daily. Some of our signature dishes include banana bread French toast, Pumpkin pancakes, Peach pie pancakes, Blueberry stuffed French toast, cream cheese icing cinnamon role casserole as well as many savory dishes such as egg casserole and hashbrown casserole, Quiche Lorraine oh & of course We wouldn’t be a southern B&B without the occasional biscuits and gravy! Fresh fruit and yogurt are also available for a lighter fare. Y’all come eat and enjoy!   Read the latest events and news from our blog: Savannah VOICE Festival 2019 – Heaven and Earth Get set for three weeks of stunning vocal performances at ... Savannah Seafood Festival 2019 – Gourmet Seafood & Spirits! The 6th annual Savannah Gourmet Seafood & Spirits Festival is ... McMillan Inn 304 East Huntingdon Street Savannah, Georgia 31401 p: (912) 201-2128 info@mcmillaninn.com Sitemap Log in Website by InsideOut Solutions [if lt IE 9]> <script src="//cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/html5shiv/r29/html5.min.js" defer="defer"></script> <![endif] » Tweet Share Share 