Home - Meadow View Guest House Home - Meadow View Guest House 53 High Street Wighton Norfolk NR23 1PF 01328 821527 Home Bedrooms Lavender Room Magnolia Room Mocha Suite Sandalwood Suite Sunrise Suite House & Gardens Breakfast Room The Hot Tub Outside seating, garden & the house Guest Lounge Food Solitaire Holiday Home Events & Attractions Beans Seal Trips Holkham Estate Local Beaches and Nature Reserves Norwich Castle Sandringham Estate Thursford Collection Walsingham Shrine and Pilgrimages Find Us Book Now Menu #masthead .site-header meta slider // meta slider Peace and luxury in the heart of Norfolk Welcome to one of the most beautiful areas of England. Immensely popular with holidaymakers, the North Norfolk coast offers a wide range of options from the 45 miles of stunning, unspoilt coastline to traditional market towns and villages, museums and places of cultural and historical interest. Perfectly placed to take advantage of the best Norfolk has to offer are Meadowview Guest House and Solitaire Holiday Home . Both are situated near the most popular attractions of Burnham Market, Holkham Nature Reserve, the incredible beach at Brancaster as well as charming local pubs and shops and more. Whether you are looking to be pampered in a room or two or book a whole house to yourselves we can help. Please be aware, we regret we are unable to accomodate children here at Meadow View. Whatever holiday you're looking for, we've got you covered Whether you need a room in an award-winning guest house or a whole luxury house to yourselves, we can help Meadowview Guest House A warm and friendly welcome awaits you at the Meadow View Guest House in the centre of Wighton, a picturesque village just three miles from the traditional resort and busy coastal town of Wells-next-the-Sea on the North Norfolk coast. Winner of several tourism awards Meadowview is your home away from home. For more information please look around the rest of the site Solitaire Holiday Home Set in South Creake, this holiday cottage is a home away from home, perfectly situated in the heart of Norfolk, just 4 miles from Burnham Market. This beautifully decorated, luxury 3 bedroom property has its own garden and free Wi-Fi. All 3 bedrooms have en-suite facilities containing bathrobes, slippers and complimentary toiletries and can sleep 6 people. The outdoor area includes a patio with barbeque facilities. The ground floor is a large, stunning open lounge area and kitchen, which opens onto the sunny, attractive garden. There is private parking available on site. The local area has an excellent pub and a children's play area and the cottage itself is just 7 miles from Skolt Head Island National Nature Reserve on the coast. For more information and to book your stay visit booking .com (N.B. This link will take you to a third party site) .entry-content #post-4 #content .site-content #primary .content-area .full-container #main .site-main Meadowview Guest House 53 High Street Wighton Norfolk NR23 1PF 01328 821527 Solitaire Holiday Home, 14 Burnham Rd., South Creake, Norfolk NR21 9JF 01328 821527 site designed and built by Design Extreme and Boom Media #footer-widgets A SiteOrigin Theme #colophon .site-footer #page-wrapper 