Luxury 5-Star Hotel in Melbourne | The Langham, Melbourne End Google Tag Manager (noscript) Google Tag Manager End Google Tag Manager Google Tag Manager (noscript) End Google Tag Manager (noscript) skip to main content The Langham Hotels & Resorts Find A Hotel Asia The Langham, Hefei The Langham, Haikou The Langham, Hong Kong The Langham, Shanghai, Xintiandi The Langham, Shenzhen Langham Place, Guangzhou Langham Place, Haining Langham Place, Ningbo Culture Plaza Langham Place, Xiamen Cordis, Beijing Capital Airport by Langham Hospitality Group Europe & Middle East The Langham, London Pacific The Langham, Melbourne The Langham, Sydney Cordis, Auckland (Formerly The Langham, Auckland) North America The Langham, Chicago The Langham Huntington, Pasadena, Los Angeles The Langham, New York, Fifth Avenue The Langham, Boston Contact Us 1865 Loyalty Programme Search Site Search Site Open Menu Search Site Search Site Overview Overview Hotel At A Glance Location The Langham Club Book Direct With The Langham Hotels & Resorts Personalise Your Stay Special Events Dates Awards Policy Personalise Your Stay Add enhancements to create a truly bespoke stay.  The Langham Club Find out all of the policy information you need to assist you during your stay at The Langham, Melbourne.  Rooms Club Dining Dining Melba Restaurant Aria Bar & Lounge Afternoon Tea with Wedgwood THE CHOCOLATE BAR HIGH TEA Langham Supper Club Melba Restaurant Experience the award winning Melba Restaurant grazing buffet. Dynamically designed and constantly evolving with interactive open kitchens and cooking stations. Afternoon Tea with Wedgwood Serving Wedgwood specialty teas in tailor-made “Langham Rose” Wedgwood tea ware with special menus created by the hotels’ pastry chefs. Events Events Meetings Weddings Social Events A Tailor Made Proposal Meeting Venues The Langham, Melbourne offers an exquisite function venue with flexible meeting rooms. Meetings With Incentives Host your next group at The Langham, Melbourne and receive a host of benefits, including the chance to win a holiday for two to Pasadena, California. Festive Celebrations Package Create enchanting memories with a festive celebration at The Langham, Melbourne. Wellness Wellness Chuan Spa Swimming Pool Fitness Studio Chuan Spa Melbourne Building on oriental traditions that seek spiritual and physical harmony by balancing the five elements: metal, wood, fire, earth and water. Swimming Pool As a guest you have an open invitation to practise your backstroke in the 15-metre long swimming pool at our distinctive Chuan Spa. Offers Offers Room Offers Dining Offers Wellness Offers Advance Purchase Book early to enjoy special rates of up to 10% off our Best Available Rate. Bed And Breakfast Create a perfect start to your celebration with daily breakfast (per person) in Melba Restaurant, plus a side of Internet. Gallery Gallery Exterior & Lobby Rooms & Suites Dining Spa & Fitness Meetings Weddings Rooms These rooms reflect an understated, classic elegance with rich fabrics and a timeless ambience. Wellness Our award-winning day spa is designed to pamper while our fully equipped Fitness Centre and indoor pool helps you stay in shape. Landscapes GIFTS The Langham Hotels & Resorts Find A Hotel Contact Us 1865 Loyalty Programme Reservations Reservations No Of Rooms No Of Rooms 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 No Of Adults No Of Adults 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 No Of Children No Of Children 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Check-in Check-out More Search Options Modify Reservations . Luxury 5-Star Hotel in Melbourne | The Langham, Melbourne Just loved it! crista16, TripAdvisor Read Reviews Deluxe Balcony Room Bask in the view of the Melbourne skyline from your own private sanctuary. 19 square metres of sprawling balcony. Plenty of room to let your mind wander. The sophisticated interiors and thoughtfully planned amenities will always lure you back. Learn More Melba Melba at The Langham Melbourne is engaging, and constantly evolving  Dynamically designed and constantly evolving with interactive open kitchens and cooking stations. Learn More Your Own Private Terrace Panorama views of the Yarra River and Melbourne skyline. Delight in your very own private terrace - 45 square meters of outdoor opulence, perfect for absolute relaxation.  Learn More The Langham, Melbourne Experience impeccable hospitality and timeless elegance in a superb location on the Southbank Promenade. Learn More Local Temperature 13 °C Local Time 12:34PM What's On at The Langham, Melbourne Pause Overview Meetings with Incentive Afternoon Tea WEDDINGS Gifts Overview The Langham Melbourne A haven in the heart of Melbourne – The Langham Melbourne Meetings with Incentive MEETINGS WITH INCENTIVES Host your meeting at The Langham, Melbourne and receive a host of benefits, including the chance to win a holiday for two to California, USA.  Learn More Afternoon Tea Afternoon Tea with Wedgwood Serving Wedgwood specialty teas in tailor-made “Langham Rose” Wedgwood tea ware with special menus created by the hotels’ pastry chefs. Learn More WEDDINGS Weddings at The Langham Let us take care of your special day with a five-star celebration at The Langham, Melbourne. Learn More Gifts The perfect gift for your loved one Delight family, friends, colleagues and clients alike. Learn More THE LANGHAM EXCLUSIVES Explore The Langham signature offers and packages at our hotel . Linger Longer Linger longer with a complimentary night and an exciting array of exclusive privileges. Learn More Advance Purchase Book early to enjoy special rates of up to 10% off our Best Available Rate. Learn More Bed and Breakfast Create a perfect start to your celebration with daily breakfast (per person) in Melba Restaurant, plus a side of Internet. Learn More Club and Suite INDULGENCE Book an indulgent club and suite experience and enjoy special rates of up to 20% off our Best Available Rate.  Learn More View All Offers 1 Southgate Avenue, Southbank, Melbourne, Victoria 3006, Australia T 61 (3) 8696 8888 F 61 (3) 9690 5889 E tlmel.info@langhamhotels.com Follow us Newsletter Signup The Langham Hotels & Resorts Media Centre Contact Us Best Rate Guarantee Careers Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Cookies Policy Sitemap © Langham Hotels International Limited. All Rights Reserved.  沪ICP备09039361号 Begin Adobe DTM Footer 2016.02.02 End Adobe DTM Footer 2016.02.02 Sojern Tag v6_js, Pixel Version: 2 End Sojern Tag 