 Michigan Back Roads Getaways and Vacations Michigan Back Roads Michigan Road Trips & Day Trips Getaways and Road Trips Home Books Festivals Getaways Lodging Oddities Road Trips Shops Trails Up North Radio   Site Search     Question or Comment Contact Ron Live Programs My events and appearances are now on my Facebook Events Page   Best Kept Secrets   Radio Broadcasts Book Descriptions PDF Books Buy Local Books Buy Online   Newsletter Advertise Audios   Video Channel About Us     Michigan Back Roads is dedicated to promoting Michigan tourism through entertainment and storytelling.  You heard about a destination that isn't particularly famous and wonder, what is there to do around there? If you are looking for fun on the back roads, you have come to the right place. The Michigan Back Roads websites, books, social media, live programs and radio broadcasts are all about just that, fun. Most of these are places that have been overlooked. Only a few are “famous”.   The websites are organized by subjects or interests. The books are organized in the same way. Michigan Back Roads destinations are organized by getaways, so you can make a day trip of it.   Getaways pages include road trips, oddities, trails, towns and more. Some are day trips or festivals and some are overnight getaways. Regions – the map on each page organizes the getaways and fun stuff by area of the state. Click on the area you are interested in. Books – Each books contains excursions to every region of Michigan. Each book covers different subjects of interest. Book chapters are often more detailed than a given web page. The books make it easy to find fun stuff around a destination. Book Description PDF .  Special Price on all 5 books. CLICK HERE FREE SHIPPING ON SET OF FIVE   Not available on Amazon. Specialized Websites - Separate websites are maintained for Gift Shops , Lodging and Up North . The Up North Michigan website is dedicated to natural wonders and trails. These are all over Michigan since, for people living in the south like Ohio, all of Michigan is “up north”.   Travel In Michigan is a free monthly newsletter.   For information to advertise - promote your event or business on any site or on radio, here is my contact information .   Copyright © 2000-2019 Michigan Back Roads - About Us - Send comments about the site - E-Mail Ron | Developed by Michigan Webs - Unless stated otherwise, all content is the opinion of the author and does not constitute legal or travel advice. Disclaimer Start of StatCounter Code for Default Guide class="statcounter" src="http://c.statcounter.com/9590519/0/64c64548/1/" alt="website statistics"> End of StatCounter Code for Default Guide 