Best DMC - Destination Management Company in New Delhi, India End Facebook Pixel Code [if lte IE 9]><link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="https://minartravels.net/wp-content/plugins/js_composer/assets/css/vc_lte_ie9.min.css" media="screen"><![endif] main wrapper of the page main header of the page logo Minar Travels main navigation Toggle Navigation main menu items and drop for mobile main navbar Home Tours Cultural, Art and Architecture Wellness and Spiritual Wildlife Safari and Adventure Luxury Trains of India Golf Escapades Business Travel and MICE Culinary and Special Interest Tours Fairs and Festivals Beyond India Experiences Medical Travel ABOUT US About Mission Awards Why Minar Minar Team Testimonials CSR CONTACT US Career START REVOLUTION SLIDER 5.4.7 fullscreen mode SLIDE MAIN IMAGE LAYERS LAYER NR. 1 LAYER NR. 2 LEADING DESTINATION MANAGEMENT COMPANY LAYER NR. 3 INDIA, NEPAL, BHUTAN & SRI LANKA LAYER NR. 4 KNOW MORE SLIDE MAIN IMAGE LAYERS LAYER NR. 5 LAYER NR. 6 27 YEARS OF RICH EXPERIENCE LAYER NR. 7 TOWARDS SHAPING YOUR JOURNEYS ON THIS BEAUTIFUL PLANET LAYER NR. 8 VIEW OUR CURATED JOURNEYS SLIDE MAIN IMAGE LAYERS LAYER NR. 9 LAYER NR. 10 Over One Million Satisfied Travellers LAYER NR. 11 Peace of Mind Guaranteed with team of over 250+ Professionals LAYER NR. 12 WHY MINAR SLIDE MAIN IMAGE LAYERS LAYER NR. 13 LAYER NR. 14 10 National Tourism Awards Winner LAYER NR. 15 Mastering the Art of Perfect Tourism Since 1992 LAYER NR. 16 EXPERIENCE INDIA END REVOLUTION SLIDER WELCOME TO MINAR TRAVELS Opening doors to the Indian sub continent Each door leads to a distinct experience in India. So, which one will you choose & who will open it for you? India is a country with impressive diversity – from artistic heritage and palaces, to opulent landscapes; it has something to offer every traveler. We’ve been making travellers happy for over 27 years. Presenting them with experiences they’ll cherish for a lifetime. As a leading DMC (Destination Management Company based in New Delhi, India) Allow us to take you through the best that India has to offer. CURATED JOURNEYS Our itineraries are hand-picked & are mostly the experiences. Explore for indulgence, travel to collect memorabilia, click to preserve the moments for the ‘Journey of a Lifetime’. Know More WHY MINAR TRAVELS Over 27 years of expertise towards excellence in travel accredited by 10 National Tourism Awards – Brand Minar proudly owns over a million satisfied travellers. Know More AWARDS 26 Awards in 27 years. We are proud to be recognised for our work, expertise & commitment and to be associated with the top trade associations across the globe. Know More OUR CURATED JOURNEYS What you seek is seeking you The choices are unlimited and our experts will bring you a lifetime experience options on a platter as per your taste, interest, time and budget. While planning an itinerary, safety and comfort of our travelers is given paramount importance. The diverse culture of India has always intrigued one and all, and has been a major crowd puller of tourists from all across the globe. Every city of India has its own culture, thus offering a vacation with unmatched cultural experiences through its food, traditions, clothes, festivals, structures and more. Each state is different in this element creating a cluster of diversity that no other country can show. Culture, Art & Architecture With India being the second largest exporter of alternative medicines (AYUSH – Ayurveda, Unani, Siddha & Homeopathy), there is no doubt that India has emerged as a hotspot for wellness tourism due to its availability of facilities – restorative cum alternative treatments through a combination of ayurveda, yoga, acupuncture, herbal massages, nature therapies and other ancient Indian healthcare therapies. Wellness and Spiritual In recent times, the popularity of adventure tourism has increased profoundly. You can choose from a variety of adventure sports such as river rafting, rock climbing, mountaineering, trekking, skiing, snow climbing, scuba diving and angling, present at multiple locations in India. Wildlife and Adventure Welcome to India – A Land of Billion Dreams. We are the Largest Luxury Trains Operator in India. Travel around in sophisticated personal carriages in fusion with services as you fall in love with the land of heritage and culture. Luxury Trains of India India doesn’t exactly spoil golfers for choice. But what it lacks in numbers it makes up in diversity. India is home to the oldest golf course outside Britain. It also has several golf courses of international standards. Further, golf events held in India have lately been attracting several domestic and international tourists. Golf Escapades We offer wide options of fixed wing aircrafts as well as Helicopters of different capacities for various purposes such as attending meetings across several cities, remote locations having poor scheduled aircraft connectivity, Medical Evacuation, Pilgrimage Tours, Leisure and Spa Tours etc. Business Travel & MICE Prepare your taste buds for a fresh adventure on one of our culinary tours. Treat your palette to the finest Indian gourmet available in grand restaurants, hotels, roadside famous eateries or even by the side of it’s by lanes. From traditional Indian Thali to tasty street foods or exclusive regional delicacies’, see baskets heaped high with colorful spices in the busy markets. Culinary & Special Interest Tours India – a land of festivals, colors & vibrant celebrations. The wide spectrum of festivals celebrated in India is a manifestation of its rich culture & traditions, where all the festivals are different from each other! Each city boasts its own history & heritage, from Pushkar’s camel fair to Kerala’s boat festival. Fairs & Festival If you’re visiting India, we suggest you explore the other gems located around the subcontinent. We combine your India itinerary with nearby countries of Maldives, Sri Lanka, Bhutan & Nepal; from pristine beaches to hill top monasteries, each country has it’s own charm & intrigue. Beyond India A regal wedding one can imagine can be experienced in Rajasthan. It has become a popular wedding destination in India and couples from all around the world come here to have a grand event. Studded with majestic palaces and forts, Rajasthan is the most sought after wedding destination for those who want to get hitched amidst royalty. Experiential Tours Make your air fantasies come true. Choose from a fleet of luxurious air planes, Light jets, Mid-size jets, Heavy jets, Helicopters, VIP Aircrafts of all different sitting capacities, which fly across all airports in India and neighboring countries. Luxury in Air Medical Tourism in India is an emerging concept, healthcare tourism industry in India with great health awareness is on boom due to its High Quality medical treatments. Medical Travel WHY CHOOSE US Put simply, we love to offer amazing holiday experiences, designed totally around you. You can expect experthonest advice, wonderful service and a journey that offers something truly remarkable. Row Backgrounds × [if lt IE 9]><script>document.createElement('video');</script><![endif] https://youtu.be/y_gdS0dWVHo A global travel solution company that sees the world from your perspective The world is limitless – there’s plenty to see, experience & learn. That is why, we at Minar, have built a Destination & Aviation Management company, affiliated with both national & international travel & tourism associations, top airlines and Aviation service providers. We assure that we provide you with an unforgettable experience every time you travel with us; whether its aviation services, tourism charter flights , cargo flights, Aircraft Ground Handling services or GSA for airlines. We at Minar are proud of our 21st century professionalism, expertise over two and half decades and our ability to customize what you want. Your hassles minimized, your comfort and business maximized; Genies don’t exist, but thankfully, Minar does. Row Backgrounds Handpicked Hotels Stay in India’s finest hotels specially chosen for your comfort & budget. International Standards Minar as a leading Destination & Aviation Management Company offers the best. Best Prices Best service come with best price guaranteed. CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY Corporate Social Responsibility has always been an integral part of the Minar Group’s vision. Over the years, Minar Group’s efforts in education, health, and environment have transformed the lives of thousands of people all over the world. At the Minar Group, Corporate Social Responsibility is not just a duty; it’s a way of life. Know More newsletter form To receive news, updates and tour packages via email. footer links Minar Travels Pvt. Ltd. +91-11-43368700 +91-11-23368713 info@minartravels.com 29 Regal Building, Connaught Place New Delhi – 110001 India About Us Mission Minar Team Awards Why Minar CSR Testimonials Newsletters Latest News Latest on E-Visa to India The government of India has decided roll out the facility of Visa –on- Arrival (VOA) to nationals … Read More e-visa Scheme at Port Blair Airport Know More Subscribe to Our Newsletter BEGIN: Constant Contact Email List Form Button Join Our Email List BEGIN: Email Marketing you can trust social wrap                                    copyright Copyright © 2018 All Right Reserved, Minar Travels India Pvt. Ltd. scroll to top GTranslate: https://gtranslate.io/ English العربية 简体中文 Nederlands English Français Deutsch Italiano Português Русский Español 