Miniloft.com - Berlin's unique apartment hotel Header Miniloft.com - Berlin's unique apartment hotel Berlin’s unique apartment hotels About us Our accommodation Our services Our team The Minilofts Miniloft Mitte Miniloft Kreuzberg Flexible pricing Photos Design and architecture Hotel design Accommodation contemplation Berlin Two central locations Miniloft Berlin guide Miniloft Berlin blog English Deutsch Nederlands Français Español Italiano Português Dansk Suomi Norsk Svenska 日本語 header Content Superb for visitors who prefer the flexibility of an apartment to a hotel room — Wallpaper* Apartments in eight stunning designs Prime locations in downtown Berlin Tailor-made guide to Berlin Environmental commitment Discover two fantastic locations in the center of Berlin Feel the city's pulse from our perfect locations in the heart of Mitte and Kreuzberg , and discover Berlin with the famous Miniloft Guidebook , our personal selection of neighborhood highlights. MINILOFT MITTE Hessische Str. 5, 10115 Berlin, Germany MINILOFT KREUZBERG Friedrichstr. 23, 10969 Berlin, Germany Explore our two great neighborhoods Feel at home in our unique architect-designed lofts Live like a local in a light, spacious Miniloft apartment. Each beautifully designed loft is equipped with everything you need to feel at home. Experience real hospitality in our award-winning building in Mitte or in our new design in Kreuzberg . The Minilofts are family owned and run by the architects. Enjoy the luxury of pure space and independence! Find out more about the beautiful accommodation we have available A few excerpts from our guest book Beautifully designed, inside and out. Warm and comfortable. Great location. The Miniloft guide is a fantastic touch. The price is right. — Neil from Edinburgh Absolutely loved everything. Design is beautiful and functional, rooms comfortable, good location. Personalized touches in the info book were great! Will definitely stay again. I wish I could live here! — Fiona from Perth It is such a pleasure to get back to Miniloft and experience the joy of independent living in Berlin! — Jen from Alexandria, VA Read more of what our guests have said about us Our tailor-made guidebook to Berlin All our guests receive a complementary copy of our own guidebook to help you feel at home in your Miniloft and live like a local in this fascinating city. Download our personally made Berlin guidebook Enjoy eco-friendly service in our environmentally conscious buildings We make environmental stewardship one of our priorities, continually striving to reduce our environmental impact. We won the SO! Apart "Green Future" award for our environmental efficiency and have gold status as one of TripAdvisor's Green Leaders. Learn more about our environmental commitment. Back to top Sidebar BreezingForms V1.9.0 Stable (build 931) Copyright(c) 2008-2013 by Markus Bopp | FacileForms Copyright 2004-2006 by Peter Koch, Chur, Switzerland. All rights reserved. Book a Miniloft Location All available Miniloft Mitte Miniloft Kreuzberg Arrival date Departure date guest(s) (over 2 years) 1 2 3 4 5 6 infant(s) (0 to 2 years) 0 1 2 apartments 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 Get price quote form end Any questions? Please get in touch. Tel.: +49 (0)30 847 109 0 (Mo–Fr / 9AM–6PM) Email: See our special offers sidebar content Footer Contact MINILOFT MITTE · Hessische Str. 5, 10115 Berlin, Germany | MINILOFT KREUZBERG · Friedrichstr. 23, 10969 Berlin, Germany Tel.: +49 (0)30 847 109 0 | Email: Listed by Recommended by Quiet, clean, aesthetically furnished. The bathtub is A+++. An excellent place to live in! Good service. Excellent with your guidebook! — Siv & Ralf from Stockholm, Sweden Read more from our guest book One of The Observer's 10 best city apartments in Europe Follow us on Facebook Recommended on TripAdvisor Available on HotelTonight Selected by Urlaubsarchitektur Member of Uniqotel Miniloft supports LGBTTIQ* equality About us The Minilofts Design and architecture Berlin Press Legal Privacy footer Cookie notice This website makes use of cookies to enhance browsing experience and provide additional functionality · Read our privacy policy · OK cookie notice 