 Hotel Miramar, Jersey | Official Website | Near St Brelade's Bay HOTEL    MIRAMAR Telephone +44 (0) 1534 743 831 Home About Rooms Restaurant Tariffs Offers Book Travel Gallery Reviews Location Contact Us Outdoor Swimming Pool Double Room Twin Room Restaurant Conservatory Bar Sun Terrace St Brelade's Bay Promenade, Jersey St Brelade's Bay, Jersey St Brelade's Bay, Jersey Online Booking Fetching results. Please wait... Arrival date Number of nights 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 Departure date Persons per room 1 2 /search.aspx _blank The following error(s) have occured: Location Mont Gras D'Eau St. Brelade Jersey JE3 8ED United Kingdom Testimonials "9 days in September" "We had a very nice time at the Miramar. All staff were very friendly, the food was good and everything was very clean." Mrs Maureen B SWINDON, UK 02 Oct 2017 » more Our Rooms St Brelade's Bay, Jersey » Events in St Brelade Hotel Miramar Car park Conservatory lounge Sun Terraces Outdoor heated swimming pool Cocktail bar Midweek and short breaks accepted » more Hotel Miramar, Jersey Guests are offered a warm and friendly welcome when they arrive at the Miramar Hotel in Jersey. Our family-run country hotel is located on a hill within delightfully secluded, sheltered gardens which overlook St. Brelade's Bay just 300 metres away. The sandy beach is a short walk away (less than 10 minutes downhill). There is a bus stop across the road with a frequent bus service so it is easy to explore the rest of Jersey without needing a car. A car park with plenty of spaces is available for guests. Vehicles are parked at owner's risk. Guests have access to free Wi-Fi in reception and conservatory areas only. Restaurant & Bar Our restaurant overlooks St Brelade's Bay and offers a varied table d'hôte menu. Enjoy the friendly atmosphere of our cocktail bar or relax in the splendour of our conservatory lounge with an aperitif or after dinner drink. Seasonal Outdoor Swimming Pool During the summer months you can soak up the sun on our sun terrace or cool off in our outdoor heated swimming pool. The swimming pool will be open from 9.00am until 7.00pm daily depending on the weather. Should the cover still remain on the pool during these hours please ask at reception for it to be removed. Please note: There is no lifeguard attendant. We can accept no responsibility for anyone using the pool or allowing their children to play nearby. Please ensure that children are supervised at all times. Hotel Miramar is rated 4.6 out of 5 stars based on 63 guest reviews . Hotel Miramar , Mont Gras D'Eau , St. Brelade , Jersey , JE3 8ED , United Kingdom Hotel in Jersey | Hotel near St Brelade | Rooms | Tariffs & Prices | Special Offers | Reviews | Contact Us | Site Map Hotel Website & Booking System by HOL 