Mnarani Beach Cottages - Nungwi, Zanzibar Home Rooms Facilities Restaurant & Bar Amenities Wellness End wrapper ul sub Activities About Welcome Our History Community Projects End wrapper ul sub Gallery Contact Us GTranslate: https://gtranslate.io/ Select Language English French Italian Russian Spanish START REVOLUTION SLIDER 5.4.8.3 fullwidth mode SLIDE MAIN IMAGE LAYERS LAYER NR. 1 Discover authentic Zanzibar SLIDE MAIN IMAGE LAYERS LAYER NR. 2 Discover authentic Zanzibar SLIDE MAIN IMAGE LAYERS LAYER NR. 3 Discover authentic Zanzibar SLIDE MAIN IMAGE LAYERS LAYER NR. 4 Discover authentic Zanzibar SLIDE MAIN IMAGE LAYERS LAYER NR. 5 Discover authentic Zanzibar SLIDE MAIN IMAGE LAYERS LAYER NR. 6 Discover authentic Zanzibar END REVOLUTION SLIDER Arrive as a guest, leave as a friend. Welcome, Karibu Mnarani. The only place in Zanzibar where visitors can see both sunset and sunrise, Mnarani Beach Cottages is a hideaway lodge on the quieter flank of the Nungwi Peninsula on Zanzibar’s North Coast. Check out of the rat race and arrive at a haven overlooking the azure waters of the Indian Ocean, away from everyday life. And where the stories run deep. Exotic, fragrance filled gardens embrace your en-suite accommodations. Be spoiled for choice with your options. Pre-season July rates are best value at 15% off. About Authentic. Homemade dishes freshly prepared from recipes handed down by chefs and family. The island is famed for its fresh seafood and variety of spices. Our menu features traditional Swahili and international dishes. Chill out on sun beds, sofas, swings, and hammocks. Either on your terrace, or the pool. Or lounge on the famed Mnarani deck area overlooking the sea. Grab a book from the library, your choice of drink from the bar, listen to the ocean to find inner peace and tranquility. About Us [if lt IE 9]><script>document.createElement('video');</script><![endif] https://www.lighthousezanzibar.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/05/Video.mp4 Experience Restaurant Family fun Relaxation Let’s relax Spa salon "BEST BEACH COTTAGE" Accommodations: Thoughtful options Our 37 rooms presented as Cottages, Deluxe & Superior Rooms, Family rooms and Penthouses. Our rates, from $65 USD per person p/n, full buffet breakfast. Receive a 10% instant discount, our best value, when you book on our website, safely and secure. Comfort $90 per night Double Rooms - Cottages $180 per night Deluxe - Zanzibar House $200 per night Superior Rooms $290 per night Family - Fishermans House $220 per night Penthouse - Zanzibar House Voted One Of The Best Beach Cottages Comfort and Tranquility Diane C "We loved our 2 night stay at Mnarani Beach Cottages. The staff were so helpful and accommodating during our stay. The food was delicious as were my fun "umbrella cocktails". We loved walking on the beach and swimming in the ocean. We also enjoyed walking around the village of Nungwi. The sunsets were incredible from here. We could have easily stayed longer." Excellent stay Theofanis Greece "Great location, quiet but walking distance from beach restaurants and bars in Nungwi beach. Amazing sundeck in front of the sea. Staff extremely helpful. Property was clean and tidy. Food was good as well." Super friendly and good value Verashni "The staff at this place are so special. The deal that includes breakfast and dinner is such great value. The food was nice - a decent spread. A bit far from the main public beach, but it has access to the sea from the deck albeit on to reef at low tide and water at high. The deck is incredible: watching the sunset and moonrise over the water while eating dinner every night is lovely" Perfect stay! Jen "We had such a great trip! The rooms were clean and large (we had a family apartment). The overall feel was simple but extremely relaxing. It’s small enough that you are well taken care of, but not overrun with tourists and salesmen trying to book excursions. The view is unbeatable, and to read in a hammock overlooking the water is just perfect! Andrew took care of us with meals, which were healthy and varied." Incredibly Awesome Aftab S "Firstly, full rating goes to the staff. If it was not for them. My vacation would not be complete. Khalid the manager has managed his team very well. Including Khamis and Jumma at the bar who are very eco-friendly and extremely welcoming.. Best place to stay in Zanzibar." Discount! Special Offer " Book Online and get 15% off". The offer applies for online booking only. Book Now! Visit our sister property - Pemba Eco Lodge #main-content Mnarani Beach Cottages Mnarani Beach Cottages is a small, intimate lodge on the quieter flank of the Nungwi Peninsula on Zanzibar’s North Coast. Our 37 rooms, set in a beautiful garden by the sea, are all en-suite with a/c, fans, safes and lovely spacious verandahs. Useful Links Home Rooms Facilities About Activities Gallery Contact Us Contact us +255 24 22 40 94 Mobile / WhatsApp +255 777 41 5551  +255 655 41 7070 mnarani@zanlink.com Mnarani Beach Cottages Ltd. P.O. Box 3361, Nungwi, North Coast, Zanzibar #colophon end main-content .wrapper-container Book Now Home Rooms Facilities Restaurant & Bar Amenities Wellness End wrapper ul sub Activities About Welcome Our History Community Projects End wrapper ul sub Gallery Contact Us 