Welcome to Motueka TOP 10 Holiday Park | Motueka TOP 10 Holiday Park Google Tag Manager (noscript) End Google Tag Manager (noscript) Home Accommodation Motueka Motels Motueka Cabins Motueka Sites Motueka Group Accommodation Facilities Conference Room Adventures Cycle Hub Abel Tasman Golden Bay Local Options Nelson Specials About Us Gallery Guest Reviews Park Info Park Map Sustainable Tourism Book Online Gift Vouchers Contact Book Online 0800 668 835 Home Accommodation Motueka Motels Motueka Cabins Motueka Sites Motueka Group Accommodation Facilities Conference Room Adventures Cycle Hub Abel Tasman Golden Bay Local Options Nelson Specials About Us Gallery Guest Reviews Park Info Park Map Sustainable Tourism Book Online Gift Vouchers Contact Motueka - Gateway to the Abel Tasman National Park Book Online Best Price Guaranteed We will guarantee you the BEST PRICE when you book directly with us - so book onlline, email or call us. #1 On Trip Advisor We're ranked number 1 on Trip Advisor under 'Motueka Speciality Lodging'. Check Rates & Availability Adults 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Children 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Infants 0 1 2 3 Welcome to Motueka TOP 10 Holiday Park Motueka is the gateway to the stunning Abel Tasman National Park, home to one of New Zealand's 9 Great Walks and where one day is definitely not enough. Motueka is the closest service town to the Abel Tasman National Park - your local tropical paradise. In Motueka, you can try horse trekking, tramping, paragliding, sea kayaking, tandem skydiving, helicopter or fixed wing flights and swim in clear blue waters.  Motueka TOP 10 Holiday Park is only 300m to the centre of Motueka for shops, banks, supermarkets, cafés and restaurants. If in town over the weekend make sure you check out the local market located in Decks Reserve each Sunday from 9am-1pm. We highly recommend getting a German Bratwurst sausage from Doris. Sit back and relax in our peaceful park like grounds, amongst mature trees & native birdlife.  We offer a range of quality accommodation and spacious sites for campervans, caravans & tents. You’ll also have access to a modern, open plan conference room which can be set up to meet your specific requirements. We offer a complete booking service for all sightseeing, transport and adventure activities in our region. Ask us first. Our local knowledge is extensive and we guarantee you won't get a better deal elsewhere. You may even need an extra night or two! Motueka TOP 10 Holiday Park  is proudly owned and operated by Ashlee and Ben Ilton who purchased the Holiday Park from Jeanette and Steve Edwards in April 2019.      <a href="https://www.youtube.com/embed/WdRNMyhrr3s?wmode=opaque&amp;loop=1&amp;playlist=WdRNMyhrr3s&amp;showinfo=0&amp;autohide=1">Embedded video for Welcome to Motueka TOP 10 Holiday Park</a> Adventures Motueka TOP 10 is the perfect place to base yourself while exploring all that this fabulous region has to offer. TOP Picks include day walks & sea kayaking into the Abel Tasman - talk to the team as our local knowledge is extensive. Read More Accommodation Kai Ora and welcome to our place! We offer a wide range of fabulous and comfortable accommodation options to suit all travellers from motel units, kitchen and standard cabins, powered and non-powered sites for caravans, campervans, RV and tents all set in our park like setting amongst mature trees and native bird life. Read More Book Online Make a booking! We've kept it simple so you can book the accommodation type that best suits your travelling needs. Remember to make sure you allow enough time to explore the stunning Nelson / Tasman region as well as the Abel Tasman National Park. Read More About Us Motueka TOP 10 Holiday Park is currently owned by Jeanette & Steve Edwards and managed by Jeanette's niece Ashlee Ilton and her husband Ben, who thrive on giving excellent customer service and 'creating memories' for all our guests. Read More Awards & Affiliates Widget container Widget script Membership Join the TOP 10 Club today and save 10% off* accommodation at all TOP 10 Holiday Parks, 10% off Interislander ferry travel, 10% off* accommodation at BIG4 Holiday Parks in Australia PLUS over 500 regional benefits! *T&C's apply Membership Benefits Member Login Join Now Quick Links Home Accommodation Motueka Motels Motueka Cabins Motueka Sites Motueka Group Accommodation Facilities Conference Room Adventures Cycle Hub Abel Tasman Golden Bay Local Options Nelson Specials About Us Gallery Guest Reviews Park Info Park Map Sustainable Tourism Book Online Gift Vouchers Contact Contact Us Motueka TOP 10 Holiday Park International +64 3 528 7189 Free Phone 0800 668 835 Email info@motuekatop10.co.nz Street Address 10 Fearon Street Motueka , Tasman 7120 New Zealand Translate Page © 2019 Motueka TOP 10 Holiday Park. All Rights Reserved. Web Design by 