Self Catering - Beach House Self-Catering Cottage, Isle of Mull Beach House Self-Catering Cottage, Isle of Mull Search Primary Menu Skip to content Self Catering Amenities Gallery Getting to Mull Mull History Mull Wildlife Places to Visit on Mull Useful numbers for Mull Availability Terms & Conditions Blog Mull Links Contact Us Search for: #masthead Self Catering .entry-header BEACH HOUSE is generously proportioned self-catering holiday rental accommodation situated on the Isle of Mull in Scotland’s Inner Hebrides. With one of the most spectacular views on the Isle of Mull, Beach House is a vacation spot for people with a love of wildlife, breathtaking scenery and an enthusiasm for the great outdoors. Beach has two living rooms and each has a porch looking out over the hill to the south and Loch Scridain to the North. Click the picture for more interior shots. The former farmhouse sleeps up to eight adults or a combination of adults and kids in four bedrooms. There is also a cot for infants. Click here for a detailed list of facilities at Beach House; one of Mull’s best self-catering holiday homes. You can see more interior photos here . Situated on a hillside on the Ross of Mull to the south of the island, Beach House offers uninterrupted views across Loch Scridain to the 3,000-foot Ben More mountain – the tallest on the island. Deer are frequently spotted just below the house and the shoreline boasts a family of otters, with seals and even the occasional sea eagle being spotted high above, rising on the summer thermals around Mull. CLICK HERE TO BOOK OR CALL +44 (0)131 669 3082 OR USE SKYPE TO skype status THE HOUSE A view from Beach looking down to Loch Scridain Within Pennyghael estate, Beach is a converted farmhouse with eight acres of grounds and offers every comfort for a relaxing family or group holiday. The cosy porch on the front of the house is perfect for an evening drink without venturing outside but still taking in the breathtaking views and impressive scenery as the sun sets at sea. In the past, the old walled garden supplied fresh flowers to Iona Abbey, with seven monks tending the grounds and, although not reinstated to its former glory, the enclosed garden offers many colourful flowers and plants, which are protected by a deer fence. The immediate area offers many interesting walks to ruined villages, shoreline and waterfalls. With sandy beaches just a short drive away, excellent loch fishing (by permit) or just fishing off the rocks, and Loch Scridain for canoeing, there is plenty to do for young or old nearby. THE ISLAND The rest of the island has much to offer . The largest town on Mull is Tobermory, more recently made famous by the children’s programme “Balamory”. Here you will find restaurants, deli/bakery, pottery, chocolate shop, distillery, supermarket and much more. Across Mull are other enjoyable eateries offering a range of food choices. Nearby in Bunessan there is a shop for re-stocking self-catering supplies as well as a hotel offering meals. Fionnphort is where you can catch a ferry on frequent crossings to the Island of Iona and the Keel Row pub back on Mull has a good choice of bar or restaurant service. Iona also sports a number of good eateries. As well as a number of places to eat, Craignure now offers a swimming pool, the first on the Island and a great resource for letting kids expend some energy whilst the parents get pampered. Beach isn't so much a sandy strip of coastline as a Gaelic name pronounced 'bee-ack', meaning 'Bee'. The ferry for day trips to the Isle of Iona, with its famous restored Abbey, white beaches and historic marble quarry, is just a 20-minute drive from Beach House. In spring, the island is covered in flowers and, in summer, a late ferry will bring you back, perhaps after eating in the wonderful island restaurant having spent the day walking all round the island and enjoying the beautiful sea views. FERRY Mull is accessed by ferry from three points – Oban / Craignure, Lochaline / Fishnish and Kilchoan / Tobermory. All ferries are operated by Caledonian MacBrayne, or Calmac for short, www.calmac.co.uk and prior booking for cars is essential during the busy holiday season. — .entry-content #post-## #content #primary #main-content A spacious self catering house on the Isle of Mull with spectacular views and superb visitor reviews, Beach House is a must for your holiday in Scotland. CONTACT US Have a question? Call +44 (0)131 669 3082. Or send a message via our ' Contact Us ' page. Click to email directly here . #primary-sidebar #secondary #main Proudly powered by WordPress .site-info #colophon #page Powered by WPtouch: 4.3.35 