The Mumbles Hotel – Accommodation, Mumbles, Gower, Swansea, Wales Top header Tel: 01792 360450 info@mumbles-hotel.co.uk Header Brand and toggle get grouped for better mobile display Toggle navigation Logo  Home Accommodation Location Booking Offers Golf Activities Gallery Contact Revolution Slider START REVOLUTION SLIDER 4.6.5 fullwidth mode SLIDE MAIN IMAGE LAYERS SLIDE MAIN IMAGE LAYERS SLIDE MAIN IMAGE LAYERS SLIDE MAIN IMAGE LAYERS SLIDE MAIN IMAGE LAYERS END REVOLUTION SLIDER Reservation form Guests Favourite Rooms Room Family Room From £100 a night The Mumbles Carlton Hotel Overlooks Swansea Bay in the centre of Mumbles Village. Many rooms have sea views. Incl. breakfast En-Suite Free Wi-Fi Ironing Facilities 2/4 persons Sofa Bed Book now Room Single Room From £80 a night The Mumbles Carlton Hotel  In the centre of Mumbles Village. Incl. breakfast Sea View Double Bed Free Wi-Fi Ironing Facilities En-Suite Bathroom Book now Room Twin Bedroom From £95 a night The Mumbles Carlton Hotel  Overlooks Swansea Bay in the centre of Mumbles Village. Many rooms have sea views.   Incl. breakfast Flat Screen TV En-Suite Bathroom Free Wi-Fi Sea view Wifi Book now Hotel Benefits Bar is Open till Late We have a great selection of drinks at a fantastic price. So you can have a few drinks before hitting the local night spots. Deposit required before arrival A deposit of one night per room will be taken in advance from the Debit/Credit card used to book your accommodation. Breakfast included Our breakfast is one of the best around, with a wide selection from our hot & cold buffets all served with tea or coffee. Sea View The Mumbles Hotel is right on the seafront from and flattest part of mumbles, so great for wheelchair access. Gallery Wrapper for slides Google Inside View What Other Visitors Experienced Searched the internet and i found, booked and visited this hotel that i like to call utopia... Kim Jones, Single Room I give it a 5 out of 5! Great hotel, friendly staff, clean, relaxing... Yep i'm coming back! Sandra Donnathan, Double Room Such a nice place... Next time i will book a 3 weeks stay at this place. Rosanne O'Donald, Single Room By far the best hotel in the city! Location is nice and the service is great! Carl Adams, Single Room Hotel Tabs Our hotel Events Children Pets Terms The Mumbles Hotel is an independent, family-run hotel which has had a presence on the scenic Mumbles seafront for over thirty years. It has recently undergone a major expansion and refurbishment resulting in a 33-bedroom hotel. Just 10 minutes away is Swansea City Centre with its famous covered market, shopping centres and lively night-life The Carlton is part of Mumbles’ ‘Golden Mile’, a line-up of select pubs and quality restaurants. Local flavour is added by villagers who visit the Carlton bar and restaurant frequently. All children are welcome and if they are under 3 years old they can stay free of charge when using existing beds. An additional child from 3 to 16 years a charged GBP 10 per child per night in an extra bed is payable. All further children from 3 to 16 years are charged GBP 5 per person per night for extra beds. The maximum number of extra beds/children’s cots permitted in a room is 1. Any extra bed or child’s cot/crib is upon request and needs to be confirmed by management. Supplements are not calculated automatically in the total costs and will have to be paid for separately during your stay. Pets are allowed on request. Charges are applicable. Check-In – Check-Out Check-in time 1400 hrs & Check-out time 1100 hrs. Cancellation If you cancel 5 days before your arrival date you will not be charged. However if you cancel within the 5 day window you will be charged for the first night booked. Footer Our Hotel in Mumbles, Swansea. The Mumbles Carlton Hotel overlooks Swansea Bay in the centre of Mumbles Village. Many rooms have sea views. The hotel has been recently been refurbished, and all rooms have an en suite bathroom. For guests there is a television lounge to relax where you can enjoy drinks from the bar. The pier is within walking distance, and Swansea city centre is 10 minutes away. Search Newsletter MailChimp for WordPress v4.2.1 - https://wordpress.org/plugins/mailchimp-for-wp/ Sign-up for our latest news and special offers. Email address: Leave this field empty if you're human: / MailChimp for WordPress Plugin Mumbles (Carlton) Hotel 654-656 Mumbles Road Mumbles, Gower, Swansea, Wales, SA3 4EA Tel: +44 (0) 1792 360450  Fax: +44 (0) 1792 367398 info@mumbles-hotel.co.uk ©2019 All Rights Reserved The Mumbles Hotel - Accommodation, Mumbles, Gower, Swansea, Wales Rooms Go-top Button [if lte IE 9]> <script type='text/javascript' src='http://mumbles-hotel.co.uk/wp-content/plugins/mailchimp-for-wp/assets/js/third-party/placeholders.min.js?ver=4.2.1'></script> <![endif] 