The Mustard Tree, St Ives B & B with Parking The Mustard Tree, St Ives B & B with Parking Menu Skip to content Home Availability & Bookings Local Information Rooms Facilities Location Contact Us Green Policy #masthead About Us The Mustard Tree is an AA 4* quality guesthouse is situated in Carbis Bay overlooking the St Ives bay area and Godrevy Lighthouse. It has a delightful garden and free private parking. Guests are provided with keys for access at any time. The Carbis Bay beach is a five-minute walk away and St Ives town, with all its beaches, charm and character, is only a five-minute drive, bus or train ride away We pride ourselves in providing good quality B&B service all year round, providing an ideal base for holidays and short breaks in St Ives bay. We are members of St Ives Tourism Association.   2018 Update:   The Mustard Tree has changed ownership for 2018 following the retirement of Anne and John Hammond after 12 successful years at The Mustard Tree where they had developed a fantastic  reputation with guests and the local community. We are proud to take over The Mustard Tree from them as we know it has been in great hands. Mark and Anna are now the new owners and we  offer the same friendly, clean and quality environment. This is all done with a personal touch as we are both actively involved in the day to day running of the Mustard Tree to ensure highest standards are consistently met in all areas. We offer spacious, clean and comfortable bedrooms (all with shower). Our guest lounge offers comfortable space for guests to relax and meet with others or to watch the large screen tv. Alternatively you can enjoy our glorious garden with seating too.       We serve freshly cooked breakfast each morning always using local ingredients, we offer a delicious and wide menu for all tastes. Special Offers : Each month we look to offer additional deals to offer greater value to our guests.These can be seen on our facebook page or by phoning us on 01736 795677.   Green Policy: The Mustard Tree is a ‘green’ Guest-House . We are trying to develop ways of working that have minimal impact on the environment, enhance the local community and yet are economically viable. .entry-content .entry-meta #post #comments .comments-area #content #primary Contents About Us Rooms Facilities Location Contact Us Green Policy Availability & Bookings Local Information #secondary #main .wrapper Proudly powered by WordPress .site-info #colophon #page WiredMinds eMetrics tracking with Enterprise Edition V5.4 START WiredMinds eMetrics tracking with Enterprise Edition V5.4 END 