MySunnyEscapes.com: Rent holiday villas with private pool in Crete! Login Email: Password:   Forgot Password?   Not a member? Register Name: Email: Surname: Password: Phone (All fields required) +30 28211 13527     info@mysunnyescapes.com Home Book a Villa Crete Chania Heraklion Rethymnon Lasithi Cyclades Mykonos Santorini City Info General information about the region Chania Chania is gifted by nature, God and our ancestors. We invite you to experience the genuine Cretan hospitality in Chania. Heraklion Heraklion is the largest urban centre in Crete with approximately 150,000 people, the capital of the region and the economic centre of the island. Rethymno Rethymnon, a place blessed with beauty, embraced by breathtaking mountains and the deep blue of the Mediterranean, decorated with renaissance colors and inhabited by people. Lasithi Lasithi is the easternmost regional unit on the island of Crete. To the east of the village of Elounda lies the island of Spinalonga, formerly a Venetian fortress and a leper colony. Santorini The impressive caldera dominates the west part of the island while the almost continuous sunshine create year-around conditions which are perfect for observation Contact Us About Us White Pearl Villa Elounda, Lasithi, Crete more details 5-bedroom luxury villa in Chania | ref: #11020 Platanias, Chania more details Luxury Suites in Chania | ref: #11108 Old Harbour, Chania more details 4-bedroom villa in Santorini | ref: #55069 Fira, Santorini more details 3-bedroom luxury villa in Chania | ref: # 11040 Kontomari, Chania more details Crete > Chania > Rethymno > Heraklion > Lasithi Cyclades > Mykonos > Santorini BROWSE THROUGH OUR VILLA COLLECTION Chania show all villas Heraklion show all villas Rethymnon show all villas Elounda show all villas Santorini show all villas Mykonos show all villas FOR A COMPLETE VACATION EXPERIENCE WE OFFER: - CAR RENTAL - CHEF | BABYSITTING | YOGA INSTRUCTOR | BEAUTY TREATMENT - OUTDOOR ACTIVITIES | HIKING | SNORKELING | SAILING - CUSTOM EXCURSIONS MySunnyEscapes.com is an online tourism services agency in Greece that specializes in vacation home rental. We offer a variety of holiday villas in Crete, Santorini and Mykonos that will fulfill every demand. A luxury villa near the beach or a private house with swimming pool, our travel experts will help you choose the ideal villa for you. We are dedicated to providing our customers high quality services at the lowest price. So, all villas listed in our website are carefully chosen to ensure they meet our highest standards. Spend your family holidays, your honeymoon or your summer vacation in Crete and rent a holiday villa! OUR PARTNERS WEBSITE INFO Home About Us Contact Us Extra Services Career Opportunities Terms & Conditions DESTINATION Chania Heraklion Rethymnon Lasithi Santorini Mykonos NEWSLETTER   FIND US   10, Koroneou str., 73136, Chania, Greece   (+30) 2821 113527   (+30) 6948887094   info@mysunnyescapes.com         Subscribe to our Newsletter and you will informed about new villas, special discounts and many other offers. Click here to Subscribe   Copyright MySunnyEscapes.com 2014 | All Rights Reserved 