Naxos Magic Village Navigation | START Book Online Home Rooms Double Room Sea View Double Room Triple Room Sea View Triple Room Family Standard Room Restaurant Gallery About Us The Location Contact Languages | START EN GR FR Languages | END Book Online Navigation | END Header | START Cycladic Architecture and Spectacular View Explore The Hotel Spacious Comfortable And Clean Rooms See The Rooms A Gourmet Dining Experience The Restaurant 1 Room 2 Rooms 3 Rooms 4 Rooms 5 Rooms 6 Rooms 1 Adult 2 Adults 3 Adults 4 Adults 5 Adults 6 Adults 7 Adults 8 Adults 9 Adults 10 Adults 11 Adults 12 Adults 0 Children 1 Child 2 Children 3 Children 4 Children 5 Children 6 Children 7 Children 8 Children 9 Children 10 Children 11 Children 12 Children Book a Room Header | END Content | START The hotel with the best view in Naxos Built amphitheatrically on the slope of Stelida hill so as to offer a breathtaking view of the Aegean sea and the nearby town of Naxos (also known as Chora), Naxos Magic Village Hotel invites you to enjoy truly magical and relaxing holidays on the historic island of Naxos in the Cyclades. USP Boxes | START The Hotel Naxos Magic Village Hotel has been designed and built according to the principles of traditional Cycladic architecture, with stone-paved paths and white washed walls, which express the beauty, simplicity and local character of Naxos and the Cycladic islands. Pool Bar & Restaurant With its traditional décor, the restaurant of the Naxos Magic Village Hotel offers its guests a wide range of dishes, all of which are made according to traditional Greek recipes and using local Naxian products, thus creating a unique gastronomic experience. Location Naxos Magic Village Hotel is located in the area of Stelida, close to the town of Naxos. Built amphitheatrically, on the slope of the hill, it provides a spectacular view of the town and the world famous temple of Apollo, also known as “Portara”. USP Boxes | END Content | END Gallery Slider | START Browse Our Gallery Gallery Slider | END Sitewide Extras | START List Items (Specials Slider) | START Offers & Discounts Up to 20% off Enjoy discounts of up to 20% off the normal online prices. For our latest offers and discounts, please get in touch with us directly via phone or email. View More Naxos and the nearby islands Naxos is is a unique travel destination, and the largest of the Cycladic islands. For more information about Naxos and the nearby islands, please visit naxos.gr View More List Items (Specials Slider) | END Sitewide Extras | END Footer | START Contact Details info@naxosmagicvillage.com Tel (1): +30 22850 26590 Tel (2): +30 22850 24004 Fax: +30 22850 24197 Address Naxos Magic Village, Stelida 84300, Naxos, Cyclades Islands How To Get Here From the Port Distances 250 meters from a sandy beach 1,5 Km from Ag. Prokopios beach 4,5 km from the town of Naxos and the port 1,5 km from the airport Naxos Magic Village Hotel - ΜΗΤΕ / GNTO CRN 1174Κ033Α1337201 Footer Links | START Copyright © Naxos Magic Village Footer Links | END Footer | END Promo Popup | START Our latest special offers, straight to your inbox Stay up to date with the latest specials from Base Hotel. Subscribe and save on your next stay. Subscribe Continue browsing site Promo Popup | END 