The New 401 Inn – Vancouver | Burnaby | The best-located, friendliest, economy hotel! Home Find Us About Us Contact Us Grocery and Convenience 2950 BOUNDARY RD, BURNABY, View on Map Call Us: 1-604-438-3451 END .top-bar-wrapper Main Navigation Reservation Rooms Attractions Amenities Contact Grocery and Convenience END .header-wrapper END .header-container-wrapper WELCOME TO LEARN MORE ABOUT US More About Us + Our Central Location View Details + INQUIRIES AND RESERVATIONS Make A Reservation + WELCOME TO THE 401 HOTEL   Thank you for considering staying with us! The 401 Inn is the hotel of choice for tourists, business people and other visitors to Vancouver and Burnaby. Under new ownership since April 2012, the hotel has been recently updated and offers well furnished, spacious rooms at extremely competitive rates. Each of our 31 rooms has its own private balcony. All rooms also include free parking, free wireless internet, and a landline phone with free local calls. Select units offer stunning views of the North Shore mountains and Downtown Vancouver. Please come enjoy the hospitality offered by our exceptionally friendly and helpful staff. Sit back, relax, and enjoy a complimentary gourmet coffee from our lobby. Or get some fresh air in our open-air courtyard and garden. We look forward to serving you. Thank you! WHY CHOOSE US? Amazing Location! Extremely well-situated, the 401 Inn is minutes to Hwy #1, allowing you access to the entire Lower Mainland. We are walking distance to Wal-Mart, grocery stores, BCIT, and the Skytrain Bus #28 comes right outside our door! Burnaby Hospital is a few minutes drive away. Under a 15 minute drive to downtown Vancouver. Your Room includes a Balcony + More! Get some fresh air or take in the mountain views from our Select View Rooms. All of our rooms also include a fridge and microwave. We have several pet-friendly rooms and kitchenette rooms also available. Free wi-fi, free parking, and all the coffee you can drink in our lobby! Fast, Friendly Service As a smaller 31-unit, boutique hotel, we pride ourselves in being able to offer friendly, fast, and personalized service. We invite you to check us out View Rooms All Open Detail Open Gallery Standard Queen Room From $89 per night Open Detail Open Gallery Double-Queen Room From $99 per night Open Detail Open Gallery Corporate Suite From $109 per night END .page-wrapper page-outer-wrapper END .row-wrapper main-wrapper END .main-outer-wrapper 401 Inn 2950 Boundary Road Burnaby, BC Canada Call Us: 604-438-3451 frontdesk@new401inn.com Site Links Rooms Attractions Amenities Contact Grocery and Convenience Copyright © 2013 All Rights Reserved. END .footer-wrapper END .footer-outer-wrapper END .body-wrapper END .body-outer-wrapper 