B&B accommodation - Newcastle - Northern Ireland | Informative accommodation for golfers and hill walkers, mountain bikers, Home About Us Rooms Shimna Room Burren Room Glen Room Mill Room Trassey Lounge/Dining Room Things to do A Golfers Dream Gallery Pay Online Contact Us Booking Enquiry If travelling with children please use the contact us page All form fields are required. Number of guests 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Preferred room Burren....(Double) Shimna...(Double, or triple, link beds) Glen........(Twin) Mill..........(Single) Reason for visit Golf Hill Walking Visiting Friends Wedding Concert Relaxing break Part of a traveling holiday Work related Other Spam Blocker question: 7 - 3 = Welcome to the Amble In B&B  Luxury Accommodation and a warm welcome in the heart of Newcastle. Platinum award                    We are proud to provide accommodation for golfers, hill walkers and Geocaching enthusiasts. Hundreds of caches in interesting places to be found. 500M from the 1st tee RCD and at the foot of the Mourne  mountains. We have four rooms,  a triple, a double, a twin and a single room with a 6′-8″ (2030mm) bed. The Amble In is a new and innovative addition to the ever growing popularity of Luxury Homely Bed and Breakfast B&B establishment in Newcastle situated a few hundred yards from the world famous Royal County Down golf course, Slieve Donard the highest of the Mourne Mountain range and Mourlough National Nature reserve.  We have been awarded World Host Recognition for our level of customer care, we listen to our guests  and understand their needs. While you are here this is your home. Amble In is a veritable haven of rest and relaxation for the discerning visitor.     Burren Room A spacious room, tastefully decorated with highly polished floor, hospitality tray and a large en-suite with a powerful mains shower. Click here to see inside our rooms And for Breakfast Breakfast is the most important meal of the day, and we at Amble In B&B source our products locally, we have ensured as many products as possible are Fairtrade, natural and free from additives and preservatives, to give you a real Irish breakfast experience. Freshly cooked breakfast served between 8:00 and  9:00am or “Golfers special”  from 6:45am.   Set for breakfast in Trassey room. We offer; Choice of Tea or coffee Choice of Juice and Yoghurt Home made soda bread and Pancakes Light cooked breakfast Early morning Golfers special Full Ulster fry (Special diets catered for)   Discover the Hidden Gems of Newcastle County Down! Have you ever wanted to spend a romantic afternoon strolling along the beach or in the countryside? Maybe you’ve dreamed of sipping a cuppa or a glass and watching the little boats bobbing in the harbour and let time go by or swinging a few clubs at RCD. Well, dreams really do come true. Join us for a vacation that you’ll never forget. Check out Things to do Amble In bed and breakfast is the perfect getaway for couples and families, and we’re only a couple of hours from Dublin and an hours from Belfast. We are proud of our 5* certificate of excellence award. There’s free WiFi too. We speak English, can converse French and German. We accept UK Pounds, US Dollar, EU Euro (exchange rate on the day)   We offer a special seasonal deal on all bookings of two nights or more. We’re looking forward to meeting you in 2019/2020   Note:- The TripAdvisor GreenLeaders Programme showcases a variety of eco-friendly hotels and B&Bs, from budget to luxury – and they’re all committed to green practices like recycling, local and organic food and Fairtrade products. (We achieved this Platinum award for our low carbon footprint, use of fair trade and local products, using rainwater to flush our toilets and our vehicle runs on LPG). Have a look around the house with our 360º virtual tour. Amble In: 14 Bryansford Gardens, Newcastle, County Down, BT33 0EQ, Northern Ireland Telephone: (+44) 028 4372 4552 Mobile: (+44) 0776 201 9191 Email: info@newcastlebandb.com A Golfers Dream Gallery Rooms About Us Links Contact Us ngg_resource_manager_marker 