Luxury Lake District Bed and Breakfast | New House Farm End Facebook Pixel Code Facebook Twitter Instagram Telephone: 07841 159 818 | Email: hazel@newhouse-farm.co.uk start fusion sticky header wrapper mobile logo sticky header logo HOME WEDDINGS Calendar Weddings Wedding Information Wedding Gallery Wedding Videos Booking Form ACCOMMODATION New House Farm B&B The Old Dairy Swinside Whiteside The Stable Low Fell Booking Form Scale Hill Self Catering Cottages Barty’s Lanthwaite Howe House Brackenthwaite Sheila’s Shell cottage Check Availability / Book TEA ROOM FUNCTIONS BROCHURE BLOG LOCATION CONTACT US end fusion sticky header wrapper Home colour_farm 2019-04-16T14:20:19+00:00 About us New House Farm is a Grade II listed luxury country guest house and wedding venue, dating back to 1650 and set within fifteen acres of open fields, woods, streams and ponds, surrounded by stunning views of the Lakeland Fells. Located in the stunning Lorton Vale between the picturesque villages of Buttermere and Lorton, our guest house offers the perfect base to explore the Lake District, renowned for its breath-taking scenery, wildlife, history and culture. The adjoining Hayloft barn offers a beautiful rustic wedding venue for couples looking to tie the knot in a romantic, intimate setting. It is also perfect for other functions such as birthday parties, christenings and more. NEW HOUSE FARM Weddings Incredible panoramic views and an original Lakeland barn make New House Farm the perfect location to host your special day. The Hayloft has been lovingly restored to the highest standards and combines rustic chic with modern facilities. It can cater for up to 130 people with the added benefit of having its own professional kitchen. The Hayloft is a bright and airy venue with beautiful oak beams and original stone walls. Our venue gives you the freedom to create your own style, unrestricted by inflexible layouts or colour schemes. It is a blank canvas to which you can add all the personal touches and little details that will make your wedding unique! The landscape surrounding our venue looks incredible all year round and provides a magical setting for your wedding celebrations. The Lake District offers some of the most beautiful and scenic views in the country, so you be certain that your wedding photographs will look spectacular. New House Farm is available for exclusive use and all of our luxury onsite accommodation can be reserved for your special day. Should you require additional accommodation, Scale Hill has 6 self-catering cottages and is just 1.5 miles away from New House Farm. READ MORE Accommodation You can be assured of a warm and friendly welcome combined with luxurious rooms and peaceful surroundings during your stay at New House Farm. We offer a unique selection of bedrooms, all of which have been traditionally styled to complement the building, its history and its architecture. We serve a hearty cooked breakfast every morning to set you up for the day ahead and the opening fire will be crackling on cooler days. If you’re looking for somewhere to explore, the market towns of Cockermouth and Keswick are both nearby, home to a fantastic array of cafes, restaurants, shops and attractions. SEE ACCOMMODATION Tea Room Our tearooms are situated in the original cow byres on the ground floor of a traditional Lakeland Bank Barn, circa 1886. The huge fire in the corner provides the perfect place to get warmed up after a fresh springtime stroll through the Lakes and we have outdoor seating for sunny days. We serve a wide selection of afternoon teas, delicious sandwiches and paninis, salads and light lunches. You can also enjoy a variety of sweet treats including freshly baked cakes, indulgent English Lakes Ice Cream and home-made puds. Please note our tearoom is seasonal, open from around mid-March and closing annually at the end of October. Please note  that the Tea Room closes when we are hosting a private function during the week, so we recommend giving us a call before you drop in to avoid disappointment! You can contact Hazel on: 07841 159 818 READ MORE Planning your wedding With our experienced approach to wedding planning, you can be assured that your wedding preparations will come together to create an unforgettable day. We have a directory of trusted suppliers and services, from churches and caterers to flowers and photographers, so we can source everything you need to create the wedding of your dreams. Get in touch to start planning your dream wedding, call Hazel on: 07841 159 818 or email: hazel@newhouse-farm.co.uk READ MORE Click to view Wedding brochure STAY UP TO DATE colour_farm 2019-06-07T16:17:17+00:00 Rebecca and Alex’s Gorgeous Autumn Lake District Wedding at New House Farm June 7th, 2019 | 0 Comments colour_farm 2019-05-30T09:43:59+00:00 Jasmyn and Huw’s Stunning Lake District Wedding at New House Farm May 30th, 2019 | 0 Comments colour_farm 2019-03-21T17:05:00+00:00 Suzi and Rob’s Rustic Lake District Wedding at New House Farm March 21st, 2019 | 0 Comments fusion-row #main ABOUT US New House Farm is a luxury country guest house and wedding venue set within fifteen acres of open fields, woods, streams and ponds, surrounded by stunning views of the Lakeland Fells. QUICK LINKS Home About Us Weddings Accommodation Tea Room Functions Brochure Blog Location Contact Us TEA ROOM TIMES 10:30am -5pm Sunday – Friday Please note the Tea Room closes when we are hosting a private function, so we recommend giving us a call before you drop in to avoid disappointment. CONTACT US New House Farm Lake District National Park Lorton Cockermouth CA13 9UU Call: 07841 159 818 Email: hazel@newhouse-farm.co.uk New House Farm As featured on fusion-columns fusion-row fusion-footer-widget-area Copyright 2017 Newhouse Farm | All Rights Reserved | Website by Colourmedia , Carlisle Facebook Twitter Instagram fusion-fusion-copyright-content fusion-row #footer fusion-footer wrapper [if IE 9]> <script type='text/javascript' src='http://newhouse-farm.com/wp-content/themes/Avada/includes/lib/assets/min/js/general/fusion-ie9.js?ver=1'></script> <![endif] 