Welcome To The Newport County Bed & Breakfast Association, Newport RI   Our Bed & Breakfasts Where To Eat What To Do Home Start WOWSlider.com BODY section 1 2 3 4 5 6 Generated by WOWSlider.com v3.2 End WOWSlider.com BODY section Bed & Breakfast Locations Click Here To View Full Screen Map Welcome To The Newport County Bed & Breakfast Association The Newport County Bed & Breakfast Association Established in 1984, is the longest running B&B association in Newport, Rhode Island. All of our Newport County Bed & Breakfasts are individually owned and committed to providing the highest quality of comfort and hospitality. Visit our complete list of member Bed & Breakfasts and check our Availability Calendar to see all the Bed and Breakfasts that can accommodate you. Your local Newport, RI hosts look forward to sharing with you all of their Newport "secrets" of where to shop, things to do, and their favorite restaurants ... we offer accommodations for everyone! The Best Newport RI Lodging Accommodations To Meet All Of Your Needs Our Bed & Breakfasts Artful Lodger B&B Hawthorne House Reed Rose Cottage Free Off Street Parking Private Baths Air Conditioning Newport Harbor Views Full Gourmet Breakfast Central Newport Location Cable TV Artful Lodger Bed & Breakfast Ric & Rory Ranucci Inn Website: www.ArtfulLodger.com Located in the heart of Newport's Historic Downtown and in the Mansion District in easy walking distance to most Newport Attractions. The Artful Lodger serves a Full Gourmet Breakfast in our Conservatory which offers spectacular views of Newport Harbor. Our lovingly restored Victorian Inn provides Private Baths, Air Conditioning, Free WiFi and Off-Street Parking. Our Luxurious Suites feature Jacuzzis and Fireplaces to pamper you and induce deep relaxation. Please come stay with us, we can't wait to meet you! 503 Spring Street, Newport, RI 02840 Toll Free (800) 503-1850; local: (401) 847-3132 Email: Reservations | www.ArtfulLodger.com Wheelchair Accessible Kid Friendly Pet Friendly Rooms Sleep 4 Max Jetted Tub Free Wi-Fi Free Parking Hawthorne House Terri and Mike Fitch Inn Website: www.HawthorneHouseBB.com Hawthorne House, constructed in 2002, was designed especially to accommodate guests. Universal design concepts, which include a single story layout and other accessible features, make this residence friendly to all. Your privacy is assured as we accept just one reservation at a time . . . in other words, you will be our only guests. Amenities include sitting room, kitchenette, deck and grill, A/C, Internet/Wi-Fi, private phone, jetted tub, flat screen cable TVs/DVDs, and parking. 71 Ruggles Avenue, Newport, RI 02840 Phone: (401) 847-2928 (Home) Voice Mail: (401) 847-6340 (Preferred) Fax (401) 847-8476 Email: info@HawthorneHouseBB.com www.HawthorneHouseBB.com Kid Friendly Rooms Sleep 2+ Free WiFi Free Parking Reed Rose Cottage Charron K. Reed Inn Website: www.ReedRoseCottage.com Quaint accommodations located in a lovely quiet area surrounded by a pool, patio, poolhouse and perennial gardens. Beautiful spacious suites decorated with antiques, wicker and flowers from the garden. Suites have AC, cable, refrigerators, microwaves, coffee makers, and beach towels. Welcoming refreshments, private parking and entrances make this pristine property an enjoyable and relaxing hideaway after a day of sightseeing, shopping or beaching. 8 Loyola Terrace, Newport, RI 02840 Phone: (401) 846-8790; cell: (401) 418-9940 Email: ReedRoseCottage@Cox.net www.ReedRoseCottage.com The longest running B&B association in Newport, Rhode Island! Newport County Bed & Breakfast Association, Newport RI | © 2016 All Rights Reserved         