Marriott Niagara Falls Hotel Fallsview & Spa | Canadian Fallsview Blog Photos Gift Cards 6740 Fallsview Boulevard , Niagara Falls, Canada Reservations: 1-888-501-8916 Packages Guest Rooms Amenities Dining Spa Explore Meetings Book Now  Stay Dates: Rooms & Guests: 1 Room : 2 Adults /Room Rooms: + - Adults: + - Children + - (Maximum: 7 Guests/room)   Check Availability  Close The Best View In Niagara Falls Guaranteed Stay Dates: Rooms & Guests: 1 Room : 2 Adults /Room Rooms: + - Adults: + - Children + - (Maximum: 7 Guests/room)   Find A Room # 1 Rated Fallsview Hotel Casino Escape In Niagara Visit the largest gaming floor in Canada. Package Details → Serenity Spa Package Relax & rejuvenate in a tranquil spa setting. Package Details → Stay For Breakfast A delicious buffet & sweeping views of the Falls. Package Details → Marriott Fallsview King Room Newly Renovated Connect with luxury and comfort in one of our newly renovated guest rooms, which feature sleek modern layouts and sweeping views of Niagara Falls. Each of the redesigned rooms is appointed with Marriott Signature Mattresses & Bedding, new HD flat-screen TVs, beautiful bathrooms, and comfortable sitting areas to provide world-class accommodation experiences in beautiful Niagara Falls. Find A Room Luxury Fallsview Dining Morton's Grille Experience incredible Fallsview dining at Canada's only Morton's Grille restaurant, located inside the Marriott Fallsview Hotel & Spa. With a dining room overlooking the magnificent Niagara Falls and an impressive menu of succulent steaks, fresh seafood, burgers, and more, Morton's Grille Niagara Falls is a one-of-a-kind dining destination offering casual elegance and unrivaled taste. Dining Options Morton's Grille Dining Room Serenity Spa by the Falls Serenity Spa Relax your body and refresh your mind at the Serenity Spa by the Falls inside the Marriott Fallsview Hotel & Spa. The Serenity Spa offers a tranquil place to enjoy rejuvenating treatments and services, including massages, manicures, pedicures, facials, and body treatments. You can treat yourself or someone you love to the gift of luxury and relaxation with signature spa packages, or book individual treatments for a tranquil escape in Niagara. Discover The Spa Magnificent Tours For captivating and seamless travel experiences in and around Niagara Falls, Magnificent Tours offers personalized private tours and thoughtfully crafted signature tours to connect you with the natural beauty, exceptional entertainment, and premium wineries of the world-famous Niagara Region. Magnificent Tours is Niagara’s premier tour company and offers year-round tours led by expert guides, VIP access to Niagara’s best attractions, and full transportation by comfortable coach bus. Learn More Magnificent Tours Marriott Niagara Falls Hotel Fallsview & Spa The Marriott Fallsview Niagara Falls Hotel & Spa enjoys the enviable distinction as being the closest hotel to Niagara Falls. As the area’s premiere AAA Four Diamond, five-star luxury hotel in Niagara Falls, this Marriott Niagara Falls Hotel overlooks the majestic waterfalls and is located just minutes away from a variety of exciting attractions and casinos, as well as the Scotiabank Convention Centre . Premiere Niagara Falls Canada Hotel Residents in any one of our luxurious Niagara Falls Hotels 432 Fallsview guest rooms will have the pleasure of an exceptional view overlooking one of nature’s wonders. Wake up to the sight of the falls, and drift to sleep, mesmerised by its beauty. This hotel in Niagara Falls Canada offers a wide-range of amenities, including wireless Internet access, indoor pool, and outdoor sundeck. The fitness centre features a variety of equipment to suit any routine, and our award-winning Serenity Spa by the Falls boasts two whirlpools and a sauna. If you’re in the mood for something delicious, the Morton’s Grille Niagara Falls , located right in our hotel in Niagara Falls, has an array of tasty dishes to tempt any palette. Experience casual elegance, unrivalled taste. Our award-winning menu features a selection that is as highly-acclaimed as the falls itself. Niagara Falls Meetings The Marriott Fallsview Niagara Falls Hotel also offers more than 10,000-square feet of banquet/meeting space with natural lighting and a full view of Niagara Falls. This is something that not all Niagara Falls hotels can provide, and is the ideal spot for a special event or function, sure to create an unforgettable memory for any occasion. Starbucks is conveniently located in this Niagara Falls hotels lobby, while the Lobby Lounge features three flat-screen televisions and a spectacular view of Niagara Falls. Luxury, romance, and relaxation are synonymous with the Marriott Fallsview Niagara Falls Hotel. Our property offers a variety of unique packages to suit every vacation need. Couples looking for adventure can book our Wine Package , Fallsview Casino Getaway , and Couples Spa Packages . Many couples come back to our hotel in Niagara Falls with their family, as we offer packages for everyone in the family. Top Niagara Falls Hotel on TripAdvisor The Marriott Fallsview Niagara Falls Hotel has more than 7000 reviews on TripAdvisor . It has a 4.5 star rating out of a maximum of 5 stars and is number one results when searching for Niagara Falls Hotels. At the Marriott Fallsview Niagara Falls Hotel and Spa, our guests can enjoy luxurious accommodations, fine dining, a state-of-the-art spa and so much more – all enjoyed from the closest of all Niagara Falls hotels to the thundering roar of the world-famous Niagara Falls. Hotel Packages Stay For Breakfast Morton’s Dinner Package Ultimate Dining Package Romance Package Taste of Niagara Wine Country Relax, Refresh & Revive Casino Escape In Niagara Falls Niagara Falls Dining Morton’s Grille Niagara Falls Lobby Lounge Milestones on the Falls Niagara Falls Starbucks Terrapin Café Hotel Information Hotel Directions Discount Rates Fallsview Guarantee Niagara Falls Weather Weddings Privacy Policy Careers Sitemap Contact Social Media   CAA/AAA Four Diamond Rating Marriott Fallsview Hotel and Spa , 6740 Fallsview Boulevard , Niagara Falls , ON , Canada , L2G 3W6 • 905-357-7300 • 1-888-501-8916 • Privacy Policy Marriott Fallsview is a Niagara Falls Hotel overlooking Niagara Falls. Located in the heart of the Fallsview tourist district and moments away from Scotiabank Convention Centre and Fallsview Casino . Nearby cities: Toronto , Buffalo , New York . Sister Property: Marriott on the Falls Operated by Canadian Niagara Hotels under license from Marriott International, Inc. or one of its affiliates. We are an AODA compliant property. See our statement and read more. 