Home - Nobelos Seaside Lodge | Ag. Nikolaos Volimes Zakynthos Greece Ag. Nikolaos, Volimes, Zakynthos – Greece +30 26950 31400 | +30 6944 148283 Reservation Book a Table Your message was sent successfully! Check in Check out Room type One Bedroom Two Bedroom Adults 1 2 3 4 Children 0 1 2 3 Next step email Gender Mr Mrs Name & Surname Phone Number Choose Country Choose Country Albania Argentina Australia Austria Belgium Brazil Bulgaria Canada China Croatia Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Egypt Finland France Georgia Germany Greece Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Ireland Israel Italy Japan Latvia Lebanon Luxembourg Malta Mexico Monaco Netherlands New Zealand Norway Philippines Poland Portugal Romania Russia Saudi Arabia Serbia Singapore South Africa Spain Sweden Switzerland Turkey Ukraine United Kingdom United States Other Message Please tick if you like to receive our news & offers! Back Book now REQUEST A QUOTE If you have any questions give us a call Phone: (+30) 26950 31400 Mobile: (+30) 6944 148283 Note: Your reservation is not confirmed until you paid for us. Home Suites Blue Cave Suite Navagio Suite Sfodilas Suite Trachilas Suite Restaurant Events & Weddings Location Contact Home Suites Blue Cave Suite Navagio Suite Sfodilas Suite Trachilas Suite Restaurant Events & Weddings Location Contact Reservation Book a Table Home Suites Blue Cave Suite Navagio Suite Sfodilas Suite Trachilas Suite Restaurant Events & Weddings Location Contact Ag. Nikolaos, Volimes, Zakynthos – Greece +30 26950 31400 | +30 6944 148283 START REVOLUTION SLIDER 5.4.8.1 fullscreen mode SLIDE MAIN IMAGE LAYERS LAYER NR. 1 LAYER NR. 2 LAYER NR. 3 MEET THE HIGHEST STANDARDS LAYER NR. 4 Nobelos Seaside Lodge LAYER NR. 5 SLIDE MAIN IMAGE LAYERS BACKGROUND VIDEO LAYER LAYER NR. 6 LAYER NR. 7 LAYER NR. 8 NOBELOS SEASIDE LODGE LAYER NR. 9 Experience Total Freedom LAYER NR. 10 SLIDE MAIN IMAGE LAYERS LAYER NR. 11 LAYER NR. 12 LAYER NR. 13 NOBELOS SEASIDE LODGE LAYER NR. 14 Private Beach & Area LAYER NR. 15 END REVOLUTION SLIDER Nobelos Sea Side Lodge & Bio Restaurant Luxury Traditional Suites in front of the Sea, hospitality and nature combine by excellent food with local and Mediterranean dishes. The Seaside Lodge “Nobelos ” is situated in the north of the island of Zakynthos, in an idyllic setting only 500 hundred metres from the picturesque port of Saint Nicholas in Volimes. The Seaside Lodge is build completely from stone in the old Zakynthian architectural style and is a reminder of the traditional mansions of Zakynthos . At the Seaside Lodge you can enjoy its preferential setting, spectacular view, traditional decoration, very clean private beach and of course the hospitality of the Nobelos family . Our restaurant Dining & Drinks The Freshest Ingredients Expertly Prepared The Nobelos family welcomes you to the only organic restaurant-bar on Zakynthos- which is situated in one of the most picturesque locations on the Northen part of the island. Our restaurant Our location Nobelos Seaside Lodge Along the northeast coast of Zakynthos, close to the famous Blue Caves, we meet the picturesque little cove of Agios Nikolaos. It owes its name to the barren islet of Agios Nikolaos that lies offshore. Find us List of services Desire to serve & please Facilities Dining room-Library Reception Services Room service Full breakfast a la carte Deck facilities Private car parking Luggage service Events We can arrange and host any event that you like to do: Weddings For Honeymooners We can organize Birthday Party Business Conference Anniversaries For VIP’s Services You can find general services, Business Servises and Special Services: Transfer upon request Rent a VIPs car Rent a charter, helicopter Rent a yacht,motor or sailing yacht Great Deals We Make it Easy to Plan Your Stay Check out NOBELOS SEASIDE LODGE Our Suites Navagio Suite The Smuglers’ shipwreck – The most known beach of Greece is only accesible by boat. More... Sfodilas Suite The area on the right of the islet of Agios Nickolaos with spectacular views of the sunrise. More... Blue Cave Suite Superb sea caves with crystall clear waters and everchanging colours. More... Trachilas Suite Area with steep clifts close to Navagio beach. More... NOBELOS BIO RESTAURANT We Make it Easy to Book a Table Book Online Our Customers Opinion Testimonials Best place in Ionic island! The real Authentic experience Piece of Paradise lovely spot for supper Perfect days Lovely hotel! Best place in Ionic island! I was really surprised to find this place near so small village! Perfect area, perfect kitchen, perfect private beach, perfect all! I came to Zakinthos from Kefalonia to see Navagio bay and after I was so happy to spend my day in so luxury place. Thank you for a good rest. The real Authentic experience Authentic people, authentic tastes in a place far away from crowds. The original hospitality which hard to find nowadays. It’s one these choices that it really does’t matter where they are located. this is the joy of travel Via Tripadvisor Piece of Paradise This place is really special. It is a piece of the paradise. Good food and drink, very friendly staff. We discovered this place on the third day we were in Zakynthos and after this we went there every day, to have breakfast and dinner. It is relly a wonderful place! Via Tripadvisor lovely spot for supper We went for supper here – ate outside overlooking the sea. A wonderful spot. The hotel looks lovely with beautiful shady gardens, it fits into the landscape really well. Staff were great, food was really tasty – whatever you do, don’t miss the home made ice cream; really top notch! Via Tripadvisor Perfect days The Nobelos is a small hotel with a particular beach (beautiful by the way). There is also a wonderful restaurant with traditional greek cuisine. They have a wonderful presentation and taste like heaven. Via Tripadvisor Lovely hotel! My family and I stayed at Nobelos Boutique hotel for a week in June 2015 and it was hands down the best vacation we’ve done so far! The hotel was beautiful and the family that runs it were always hospitable and service minded. A tip is to order their fish, it is truly amazing! Via Tripadvisor Newsletter Mailchimp for WordPress v4.5.2 - https://wordpress.org/plugins/mailchimp-for-wp/ Email address: Leave this field empty if you're human: / Mailchimp for WordPress Plugin Contact Us ADDRESS Nobelos Seaside Lodge Volimes Zakynthos, Greece NAVIGATE ME  TELEPHONE (+30) 26950 31400 (+30) 6944 148283 EMAIL info@nobelos.gr Awards Nobelos Seaside Lodge Nobelos Bio Restaurant Instagram Follow on Instagram Instagram Feed JS [if lte IE 9]> <script type='text/javascript' src='https://www.nobelos.gr/wp-content/plugins/mailchimp-for-wp/assets/js/third-party/placeholders.min.js'></script> <![endif] We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it. Ok No Revoke cookies 