Clean House
Featured
Water Damage Restoration   / November 12, 2017 A Clean House Contributes to Good Health
A Clean House Contributes to Good Health
Watch Out for Ceiling Mold
If you live in Texas, this has probably happened to you.  You return home from work only to notice black spots on your ceiling in the and what look like a water leak. The first thing that probably comes to your mind is the growth of mold on the damp ceiling. What do you do next? Go to the attic and check the source of the leak. If possible, eliminate the source of the water leak. If you discover a roof leak, you will need to call your local roofing contractor to get your roof repaired as quickly as possible. Next, call your local water damage restoration contractor to clean and dry all the water and moisture up and remove all traces of mold from that ceiling.

One Contractor Usually Can Clean Up Water Damage and Remove Mold
If the mold is significant, you would in all likelihood need to allow your local water damage restoration contractor to follow up the water damage clean up with a complete mold remediation. Since many mold removal companies charge transportation fees, contracting the same group will help control the overall cost of the project. If you use different contractors, the cost would invariably be higher. Remember, before you engage the help of any contractor, make sure you check on the fees they charge and get an estimate in writing. An initial visit would usually be required by any water damage and mold removal company to assess the extent of the problem.

Get It In Writing
When you need to hire a removal company and are thinking of claiming the costs from your homeowner’s insurance, you should note that you may not always be able to do so. Check on various companies to find out if any company is offering a discount or running an offer. Another way of saving costs would be to do as much repair as you can before hiring the firm to complete the rest. However, before you get along and work on the problem yourself, check on the laws and regulations regarding mold removal in your jurisdiction. Some states and cities may only allow licensed professionals to remove toxic mold. The last thing you would want is to find yourself embroiled in legal complications in your urgency to solve the mold problem in your home.

Small Amounts of Mold May Be a DIY
If you find that the mold problem is minor that does not warrant the need to engage professional help; then you are in luck. What you may need to do is to apply some mold removal product to the areas that are affected by mold growth. Then wait a while before removing the product that you used. Before doing so, read the instructions in the bottle to know exactly what procedures you need to follow. Also, make sure that the product you are using is specially designed for black mold removal. If not, your happiness will be short-lived. The mold problem is bound to reappear. Also note that if the mold on your ceiling portion seems to cover an area of bigger than 10 square feet, do not attempt to remove the mold yourself. Black mold is highly dangerous and can cause some severe health problems. If not handled in a timely and professional manner, the toxic black mold can even cause death. In such a case, it is best to engage a professional mold removal company to solve the problem for you.  Professional mold remediation can save you and your family from harmful health effects, as well as prevent the …

Search for:
Search …
 Search
Recent Posts
A Clean House Contributes to Good Health
Archives
November 2017
Categories
water damage restoration
Eddie Parsons
Log in
Entries RSS
Comments RSS
WordPress.org
© 2019 Clean House - Newsbuzz Powered