The Old Chapel (1743) | Norfolk Cottages Save £50 this summer if booking 4 people or less! × Search Menu ?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"? Generated by IcoMoon.io 01263 715779 Email My Account Homeowner Holidaymaker ?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"? Generator: Adobe Illustrator 22.1.0, SVG Export Plug-In . SVG Version: 6.00 Build 0) Wishlist Exploring Norfolk? Be our guest.  Let with us Main navigation Home Explore Norfolk North Norfolk Coast Royal Norfolk Coast East Norfolk Coast Norfolk Broads Countryside and Villages Norwich City Breaks Our cottages Holkham Lodges School holidays Pet friendly Special offers Last minute Coastal gems Luxury Big gatherings Cottages together Coming soon Flexilet Small group discount Last Minute Discounts Inspire me Area visitor guides Get inspired Blog What's on in Norfolk Get outdoors Beach huts Norfolk A to Z Gift vouchers Norfolk on film About us Our heritage The team Our offices Contact us View our brochure Working for us Giving back Green tourism Star grading scheme Getting to Norfolk Main navigation Home Explore Norfolk North Norfolk Coast Royal Norfolk Coast East Norfolk Coast Norfolk Broads Countryside and Villages Norwich City Breaks Our cottages Holkham Lodges School holidays Pet friendly Special offers Last minute Coastal gems Luxury Big gatherings Cottages together Coming soon Flexilet Small group discount Last Minute Discounts Inspire me Area visitor guides Get inspired Blog What's on in Norfolk Get outdoors Beach huts Norfolk A to Z Gift vouchers Norfolk on film About us Our heritage The team Our offices Contact us View our brochure Working for us Giving back Green tourism Star grading scheme Getting to Norfolk My Account Homeowner Holidaymaker View my wishlist ( 0 ) Letting your property Find out more Contact Us ?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"? Generated by IcoMoon.io 01263 715779 info@norfolkcottages.co.uk Search our cottages You are here Home Norfolk Countryside and Villages Hindolveston cottages The Old Chapel (1743) The Old Chapel Hindolveston, Norfolk Countryside & Villages 1743 Share Share Email Facebook Pinterest Twitter ?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"? Generator: Adobe Illustrator 22.1.0, SVG Export Plug-In . SVG Version: 6.00 Build 0) Add to wishlist of 11 of 11 of 11 of 11 of 11 of 11 of 11 of 11 of 11 of 11 of 11 images (11) Special offer Last minute discount! 10% off bookings starting within 14 days (may not apply in conjunction with other offers) You can book this property from: £ 465 per week £ 66 per night 2 Guests 1 Bedroom 2 Pets WiFi Private Parking Gallery Features Important - please note Description Reviews Map Features Beds & bedrooms Bed linen provided 1 king/super-king bed Kitchen Washing machine Freezer Bathrooms 1 bathroom Towels provided Wet room Shower Outdoors Garden, courtyard or patio Enclosed garden, courtyard or patio Barbecue Private parking How far to ...? Beach 14 miles Pub 2.8 miles Shop 2.8 miles Special Features Welcome pack Countryside views Accessibility Walk-in shower Ground floor bath/shower room Wet room Description The Old Chapel is a beautifully restored 19th century former Primitive Methodist chapel. With a brilliant blend of traditional and modern features from a working harmonium to a dramatic open-plan living area that reaches up to the heavily beamed roof, this a property with the wow factor.  The south facing patio garden has uninterrupted views over farmland towards Hindolveston Wood, and is a perfect place to enjoy an alfresco meal. Hindolveston is one of Norfolk’s hidden gems, ideally located to explore the area. Shop/Pub : 2.8 miles  Ground Floor: Open plan room - Sitting area with comfortable seating, high definition TV with Free Sat, iPod dock, DVD player, CD player. Dining area with dining table and four chairs, wood burner Kitchen with built in electric oven, ceramic hob, microwave, fridge, freezer, dishwasher. Washing machine in utility cupboard in hall Shower room with large shower cubicle, washbasin and wc Mezzanine floor accessed via wrought iron spiral stairs Bedroom with a king size bed – please note this room looks over the sitting/dining area   Garden: Fully enclosed south facing patio garden with small pond, table and chairs and charcoal barbecue.  Parking: Driveway for two medium size cars Heating: Oil fired central heating and wood burner  Pets: Two medium dogs welcome. Please be aware of our booking information regarding pets. Also provided:  Towels. Books and games. DAB radio. WiFi. Internet phone. Cabling to plug iPod into hifi system. Sofa bed in sitting room is available as an alternative sleeping arrangement if required Notes:   This is a non smoking property. Mobile reception – variable. Children should be supervised at all times when close to water. Spiral stair case to mezzanine bedroom Hindolveston is surrounded by lovely countryside, quiet lanes and some great walks. A pretty village which is an ideal base for exploring the coastal Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty that stretches from Brancaster through Holkham, Blakeney, Cley and onto Sheringham. The market town of Holt is a short drive away where you will find a collection of independent shops selling local produce, and a range of galleries, antique shops, boutiques and great places to eat. The area abounds with National Cycle routes, all offering a pleasant and calm opportunity to enjoy your natural surroundings.    Reviews Many thanks for a great week at the chapel. It was very interesting to discover Jeremy's photographic genius both on the walls and the web ! Thank you. For future guests - if you have any problems/queries, Alan is very friendly and super helpful - thank you. Hope to return. Best regards, Teresa R, 18 April 2019 Map Book your holiday Number of guests Select 1 guest 2 guests Number of pets No pets 1 pet 2 pets Number of nights 2 nights 3 nights 4 nights 5 nights 6 nights 7 nights 8 nights 9 nights 10 nights 11 nights 12 nights 13 nights 14 nights 15 nights 16 nights 17 nights 18 nights 19 nights 20 nights 21 nights 22 nights 23 nights 24 nights 25 nights 26 nights 27 nights 28 nights Price is shown on any date your 7 night holiday can start Start date Or fill in the enquiry form Title Mr Mrs Ms Miss Mr & Mrs Dr Rev First name Surname Phone number Email Your enquiry Join our mailing list to keep up to date on all our special offers, latest arrivals, news and events. Best deals All payments are secured by SagePay TM Prices & availability Contact us info@norfolkcottages.co.uk 01263 715779 Find our offices https://www.facebook.com/NorfolkCottagesUK https://twitter.com/NorfolkCottage https://www.instagram.com/norfolkcottages/ https://www.pinterest.co.uk/norfolkcottagesuk/ https://www.youtube.com/user/CottagesinNorfolk Opening hours Local office hours Mon - Sat: 9am - 5pm Phone lines open Mon - Sat: 8am - 8pm Sun: 10am - 6pm Awards & Memberships Footer Booking Conditions Privacy Policy Sitemap All payments are secured by SagePay TM © Norfolk Country Cottages 6 High Street, Holt, Norfolk, NR25 6BQ, GB ?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"? Generated by IcoMoon.io 