North Devon farm holiday cottage with private indoor pool and hot tub START container START header Bartridge Farm Cottage Self catering North Devon holiday cottage Tel: 01769 560 598 START main navigation menu Home The cottage The pool Rates Booking & Availability Location FAQ Guestbook Contact Terms & Conditions END main navigation END header Div START main content A North Devon farm holiday cottage with private indoor pool, hot tub and incredible views 2 Bedroom self catering accommodation | Sleeps 5 Between Exmoor and Dartmoor and close to the North Devon beaches,  Bartridge Farm holiday cottage is probably the only 2 bedroom cottage in the UK with its own indoor pool , hot tub and fantastic views! 70% of our guests come to us by recommendation or are returning guests. You can book online on this site for either week-long stays or short breaks. In the heart of Tarka country in the rolling valleys of Devon lies a luxury, peaceful and welcoming holiday cottage with fantastic warm indoor swimming pool and luxury spa bath (both for your exclusive use). Free and unlimited wifi is available. Warm indoor swimming pool exclusively for guests Luxury spa/hot tub for exclusive use by guests   This self catering North Devon accommodation sleeps 5 plus cot in two bedrooms. It is fully centrally heated as well as having a log burner in the lounge. There is a grassed lawn, play area and paddock with tree house to the rear as well as ample parking to the side. To the front there is a raised patio, sun bathing area with gas bbq, spa bath and picnic table from where guests can admire the spectacular views. Mobile reception is excellent on all networks. The owners live nearby so you will normally be welcomed by them and they can easily be contacted during your stay if needed. The cottage has been run professionally as a holiday cottage for over 25 years by the same owners. It is regularly upgraded and recent works include a state of the art kitchen with granite work tops and top quality integrated appliances. Bartridge Cottage is in a farm location on the side of the Taw valley with magnificent views of the valley and Exmoor. A luxury indoor pool and fantastic hot tub complement this superb cottage to offer a truly wonderful holiday experience. We cannot accept pets and do not allow smoking inside the cottage or pool area. E mail us at  This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. or telephone 01769 560598 for more information. Guest Comments - taken from Trip Advisor  Wow, we had a lovely stay at Bartridge cottage. Rob and Veronica are lovely hosts, thinking of everything to make your stay comfortable and fun. The cream tea they had left for us on our arrival was the start of a great week. Warm pool with things for the kids to use, hot tub just brilliant!  What a wonderful week we had at the cottage! So beautiful and so much to do for us and our toddler. The cottage was so comfortable and such a treat to have the pool and hot tub. Our toddler loved the farm animals and running around the fields. Perfect for families in any weather as so much to do near the cottage, and so lovely to stay at the cottage and not go out with the terrace and hot tub and indoor pool and walls. We'd definitely reccomend this and hope to go back one day The location is perfect with views over the Tarka valley; an idyllic English landscape complete with rolling fields , woods, river and even a little rural train. The cottage is welcoming and cosy and the owners could not be nicer. The cottage is beautifully placed to visit both Dartmoor and Exmoor; the stunning North Devon coast-line , beaches and footpaths, are within easy drives, and there are plenty of villages, Historic houses, green lanes and woods to walk in and explore. The nearby cycle route along the Tarka trail is very accessible to all cyclists and takes you through woodland ,past rivers and out to the coast at Instow; the variety of flora and fauna you can see make it a great outing for all ages .There are many local pubs selling delicious local produce and both Barnstaple and Exeter can be reached on the local Tarka line train from the station less than a mile from the cottage. I have been visiting Bartridge cottage for 15 years with my (now grown-up) children and we all LOVE i t END main content START columns Property features Spectacular views Luxury cottage State of the art kitchen Hot tub Indoor heated swimming pool Ample parking Farm location Sunny patio BBQ More info... availability 18th October for either 6 or 7 nights. Much of November, some of December as well as Christmas and New Year And of course we are booking for next year!! Two week holidays attract 10% discount! Put the word Bartridge in the discount code box ! .   Book online Check availability Find us Contact us END sidebar column END page content END container START FOOTER Bartridge Farmhouse, Umberleigh, Devon EX37 9AS Telephone: 01769 560598 © 2017-2018 Bartridge Farm Cottage END FOOTER END outside container 