New Zealand Splendeur Tours countrywide tours NEW ZEALAND SPLENDEUR TOURS Toggle navigation MENU Home Tours Accommodations Cuisine Auckland Links Contact   Suggested Tours Toggle navigation TOUR Essential (14) Splendour (25) Wonders (10) South Island (20) Revisited (19) countofwords160x600right Months Toggle navigation MONTHS January February March April May June July August September October November December Spring Summer Autumn Winter New Zealand Self-Driving Tours cseignore countofwords728x90aboveandundertxtarea /cseignore Why take a tour in New Zealand? New Zealand, the land of the long white cloud, is a unique and inspiring nation full of hidden secrets. If there is ever a country where you will benefit from taking a tour, New Zealand has got to be it. The scenery is abundant, natural and so beautiful. By taking one of the tour itineraries in this site you won't miss a thing. The listed tours allow you to discover New Zealand in the most fun way. You will visit a lot of places and it will be a wonderful opportunity for you to chat to locals and to really take some time to explore the small towns and all they have to offer. Taking a self-driving tour will also provide you the time to do some unique shopping. Many of New Zealand's small communities are havens for artists and writers. That will give you the amazing opportunity to return home with amazing souvenirs and stories to tell. This is much different from the mass-produced souvenirs that larger tour groups frequent to allow passengers some shopping time and to mingle with the locals. Self-driving gives you the freedom to really get a feel for the country. Some of our most breathtaking scenery is located on smaller roads where large, heavy buses used by commercial tour groups simply cannot go. With Self-Driving Tours you can take you off the beaten track and really explore the stunning country. You won't be waiting around for a bus full of people to finish dinner, nor will you be standing in a long line of passengers waiting to use a bathroom. When you do self-driving tour, your time is used as you want it to be used. New Zealand is a land full of secrets and hiding places. The magical lakes, amazing rivers, volcanic wonderlands, breathtaking waterfalls, sparkling coastline and awesome mountains are here for you to enjoy. One of the highlights in visiting New Zealand is exploring Auckland , where you can enjoy sightseeing, fun activities, and not to forget the beaches. Your journey in New Zealand will be truly unforgettable. cseignore countofwords728x90aboveandundertxtarea /cseignore Home | Tours (days): Essential (14) - Splendour (25) - Wonders (10) - South Island (20) - Revisited (19) Tour selector : select your New Zealand tour according to the time of the year or your special interests January | February | March | April | May | June | July | August | September | October | November | December Summer | Autumn | Winter | Spring | Flights | Privacy Accommodations | Cuisine | Auckland | Contact | Links   Copyright © 2016- New Zealand Splendeur Tours - All Rights Reserved 