Prince of Wales Bed & Breakfast in Craig, Alaska Rates May-Sept. $135 Oct-Apr. $100   Prince of Wales Chamber of Commerce Prince of Wales Online Inter-Island Ferry Craig WebCam POW Caves Parks & Recreation POW Calendar Contact Us Oceanview B&B 601 Oceanview Craig, Alaska 99921 907-826-2867 email contact Prince of Wales Island in beautiful Southeast Alaska is just 35 min. by float plane or a scenic 3 hr. ferry ride from Ketchikan, Alaska. Oceanview Bed & Breakfast is located on picturesque Prince of Wales Island in Southeast Alaska, and is famous for its outstanding access to prime fishing grounds. Prince of Wales Island is the largest island in Southeast Alaska and the third largest island in the United States. The island is a favorite with sport fisherman, big-game hunters and sea kayakers. Alaska is a wonderful place to build memories. The excitement of catching salmon and halibut is but a small portion of the many possibilities Alaska offers her visitors. Much of Prince of Wales Island is part of the Tongass National Forest . Trees in the forest are Sitka spruce, western hemlock, red and yellow cedar, alder and shore pine Wild flowers include fireweed, foxglove, lupines, and daisies. Game animals are Sitka black-tailed deer, and black bear. There are wolves on POW, but they are seldom seen. Some of the birds you'll see soaring above are seagulls, ravens, northwest crows and American Bald Eagles. Oceanview Bed & Breakfast is located on picturesque Prince of Wales Island in Southeast Alaska, and is famous for its outstanding access to prime fishing grounds. Prince of Wales Island is the largest island in Southeast Alaska and the third largest island in the United States. The island is a favorite with sport fisherman, big-game hunters and sea kayakers. Alaska is a wonderful place to build memories. The excitement of catching salmon and halibut is but a small portion of the many possibilities Alaska offers her visitors. Much of Prince of Wales Island is part of the Tongass National Forest . Trees in the forest are Sitka spruce, western hemlock, red and yellow cedar, alder and shore pine Wild flowers include fireweed, foxglove, lupines, and daisies. Game animals are Sitka black-tailed deer, and black bear. There are wolves on POW, but they are seldom seen. Some of the birds you'll see soaring above are seagulls, ravens, northwest crows and American Bald Eagles. On beautiful Prince of Wales Island you will find a warm welcome in Craig when you meet your hosts, Bill and Marschel Eggen. They feature family-oriented Bed and Breakfast in a refreshing smoke-free environment. You will find each of our rooms to be spacious, nicely furnished, private, and equipped with all the modern conveniences of home with a fully furnished kitchen available for your use. Oceanview Bed & Breakfast is proud to offer you reasonable rates and a scenic view of the ocean and Old Craig. Sit on the deck and watch the local maritime communities come and go in fishing boats, pleasure boats, kayaks, and tugs. Bald Eagles soaring above make for a perfect photo opportunity. We are located centrally in Craig and just a short walk from grocery stores, the Post Office, banks, gift shops, and the Craig Aquatic Center with pool, sauna, spa, and exercise room. The kitchen is stocked with teas and coffees along with frozen foods, fresh fruits, and donuts. Laundry facilities are on premises and we'll provide the detergent, fabric softeners, ironing board and iron. We want to make your stay in Craig as memorable and comfortable as possible. There are many things to do on Prince of Wales Island . Outdoor activities such as charter fishing, kayaking, wildlife viewing, hunting, El Capitan Caves to view petroglyps, totem poles in the Native villages, hiking, or leisure cruising on an extensive, well maintained highway system. Although transportation to Oceanview Bed and Breakfast is not provided, we are not far from the float plane dock. LAB Air , ProMech Air, or Pacific Airways all provide van service to our B&B if you just ask. We can also make arrangements with local transportation services if you arrive by the Inter-Island Ferry . If your plans call for a rental car we can put you in touch with Wilderness Rental Cars and Practical Rentals. Both offer vehicles delivered to the Inter-Island Ferry Dock in Hollis. Contact us today and start planning your Alaskan adventure on beautiful Prince of Wales Island. Bill Eggen Oceanview Bed & Breakfast 601 Oceanview Craig, Alaska 99921 907-826-2867 hairizon@aptalaska.net Member Prince of Wales Chamber of Commerce   If you have any problems with this site, please contact hairizon@aptalaska.net This site hosted by the fine folks at AlaskaMade.com . 