Narragansett Rhode Island Beach Hotel Inn: 401.783.4704 Reservations: 401.783.4704 UberMenu [Configuration:main] [Theme Loc:primary] [Integration:auto] Menu Reserve a Room Accommodations Rooms Guest Reviews Information/Policies Narragansett Area History Area Dining Attractions/Activities Weather Photos About Inn History Inn Dining Directions Reserve a Room End UberMenu #masthead #masthead-container Narragansett Rhode Island Beach Hotel .entry-header On Ocean Road in Narragansett RI (amidst the stately elms and historic homes of 19th century whaling captains), the lovely 31-room Ocean Rose Inn exudes a unique sense of authentic nautical and quirky beach-side chic combined with traditional area charm. From sprawling verandas lined with rocking chairs, guests savor soft ocean breezes. Since its opening in 1897, lodging landmark Ocean Rose Inn has enjoyed the company of tens of thousands of guests. What they like best are: FREE daily continental breakfast Beachfront location Breathtaking ocean/bay views WiFi Hot Spot FREE on-site parking (Inn guests only); first come; first served Close-by shopping, dining, attractions, activities Among its diverse accommodations are 9 traditional one-of-kind villa rooms (located in the original Inn) boasting unique period-specific furnishings accented with contemporary appointments, some with private decks. Debuting this 2017 season in the totally refurbished two-story annex building are 18 brand new, contemporary guest rooms reflecting a casual, fun beachside ease, whitewashed simplicity and feeling of personal private escape. Close by are countless opportunities for East Coast fun. Among them are: biking beach-combing, clamming deep-sea fishing, whale-watching sailing, kayaking Narragansett Beach lounging one-of-a-kind boutique shopping antique collecting golfing some of New England’s most scenic courses Explore Narragansett The gracious Inn setting – at land’s end, overlooking Newport Harbor, Narragansett Bay and Jamestown Island – is surpassed only by the storybook history of Narragansett and the Narragansett Casino, home to the rich and famous in the early 1900s. Come experience the area’s breathtaking beauty, enduring heritage and seaside comfort at a true beach hotel – open seasonally mid-May to late-October. Ocean Rose Inn is an amazing Southern Rhode Island vacation retreat. Check availability now . .entry-content #post-## #main #primary #content Contact Us Site Map Privacy Policy Ocean Rose Inn | 113 Ocean Road | Narragansett, RI 02882 Tel: 401.783.4704 | Rhode Island Hotels ©2019 TPG Hotels & Resorts. All rights reserved. #page .wrapper 