Ocean Haven | Oceanfront Hotel in Yachats Oregon | Home Rooms Tour Availability Is Ocean Haven Right For Me? Local Practices Contact Book Now +1(541)547-3583 Nature Friendly Lodging on the Exquisite Oregon Coast Ecologically friendly practices and products Lodging in Comfortable Oceanview Suites and Cabin with Kitchens & WiFi Designed for longer stays Accommodations in Pristine Retreat Like Setting on An Ocean Bluff No Televisions or Landlines in the Suites Ocean Haven is in a Marine Protected and Shorebird Conservation Area Teeming with marine life, seal colony, pelagic & shore birds, eagles & wandering whales This Storied Unique Small Hotel is Centrally Located 8 Miles South of Yachats Village and 15 miles North of Florence Halfway between Heceta Head Lighthouse and Cape Perpetua Visitors Center Explore Tide Pools, Watch the Resident Harbor Seals, or Catch a Glimpse of One of the 18,000 Whales Who Annually Migrate Past Here 2 pairs of binoculars in every room Ocean Haven is Surrounded by Stunning Hiking Trails short or long, varying levels of difficulty Ocean Haven's Neighbors - Devil's Churn, Thor's Well, Old Growth Forest, Spouting Horn are all minutes away within the glorious Siuslaw National Forest Ocean Haven is Near the Sea Lion Caves, Horseback Riding, Aquarium, Art Galleries, Great Restaurants You'll only be bored if you want to be Welcome Have a whale of a time discovering the spirit of Ocean Haven, an escape to nature. Here you will find magnificent views of the wild Oregon coast, tide pools teeming with multiple species of marine life, a seal colony sunning on the rocks, pelagic birds from Great Blue Herons to Pelagic Cormorants and the Marbled Murrelet. Between March and June approximately 18,000 whales migrate from Baja to Alaska, many of whom make their way into the sight of guests at Ocean Haven. The whales return on their trip south in December and January. Ocean Haven offers unique Yachats, Oregon lodging situated on an ocean bluff offering panoramic views. Four rustic suites & one cozy cabin are designed for nature-friendly comfort & extended visits. Ocean Haven is committed to the protection of the fragile marine habitat by utilizing eco-friendly practices and by limiting the number of guests. Friendly hosts enjoy assisting guests to experience the beauty of the surrounding central coast area. Ocean Haven offers free WIFI & is a respite from telephones & television. The office has a guest phone and a library with books by many notable writers who have graced Ocean Haven with their visits. Hiking & nature guidebooks (Sibley's in every room) and pacific northwest literature are also available. Close to 50% of our guests are returning guests- the best possible testament to the quality of the Ocean Haven experience. Some guests have been coming for decades, others come back from points all across the country and say they have been waiting to come back here ever since they left. May you find the same. Directions to Ocean Haven Yachats +1(541)547-3583 Nature Friendly Lodging on The Oregon Coast Footer Column Facebook Instagram Youtube End Main Footer © Copyright Ocean Haven. All right reserved. 