Ocean Views Resort Levart Google Tag Manager End Levart Google Tag Manager .logo 07 5491 1788 Bulcock & Centaur St, Caloundra Queensland 4551 .contactInfo .center Menu MENU HERE Home History Apartments Facilities Things To Do Gallery Specials Location/Contact BOOK NOW .mainImage Ocean Views Resort Ocean Views Resort boasts a fantastic location right in the heart of Caloundra and Bulcock Beach. Simply arrive, park your car and relax knowing everything you need is within walking distance. We are lucky enough to be surrounded by an amazing selection of beaches. Whether it’s calm and relaxed, rock pool exploring, surf breaks or even a natural salt water pool, there is a beach to suit everyone!  They are all conveniently connected via a beautiful coastal walkway and boardwalk. Bulcock Street and surrounds offers a myriad of dining experiences to tempt every tastebud and a great selection of unique shops and boutiques to keep you busy for hours. The Sunshine Coast is also home to some major attractions such as Australia Zoo, Aussie World, SeaLife Aquarium, Ginger Factory and Big Kart Track to name a few. Make sure you visit reception during your stay to see what specials they have available. Ocean Views Resort offers an array of room types to suit the overnight corporate traveller to large apartments for a family holiday. Every budget is catered for and accompanied by great onsite facilities. Be sure to contact us directly for the best rate and most flexible arrangements, our team would love to assist you on (07) 54911 788 or res@oceanviewsresort.com.au Classic Room Ocean Views READ MORE Classic Room READ MORE Deluxe Room READ MORE One Bedroom Apartment Ocean Views READ MORE One Bedroom Apartment READ MORE Two Bedroom Apartment Ocean Views READ MORE Three Bedroom Apartment Ocean Views READ MORE .allRooms Make a Booking Book Now Resort Information View View our Location View Newsletter Sign up to our newsletter below… Subscribe Copyright © 2019 Ocean Views Resort      Bulcock & Centaur St Caloundra Queensland 4551 Australia      Website by Levart .allPage 