Offerance Farm Cottage – Self Catering Country Cottage – Loch Lomond and Trossachs Skip to content Offerance Farm Cottage Self Catering Country Cottage – Loch Lomond and Trossachs .site-branding-text .wrap .site-branding Menu Home About Availability Bookings & Pay online Gallery Location Contact Us Testimonials Links Terms and Conditions FAQs What’s around here? Special occasions Gift vouchers Location The cottage Blog Contact Us Scroll down to content #site-navigation .wrap #masthead .panel-image Home .entry-header Offerance Farm Cottage is situated in an area of outstanding natural beauty on the edge of the Loch Lomond National Park. .entry-content .wrap .panel-content #post-## .panel-image The cottage .entry-header The cottage is attached to the farmhouse on a working farm. We have highland cattle, the views from the farm are lovely with the Campsie fells to the South and Ben Lomond to the west. The cottage is ideally situated less than an hours drive from Glasgow, Stirling and Edinburgh. .entry-content .wrap .panel-content #post-## .panel-image About .entry-header The cottage has two double rooms one with an en-suite shower room on the ground floor and one double upstairs across from a very large bathroom with walk in shower and bath. A lovely dining room, a well-equipped Kitchen and a comfortable lounge. We provide a travel cot a highchair and stair gates for guests with young children. The cottage is available all year as it has double glazed windows, underfloor heating on the ground floor and a log burning stove which makes it a cosy and comfortable retreat in the winter as well as an ideal summer location with fishing, golfing, cycling routes and many lovely walks near at hand. Additional facilities at the cottage include; Sky TV with DVD and Hi-Fi, games and books. The kitchen has an electric oven and an induction hob, dishwasher, fridge/freezer, washing machine, microwave, toaster, electric kettle and Iron/Ironing board. The cottage has wifi enabled internet. The bedrooms are comfortable and have fitted robes and ample drawer space with hairdryer. All towels and bed linen are provided. There is a garden with an outdoor table and chairs and BBQ and ample parking space. The farm track has no tarmac and therefore is not suitable to low suspension sports cars. .entry-content .wrap .panel-content #post-## #main #primary #content Our Links Gift vouchers Special occasions What’s around here? FAQs Terms and Conditions Links Find Us Address Offerance Farm cottage, Gartmore, Stirlingshire, FK8 3RZ Scotland Tel: 01877 382 244 Reservations info@offerancefarmcottage.co.uk Call us today 07783 937 934 or 07770 471 202 About This Site Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved. Search Search for: Search .widget-area Yelp Facebook Twitter Instagram Email .social-navigation Proudly powered by WordPress .site-info .wrap #colophon .site-content-contain #page 