Old Harbor Inn | South Haven, MI Google Tag Manager (noscript) End Google Tag Manager (noscript) To provide you with the best experience, Old Harbor Inn uses its own and third-party cookies on its website for technical, analytical and marketing purposes. By continuing to browse our site, you're agreeing to our use of cookies. Please consult our Cookie Notice for more information. Menu Book now +1 269-637-8480 Menu +1 269-637-8480 Book now Accommodations Photos Map About the Inn Local Guide Events Blog Contact Amenities Reservations Book now Welcome to the Old Harbor Inn Old Harbor Inn sits within South Haven, Michigan's picturesque Maritime District and is steps away from the best dining, shopping. and beaches on West Michigan’s Gold Coast. Located on the Harbor, where the Black River meets Lake Michigan, our location and views are unrivaled. The peaceful, panoramic morning views made possible by our expansive boardwalk system are a revitalizing way to start your day of shopping South Haven’s unique merchants, digging your toes in the sand while the kids splash in the surf, and ending the day with a sunset stroll on the pier. There simply isn’t anything else like it town!Old Harbor Inn is ideal lodging in downtown South Haven, MI—put simply, our unique Lake Michigan location, many accommodation choices and beautiful views cannot be beat by other South Haven hotels.You can park your car and stroll to all of South Haven’s destinations from our setting: the pleasures of fine dining, shopping, beaches, parks and more are all within your reach! Choose between our distinctive Downtown Suites or exceptional Harbor Deluxe Suites overlooking the harbor—there's no way to go wrong at Old Harbor Inn!Some of our Suites include multiple bedrooms, fireplaces, Jacuzzis and much more, while all of the include kitchenettes, free Wi-Fi and Cable TV. They're just right for a Lake Michigan weekend getaway or week-long vacation!Old Harbor Inn's outstanding location, variety of accommodations, and exceptional hotel amenities makes the Inn the #1 spot in the area for your visit.Give the ultimate gift of a first-rate vacation to someone deserving of a relaxing break. Old Harbor Inn gift certificates are available in any amount and the people at the front desk are more than willing to help you customize the perfect package. Order now! Map View Attractions Old Harbor Inn View Attractions Reservations Book now Old Harbor Inn +1 269-637-8480 515 Williams Street South Haven 49090 United States of America info@oldharborinn.com Tripadvisor Facebook Sitemap Privacy Policy Cookie Notice clearfix end © 2019 Digital marketing by BookingSuite . BookingSuite is a brand of Booking.com . Have confidence in the world-class customer support that comes along with Booking.com footer-inner end footer end 