The Old Vicarage - Bed and Breakfast Barnstaple, North Devon B&B Telephone: 01271 328504 | Email: contact@oldvicaragebarnstaple.co.uk logo Open Menu Home About SWCP Welcome (German) Welcome (Dutch) Our Rooms Tariff Booking Directions navigation Home About SWCP Welcome (German) Welcome (Dutch) Our Rooms Tariff Booking Directions • is search Above Sidebar Section MasterSlider MasterSlider Main Check Our Best Prices Check Our Best Prices Check Our Best Prices Check Our Best Prices Check Our Best Prices Check Our Best Prices END MasterSlider Main END MasterSlider Sidebar With Content Section The Old Vicarage The Old Vicarage Bed & Breakfast is situated in the heart of Barnstaple, North Devon. The guest house is set within its own peaceful garden and has been run by Sandi and Bryan since Read More …  Our Rooms Our spacious rooms are all en-suite, have free WIFI, flat screen TVs and tea & coffee making facilities. All double beds are king-sized and we have on-site free parking. Read More …   SWCP The Old Vicarage is ideally situated for at least 5 days walking on the South West Coast Path with each day being easily accessible through public transport. Read More …    Welcome to the Old Vicarage The Old Vicarage Bed and Breakfast is a delightful early Victorian house with many original features, spacious guest accommodation, modern en-suite facilities, ample free parking and free Wi-Fi. Located just a short stroll from Barnstaple’s historic town centre, the large secluded garden provides visitors with the feeling of staying in a peaceful countryside setting. Each visitor to The Old Vicarage Bed and Breakfast is welcomed by Sandi or Bryan with homemade cake and fresh milk and can look forward to a quiet night’s sleep in a well-appointed bedroom, followed by a tasty breakfast prepared with local ingredients in the morning. Keep up to date with The Old Vicarage by following our new Facebook Page .  For more information, or to book a room, please call Sandi & Bryan on 01271 328504 or email contact@oldvicaragebarnstaple.co.uk TRIP ADVISOR CUSTOMER COMMENTS This is the fourth time I have visited and it won’t be the last. Sandi and Bryan look after you so well. The rooms are refurbished to a high standard and are imaculate. The breakfast is delicious and varied. We look forward to the homemade cake in our room everyday. It is in an ideal location for visiting lots of lovely places. You won’t be disappointed if you stay here. Although it is in the centre of Barnstaple it feels as if you are not, due to the lovely large enclosed garden. So you have the best of both worlds. We stayed at the end of November but due to the business of the Christmas season I have only just got round to writing this. Another relaxing stay , 5 of 5 stars Just a short two day break and found this small B & B close to Barnstaple town centre. Beautifully kept, immaculately clean, and run by a very nice couple, Brian and Sandi. It ticked all the boxes for us and heartily recommend it to all. Fully lived up to our expectations , 5 of 5 stars Wow, we have been to Barnstaple so many times, staying in either a Premier Inn OR Travelodge and this time we thought to do something special … well, this place is so lovely. The owners are absolutely so wonderful. We stayed in room 1 which was beautiful and had absolutely everything we needed. They leave you with milk and cake every night … they thought of everything. And, to make matters even better, the breakfast is GREAT! It is a beautiful B&B and you can leave your car and walk everywhere, plus the train station will take you to places outside of Barnstaple, so no need to drive anywhere! Stop by, try it .. you will NOT BE DISAPPOINTED! A GREAT FIND!!! , 5 of 5 stars After spending 4.5 weeks travelling through the UK with my husband our pick of accommodation was The Old Vicarage Barnstaple. Bryan & Sandi were great hosts. Bryans knowledge of Cornwall & Devon was very helpful as we were traveling from Australia. Sandi is a wonderful cook, our breakfasts were delicious & the freshly baked cakes that were left in our room each afternoon were an added bonus. The Vicarage is a lovely old building that has been beautifully renovated & decorated. Hopefully one day we can return. Room Tip: Room 1 is a beautiful room with a full size bathroom & overlooks the large back garden Superb , 5 of 5 stars Below Sidebar Section gdlr-content content wrapper Contact us 01271 328504 contact@oldvicaragebarnstaple.co.uk Old Vicarage Facebook Page The Old Vicarage Barbican Terrace Barnstaple North Devon EX32 9HQ Menu Homepage About The Old Vicarage Our Rooms Tariff Booking a Room Directions Walking the South West Coast Path Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Old Vicarage Barnstaple B&B The Old Vicarage Bed and Breakfast in Barnstaple, North Devon, is only a short walk from the Town Centre. Our guest house offers hotel standard accommodation and we have parking for all our guests and free Wi-Fi. We are only a 15 minute walk from the train station and a 5 minute walk from the bus station; an ideal location for exploring Barnstaple and North Devon or staying whilst on business. All our rooms are spacious, have recently been upgraded and are finished to a high standard with king-sized beds and modern en-suites. We hope to welcome you soon - Bryan and Sandi Home | Accommodation | About The Old Vicarage - Copyright 2016 All Right Reserved | Website Design By Design Monster body-wrapper 