 Oli's Trolley | Trolley Tours of Maine Menu Book Now Home About Us Oli's Trolleys Acadia National Park Mount Desert Island Resources Work With Us Tours 2.5 Hour Acadia National Park Tour 4 Hour Acadia National Park Tour 1 Hour Cadillac Mountain Tour 1.5 Hour Sunset Cadillac Mountain Tour Downtown Bar Harbor Tour Private Charters Weddings Corporate Events Group Tours Step-On Guides Shuttle Service Visitor Parking Information Contact Us Important Guest Information Gift Shop Buy Gift Certificates Search Phone 207-288-9899 Envelope [email protected] Map Marker 55 West Street, Bar Harbor, ME, 04609 1 West Street, Bar Harbor, ME, 04609 Facebook Pinterest TripAdvisor Twitter Yelp Choose a Tour Our fully narrated tours of Mount Desert Island are a fun, relaxing way to discover the unique treasures of the island. Enjoy our friendly guides’ knowledge and flair for storytelling as you journey past historic landmarks and fantastic scenery. For new visitors and returning guests alike, Oli’s Trolley offers an unforgettable way to explore Bar Harbor and Acadia National Park. Join us to see why guests say it’s the best tour they have ever taken! The 2019 season runs from April 28 to November 1 Most popular! 2.5 Hour Acadia National Park Tour Explore the area, from stunning terrain and diverse wildlife to the beauty of Acadia National Park! Our 2 ½ hour… Explore the area, from stunning terrain and diverse wildlife to the beauty of Acadia National Park! Our 2 ½ hour fully-narrated tour offers the most complete and comprehensive sightseeing experience of the Downeast area. 2.5 Hour Acadia National Park Tour Explore the area, from stunning terrain and diverse wildlife to the beauty of Acadia National Park! Our 2 ½ hour fully-narrated tour offers the most complete and comprehensive sightseeing experience of the Downeast area. From $40 Learn More » Learn More Browse All Tours: Acadia National Park Tours Learn more » Cadillac Mountain Tours Learn more » Downtown Bar Harbor Tours Learn more » Note: All tours depart from Oli’s Trolley Station on the Boardwalk at the Harborside Hotel. Tours may be canceled due to lack of participation. Tour routes may vary due to weather, traffic, or road conditions. Cruise Passengers Would you like to give feedback on our services? Fill in this survey ! Named “Business of the Year” by the Bar Harbor Chamber of Commerce! About Us For more than 20 years, Oli’s Trolley has helped visitors from far and wide experience the best of Mount Desert Island. We go the extra mile to offer our guests a unique journey through Bar Harbor and Acadia National Park – areas rich in history and amazing landscape. Buy A Gift Certificate Business Member Supporter Phone 207-288-9899 Envelope [email protected] Map Marker 55 West Street, Bar Harbor, ME, 04609 1 West Street, Bar Harbor, ME, 04609 Facebook Pinterest TripAdvisor Twitter Yelp Privacy Policy • Powered by FareHarbor Sites. Visit fareharbor.com to learn more. Powered by FareHarbor 