Onar Andros Find ONAR  .  Special offers  .  Contact  .   Press  .   Languages Philosophy Destination Stay 3 Guests Stone House 5 Guests Family Villa 7 Guests Superior Villa New Villas Dining Wellness Gallery Photos Video Blog Infos Book now Menu × Book now. Find ONAR. Infos. Contact. Philosophy. Destination. Stay. Choose your cottage 3 Guests Stone House 5 Guests Family Villa 7 Guests Superior Villa New Villas Dining. Wellness. Gallery. Photos Video Special offers. Press. Blog. ONAR ANDROS Our name comes from Ancient Greek and means dream. Our heritage has its roots in one of the earliest and most important civilizations in the Mediterranean, which is known for its peaceful growth and sincere hospitality. Our trip begins in this secret paradise on Earth, a place of unique beauty and biodiversity. Come closer, the dream begins. Newsletter Thank you, your sign-up request was successful! Please check your email inbox to confirm. The stone houses A small heaven on earth On the East side of Andros, north of the cosmopolitan Chora, lies a rare and protected wetland. Part of Natura 2000, the largest network of protected areas in EU, offers a heaven to Europe’s most valuable and threatened species and habitats. In this magical place where the river meets the sea we created ONAR. In harmony with the natural environment With respect to the protected park of the Ahla wetlands and inspired by Nature itself, we created a small settlement of ten traditional insular cottages spreading next to the river and the plane trees. The harmony in design and construction of the cottages will put you in touch with nature. The cottages of ONAR benefit from the silent beauty of Cycladic architecture and are made exclusively of natural materials: local stone, wood and river reeds. Inside, minimal furniture and details in white and earthy colors are harmoniously combined. All the cottages have a sitting room, bathroom, bedroom, kitchenette and a paved courtyard sheltered by a pergola. Large windows allow the day light in, provide coolness during summer nights and give the sense of being outdoors. Staying in one of ONAR’S cottages, makes you part of the natural environment, and enjoying simple and genuine Greek hospitality will make your dreams come true. Onar, always trying to be a unique experience for every visitor, chose to work with O.live and offer hotel amenities  inspired by nature. With the pure Greek olive oil and its beneficial properties as the key ingredient, it boosts your body and, consequently, your spirit to the top level again. Freshness, peace, stimulation, liveliness and invigoration are some of the senses that will overwhelm you. The 100% Greek O.live care products guarantee absolute safety and effectiveness as the combination of their natural ingredients is a kind of therapy for the user. 3 guests cottages 5 guests villas 7 guests villa Gallery Onar Andros [email protected] +30 2118002912 GNTO: 11 44K 10 00 07411 0 1 ©2019 Onar Andros. All rights reserved.  • Guests Feedback   • Created & Supported with     by RoundFloor . This website is using cookies to achieve a better user experience for our visitors. OK 