On The River Luxury Apartments About Us Thumbnails Link [Show picture list] On The River Luxury Apartments Absolute river frontage , north-facing, spacious two & three bedroom self-contained apartments. Enjoy extensive views of river, ocean and hinterland. Peaceful riverside location Perfect location Just a short stroll from our convenient location,you can enjoy fine restaurants, patrolled beaches, numerous sporting facilities or boutique shopping at the award-winning Sunshine Plaza.Meander down vibrant Ocean Street and enjoy the many fine eateries with sensational cuisine . Book Your Holiday — Click Here FANTASTIC VIEWS Perfect Location From your large private balcony, enjoy the serenity of the ever-changing Maroochy River. You can sit by the waters edge and enjoy the natural beauty and peaceful scenery. The River offers plenty of opportunity for fun filled activity for the whole family. The kids just love it here, playing in the water, building sandcastles or chasing soldier crabs. free fishing gear is supplied for the kids and we have Kayaks for hire. Maroochydore’s Family Friendly , budget accommodation at its best!! Nice catch for breakfast PRIVATE FACILITIES From our private jetty and pontoon , take the time to relax by wetting your line & catching your dinner. You can tie up your boat at your doorstep. You’ll enjoy the pool, spa, bbqs all set in lovely lawns and gardens. Our apartments offer the perfect location for a Sunshine Coast Holiday. PENTHOUSE APARTMENTS From the Penthouses, wind down with family and friends using your own private rooftop entertaining area, including electric BBQ. Two bedroom penthouse also has a private heated spa for your pleasure. On The River Features: Secure undercover parking Saltwater pool & spa (heated in winter) BBQ area set in tropical gardens Apartments serviced weekly Games room with pool table Private jetty Lifts to all levels for easy access Large 2 & 3 bedroom apartments with en-suite Direct dial telephones Foxtel TV ; Security intercom system All rooms have colour TV, some with video, DVD, stereo, Foxtel All units are Air Conditioned Friendly on-site managers to ensure your stay is enjoyable S/contained, full laundry, (w/machine,dryer) kitchen (oven, microwave dishwasher) There’s plenty for everyone to do: Australia Zoo – whale watching – scenic tours Take in the renown Eumundi Markets Wednesday & Saturday Enjoy local markets every Sunday Some of the best fishing, mud & sand crab too kayaks available to explore the beautiful Maroochy River. Kayaks Available   Virtual Tours Waterfront Apartments Latest News Tariffs Image Gallery About Maroochydore- CHRISTMAS BOOKINGS AVAILABLE NOW- CALL DIRECT Contact Us & Save About Us Guest Comments Hot Deals Book Online wrapper ©2019 On The River Apartments, Maroochydore. Web Design:  Image Canteen ngg_resource_manager_marker Facebook Comments Plugin for WordPress: http://peadig.com/wordpress-plugins/facebook-comments/ 