Authentic Whale Watching Tours From Victoria & Vancouver | Orca Spirit Orca Spirit Adventures Tours Tours From Victoria Tours From Port Renfrew Tours From Vancouver Winter Wildlife Tours Tours From Seattle Tours From Port Angeles Charters Why Us Packages Sustainability Responsible Ecotourism Research & Conservation Responsible Whale Watching Green Business Certifications Wildlife Conservation Fee Green Partners What You Can Do FAQ Book Tour About About Orca Spirit Our Team Our Boats Awards & Recognition Community Partners Employment Resources Open or Covered? Wildlife Learning Centre Local Geography Gallery Media Centre Contact Blog Experience the wild On an exhilarating Whale & Wildlife Watching Tour with Victoria’s leading Eco-Tourism Company Watch Video Book Tour Whale & Wildlife Watching Adventures Nothing quite compares to watching a thirty-foot killer whale launch its ten thousand pound body into the air before sliding gracefully back to the ocean depths with a slap of its tail. Our whale and wildlife watching tours let you experience BC’s enchanting marine wildlife – orcas, dolphins, sea lions, bald eagles and more, while respecting the natural environment along the spectacular coastline of Vancouver Island. Top Rated by Guests on Tripadvisor Brilliant! Amazing! A Dream Come True! It’s easy to see why guests give Orca Spirit whale watching tours a big thumbs up. Whale Sighting Guarantee We don’t stop at a 98% success rate. If your tour doesn’t experience a sighting, we’ll invite you to join us again. Best Selection of Open & Covered Boats From luxury yachts to wind-in-your-hair zodiacs, we operate Victoria’s biggest fleet of fully equipped and certified vessels. Free Downtown Hotel Shuttle Service Hop on our courtesy shuttle for a short trip from your downtown Victoria hotel to our dock and back, or elsewhere in the city core. Thrilling Tours Orca Spirit’s three hour whale watching tours run daily from April through October. Every trip is led by a certified marine naturalist whose knowledge and passion for Vancouver Island’s marine wildlife is unequaled in the industry, and every vessel in our fleet is equipped with hydrophones to bring the underwater experience to light. Tours from Victoria TOURS FROM VICTORIA Two docks, multiple departure times, and a variety of vessels make Victoria the ideal launching pad for viewing whales in the wild. TOUR INFO Tours from Port Renfrew TOURS FROM PORT RENFREW The quaint village of Port Renfrew is perfectly place to go off grid on a truly west coast whale watching adventure. TOUR INFO Tours from Vancouver TOURS FROM VANCOUVER Enjoy a scenic float plane ride from Vancouver to Victoria, then come tour the killer whales’ ocean playground with us. TOUR INFO Winter Wildlife Tours WINTER WILDLIFE TOURS Experience the calm of a winter cruise through Juan de Fuca Strait, home to sea lions, humpback whales and other marine life. View Tour Charters & Private Tours CHARTERS & PRIVATE TOURS We host memorable wedding receptions, family reunions, corporate celebrations and other special events for 12 to 200 guests. View Tour “WHAT AN EXPERIENCE!” “The trip lasts about 3 hrs – and it is awesome!! The staff is extremely knowledgeable and attentive. We saw orca and humpback whales – an amazing experience. This is an extremely professional organization with a group of very professional staff. Having sponsored a whale for many many years it was, for me, a dream come true – an experience that will stay with me for the rest of my life – thank you Orca Spirit Adventures.” 15naples, UK “BEST EVER WHALE WATCHING TOUR!” “Superlatives galore! No doubt aided by the most fabulous weather and a calm sea, today my family and I had an unforgettable day out sighting Orca, Seal, Sealion and Humpback with Greg and his crew. Beautiful scenery and the crew’s humour and local natural history knowledge really enhanced our experience.” AgooHostelAccra, Ghana “FANTASTIC TRIP, GREAT WILDLIFE! “Fantastic trip – wasn’t just about the Orcas (although they were brilliant!), we saw humpback whale, sea otter, bald eagle, sea lions, harbour and elephant seals too. Staff onboard were really knowledgeable and the backdrop of the mountains in Washington State was just spectacular. All in all, a great trip and sensitively done.” Stephen I, UK WHY ORCA SPIRIT We’ve been creating extraordinary whale watching and marine wildlife experiences for guests from around the world for over 20 years. Most Experienced & Knowledgeable Team Your tour is led by a certified Marine Naturalist. Not only are they experts in ecology and wildlife, they’re also trained in emergency duties. Victoria’s Largest & Best Selection of Boats From yachts to zodiacs, we operate Victoria’s finest fleet of Transport Canada-certified whale watching and private charter vessels. Multiple Award Winning Company From climate action and sustainability awards to Business of the Year, we’re proud to show off our gold star standings. Leaders in Responsible Eco-Tourism We’ve been protecting our natural surroundings and improving the social and economic well being of local communities for over 20 years. SERIOUS ABOUT SUSTAINABILITY We believe that our presence shouldn’t have a negative impact on the environment, so we’re doing everything we can to preserve the spectacular natural surroundings we do business in. From carbon neutral tours and local sourcing, to extensive recycling and energy and water efficiency initiatives, our many sustainable business practices are helping protect the planet for future generations. LEARN MORE Top Rated Packages Most Popular From $171 Whale Watching, Butchart Gardens and Butterfly Gardens After a morning on the water, we shuttle over to the tropical Butterfly Gardens, and beautifully manicured grounds at Butchart Gardens. From $244 Whale Watching & Harbour Air Adventure Cruise over snow-capped mountains in a seaplane from Vancouver, then join a 3 hour tour on one of our luxurious covered vessels or open air zodiacs. From $365 Whale Watching & Coast Victoria Hotel & Marina by APA After a hearty breakfast at the oceanfront Coast Victoria Hotel, we hit the seas for an action-packed 3 hour whale watching tour. More Packages The Captain’s Blog Victoria Whale Watching Report: Humpbacks, Sea Otter & More July 15, 2019 AFTERNOON TOUR This afternoon we entered into the Juan De Fuca Strait, heading South towards Washington. After a bit of travelling, we arrived with a Humpback Whale! We managed to get a great look at its fluke and were able to identify this individual as “Scratchy”. These whales all vary with the amount of pigmentation […] Victoria Whale Watching Report: Humpbacks, Sea Lions & More July 14, 2019 MORNING TOUR This morning we set out to find an array of Cetaceans (whales, porpoises and dolphins). We headed out West along our Canadian Coastline scanning a 360 view for all of the marine life we are lucky enough to have. We saw some blows in the distance and approached slowly to see what species […] Victoria Whale Watching Report: Humpback Whales, Seals & Sea Lions July 13, 2019 MORNING TOUR This morning we left bright and early onto the Juan De Fuca Strait, heading South towards Washington. We stopped after about an hour in order to scan the area for blows and fins. Our Captain Liz and Chief Mate Jeremy were up in the wheelhouse and managed to spot a Humpback Whale for […] Victoria Whale Watching Report: Humpback Whale & Race Rocks Ecological Reserve July 12, 2019 MORNING TOUR This morning we entered the Juan De Fuca Strait, heading South towards Washington. After about an hour, we stopped the boat to see if we could spot any blows or fins on the water. A Humpback Whale was spotted, so we went to go and spend some time with it! After seeing it […] Victoria Whale Watching Report: Killer Whales & Humpback Whales July 11, 2019 MORNING TOURS For the second consecutive morning, orcas were encountered right in front of the Victoria harbour! Our 9 am zodiac tour was the first stop to spot orcas inside the breakwater! After we boarded our guests, we headed east to find them. The early morning fog was starting to lift, but it made for […] Victoria Whale Watching Report: Killer Whales in the Fog July 10, 2019 MORNING TOUR The fog this morning was dense, but today we got lucky! The moment we left the harbour into the Strait of Juan de Fuca we saw the unmistakeable dorsal fins of the killer whale! These were the Bigg’s/Transient killer whales, the mammal-eaters. They hunt marine mammals like seals, sea lions, porpoises, other dolphins […] Victoria Whale Watching Report: Lunge Feeding Humpbacks, Bald Eagle Mates & Fighting Elephant Seals July 9, 2019 MORNING TOUR This morning we set out into the Juan De Fuca Strait, heading South towards Washington. After about an hour of travelling, we stopped in an area that has been a popular spot for Humpback Whales. In the distance, a spout was seen and we headed towards it. We spent time here with three […] Victoria Whale Watching Report: Killer Whales including Young Calf July 7, 2019 AFTERNOON TOUR Even with the rain this afternoon, our spirits were high and we were excited to get on the water! Our small group boarded Pacific Explorer and we made our way into the Juan De Fuca Strait. The Juan De Fuca Strait was named in 1787 by maritime fur trader and captain of the […] Victoria Whale Watching Report: Humpback Big Mamma, Race Rocks & Orcas July 6, 2019 AFTERNOON TOUR Today we got to spend our afternoon with the giants of the Pacific North West. In particular, we got to spend our time with one very important whale. Big Mama was out and about during our trip today! She is a humpback that we figure is well over 70 years old and has […] Victoria Whale Watching Report: Orcas & Humpback Whales July 5, 2019 AFTERNOON TOUR The cloud above us this afternoon did not deter our determination in finding whales! We made our way south and east until we were just off an area called Dungeness Spit on the Washington peninsula. A few other whale watching boats could be seen, a good sign there should be dorsal fins popping […] More Blog # OrcaSpiritVic Leaders in responsible Eco-Tourism Sign Up For Our Newsletter Blog Contact Us Privacy Policy Sitemap Head Office Orca Spirit Adventures 146 Kingston Street, Marina Level Coast Victoria Hotel & Marina Victoria, BC V8V 1V4 Get in Touch Phone | 250.383.8411 Toll-free | 1.888.672.6722 Email | [email protected] Book Tour © 2018 Orca Spirit Adventures / Site by Armada Design Close Menu Book Tour Book Tour Home Tours Tours From Victoria Tours From Port Renfrew Tours From Vancouver Winter Wildlife Tours Tours From Seattle Tours From Port Angeles Private Tours Charters Why Us Packages Sustainability Responsible Ecotourism Research & Conservation Responsible Whale Watching Green Business Certifications Pacific Salmon Foundation Green Partners What You Can Do Frequently Asked Questions About Our Team Our Boats Awards & Recognition Community Partners Employment Resources Open or Covered? Wildlife Learning Centre Local Geography & Landmarks Gallery Media Centre Contact Us Blog 