Panama Apartment for rent in Panama, furnished apartments Close Close Back Reservations USA Phone: 718-407-0665 Panama Phone: 264-5302 WhatsApp +(507)6090-8427 WhatsApp +(507)6070-2048 moc.asacamanap@snoitavreser Toggle navigation Home Property Management Resources Panama Guide Panama News Real estate sales 1 Bedroom 2 Bedrooms 3 Bedrooms Panama Casa Executive Apartment Rentals Monthly condo rentals with access to the heart of Panama City. Long-term apartment and condo monthly rentals. Free WiFi and broadband internet in all apartment rentals. Professional reservations and management staff to assist you. Fully furnished, full service Panama City condo rentals. 1, 2, and 3 bed room Panama city and Panama Beach condo rentals. Full service Property management PANAMA CITY SAN FRANCISCO METROPOLITAN 1 2 BDRM CLOSE PARQUE OMAR PANAMA CITY AVENIDA BALBOA LA GAVIOTA 1 BDRM FULLY FURNISHED PANAMA CITY AVENIDA BALBOA BAYFRONT 1 BDRM SWIMMING POOL PANAMA, AVENIDA BALBOA, HARD ROCK HOTEL , DELUXE ROOM WITH OCEAN VIEW AND BALCONY PANAMA PLAYA BLANCA BALCONES 3 BDRM VACATION RENTAL PUNTA PACIFICA OCEANAIRE 2BDRM OCEAN VIEW PANAMA CITY AREA BANCARIA CADIZ GREAT LOCATION PANAMA CITY SAN FRANCISCO PALMA DE MALLORCA 2 BDRM POOL PANAMA CITY AVENIDA BALBOA 2 BDRM PENTHOUSE LA GAVIOTA PANAMA CITY AVENIDA BALBOA VISTA MARINA 3 BDRM SPECTACULAR VIEWS PANAMA CITY PAITILLA LAS HADAS 1 BDRM CLOSE MULTICENTRO PANAMA CITY AVENIDA BALBOA GRANDBAY 1 BDRM OUTSIDE SWIMMING POOL Renting Panama City Panama beach and city condo and monthly apartment rentals, easy to book professional serviced rentals in Panama! P anama Casa -- offers a wide selection of beautiful executive full service monthly rentals and long term rental apartments -- many of which are located in the best areas of Panama City like Amador, Bella Vista, Costa del Este, Casco Viejo Marbella, Punta Paitilla, Punta Pacifica and San Francisco. We also offer beach front properties! Remember it is illegal for tourist to take advantage of these great options in Panama where the law only allows tourist to stay in high priced hotels with minimal space and no kitchens. For tourists there are many legal options in other great Latin American countries such as Colombia or Peru. When it comes to full service monthly rental and long term rental, Panama Casa meets all your rental needs and more. We have apartments available to up to 3 bedrooms, so depending on your travel plans you may choose a full service rental or a long term rental. Having a monthly rental unit is more convenient and costs less than most hotels with many Latin American options. Given the privileged location in the banking district of Panama City of most of our rental apartments, many of the units have stunning panoramic views of the Panama City skyline and are close to most of the major shopping malls in Panama City like Albrook Mall, Multicentro and Multiplaza Pacific. Easy access to the financial district lets you reach the banks, restaurants, entertainment centers, and nightclubs in just a short driving distance. Panama Casa's attention to detail complements your stay -- since included with the rental fee is the high speed Internet service and pre-paid cell phone service. Travel to Panama on business, and Panama Casa will help make your visit the most pleasant one. Book your reservations today (guarantee your reservation with a $600.00 deposit) and you will enjoy the comfort and safety of a home away from home. For business full service rental and long term rental need -- make Panama Casa your only choice or for holiday travel take a look at the exciting city of Cartagena Colombia or Lima Peru with our rental partner Premier Casa . Premier Casa is also a leader in prime commercial office rentals in Panama City. List of assortments: 1, 2 or 3 bedroom apartments in top-tier areas of Panama City like Amador, Balboa Avenue, Bella Vista, Costa del Este, Punta Paitilla, Punta Pacifica and more. Full service rental apartments come fully furnished -- apartments can be rented by week or month. Long term rentals available as well in many Latin American locations although Panama has chose to discourage tourist travel so for vacation rentals look to the great locations of Colombia or Peru. Impeccably maintained Entertainment center, TV with cable service Elegantly and fully equipped kitchen Broadband Internet Local pre-paid cell phone provided King-size and Queen-size beds with comfortable mattresses! Swimming pool and social area in most of the buildings. Panama Casa: The leading property management company in Panama P anama Casa, has grown over the years and is now recognized as Panama's leading property management company. The company manages an extensive listing of apartments in Panama City available for both long term rental and full service monthly rental; it also provides a wide range of related services, including property sales, commercial real estate management, asset management, airport pickup and more. With 20 years of experience in the U.S.A real estate industry, Jeff Duda founded Panama Casa Services, which has become the premier property management company in Panama for full service rentals, corporate housing and vacation rentals until Panama outlawed them, but there are other great Latin American countries to visit for vacation travel. Panama Casa clients are mainly International executives from all over the world looking for an alternative to hotels. Panama Casa has an extensive listing of exclusive luxury apartments in Panama City that are ideal for business visitors. Many of these apartments have stunning views and are within steps of Panama City top business, cultural and entertainment attractions. Panama Casa apartments achieve occupancy rates of around 75 to 80 percent. Panama Casa has a much larger and more diverse inventory of executive and luxury apartments for rent in Panama City than other local real estate companies do. Each and every apartment rental is impeccably maintained and has a wide range of amenities like computers with high-speed Internet access, local pre-paid cell phones, entertainment centers and fully-equipped kitchens. Our corporate clients like the fact that we take care of all the bills of the property, making housing costs much easier to manage. Panama Casa is already number one in the luxury and executive apartments and vacation rental sector and Jeff Duda aims to keep it that way by moving more and more to vacation and business friendly nations of Latin America. Visit the growing latin american rentals and property management company Premier Casa , for residential and commercial office space rentals and property management. Rental For Sale Min Stay : days Rental Arrival Date Departure Date Bedrooms All Studio 1 Bed 2 Beds 3 Beds 4+ Beds Price Range Nightly Weekly Monthly $0 $0 $0 More Filters Email Result Search Search by Keyword Search For Sale Property Category / Type Commercial Building Hotel Lots/Land Rural Lots/Land Urban Retail Space Farm Residential Condo/Apartment Developments Duplex Guest House House Lots/Land Rural Lots/Land Urban Multi Family Building Penthouse Condo Villa Bedrooms None Studio 1 Bed 2 Beds 3 Beds 4+ Beds Bathrooms All 1 Bath 2 Baths 3 Baths 4 Baths 5+ Baths Price Range $0 More Filters Email Result Search Search by Keyword Search × Close More Filters Property Type Commercial Condo / Apartment Corporate Full Service House Long Term Office PH Short Term Full Service Storefront Warehouse Features Access for Disabled Persons Bay View City View Elevator Fitness Center High-rise buildings Jacuzzi Lake View Low-rise Buildings Mountain View Ocean View Parking Space Private Laundry Sauna Shared Laundry Spa Squash Storage Swimming Pool Terrace-Balcony Neighborhood Activities Bars Boating City Center Nearby Cycling / Walking / Rollerblading Fishing Golf Hospital Nearby Lake nearby Mall Metro Nearby Museums Nightclubs Ocean nearby Park Public Parking Restaurants Rollerblading School Nearby Sports Facilities Supermarket Swimming Tourist Activities Ammenities Cable TV Cell Phone Concierge Services Doorman 24/7 Furnished Internet Access Land Line Phone Pets Allowed Valet Parking Appliances Air conditioning Dryer Freezer Hood Microwave Range Refrigerator TV Washing machine Options New Construction Pre Construction Resale Close × Close More Filters Features Access for Disabled Persons Bay View City View Elevator Fitness Center High-rise buildings Jacuzzi Lake View Low-rise Buildings Mountain View Ocean View Parking Space Private Laundry Sauna Shared Laundry Spa Squash Storage Swimming Pool Terrace-Balcony Neighborhood Activities Bars Boating City Center Nearby Cycling / Walking / Rollerblading Fishing Golf Hospital Nearby Lake nearby Mall Metro Nearby Museums Nightclubs Ocean nearby Park Public Parking Restaurants Rollerblading School Nearby Sports Facilities Supermarket Swimming Tourist Activities Ammenities Cable TV Cell Phone Concierge Services Doorman 24/7 Furnished Internet Access Land Line Phone Pets Allowed Valet Parking Appliances Air conditioning Dryer Freezer Hood Microwave Range Refrigerator TV Washing machine Options New Construction Pre Construction Resale Close × Close Email Result Email Subject Message Close Send We are processing your request. Please be patient. Copyright © 2019 Panama Casa. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright Policy 