Grand Canyon Tours by Helicopter, Airplane, and Bus | Papillon Tours Google Tag Manager (noscript) End Google Tag Manager (noscript) Toggle navigation Book a Tour Where are you starting your tour? Las Vegas Grand Canyon National Park Grand Canyon West Rim Page, AZ (Antelope Canyon / Horseshoe Bend) Phoenix/Scottsdale Popular Tours Our Most Popular Tours Grand Celebration Tour From Las Vegas Highlights Air Tour From Las Vegas Golden Eagle Air Tour From Las Vegas Grand Voyager From Las Vegas North Canyon Tour From Grand Canyon National Park South Rim Grand Canyon Airplane Tour From Grand Canyon National Park See Popular Tours by City Special Offers General Information Important Information Why Choose Papillon? Groups & Charters Fare Info & Rules Safety Locations & Terminals Weather Grand Canyon Rim Comparison FAQ More Information Contact Domestic 888-635-7272 Toll Free 702-736-7243 Local International 0-808-189-0325 United Kingdom 0800-187-3676 Germany 900-991730 Spain 0800-910944 France res@papillon.com Email More International Contacts More Info English German Spanish French Italian Japanese Chinese Russian Portuguese Korean Bookmarks The World's Largest Aerial Sightseeing Company The Only Way to Tour the Grand Canyon Choose Your Adventure Las Vegas Grand Canyon National Park Grand Canyon West Rim Page, AZ (Antelope Canyon / Horseshoe Bend) Phoenix/Scottsdale Helicopter Airplane Bus Adventure Popular Tours Las Vegas Grand Canyon National Park Page, AZ (Antelope Canyon / Horseshoe Bend) Grand Canyon West Grand Celebration Tour Starting From: Las Vegas This helicopter tour provides stunning aerial views of Hoover Dam, Lake Mead and Grand Canyon West. Additionally, this tour lands at the bottom of the canyon overlooking the mighty Colorado River. Learn More Golden Eagle Air Tour Starting From: Las Vegas The Golden Eagle Air Tour is perfect for Las Vegas guests who are pressed on time and desire to see as much of the Grand Canyon as possible. Learn More Grand Voyager Starting From: Las Vegas Guests on the Grand Voyager receive one of the most comprehensive Grand Canyon experiences available. Learn More North Canyon Tour Starting From: Grand Canyon South Rim The North Canyon tour takes guests over the Kaibab National Forest and into the deepest and widest part of the Grand Canyon. Learn More Imperial with EcoStar Starting From: Grand Canyon South Rim The Imperial Air Tour with EcoStar helicopter features awe-inspiring views of the beautiful Eastern gorge of the Grand Canyon aboard our environmentally friendly, EcoStar EC130 aircraft. Learn More South Rim Grand Canyon Airplane Tour Starting From: Grand Canyon South Rim The South Rim Airplane Tour, originating from Grand Canyon National Park Airport, is an extremely affordable way for families and individuals to experience a large swath of the Grand Canyon National Parks central and Eastern Rims. Learn More Tower Butte Landing Tour Starting From: Page, Lake Powell Rising 5,000 feet above sea level, Tower Butte is one of Mother Nature's most unique formations, providing the perfect setting for your Helicopter Landing adventure! Learn More Over the Rainbow and Lake Powell Starting From: Page, Lake Powell Take to the skies aboard our Lake Powell and Rainbow Bridge Air tour! Learn More Horseshoe Bend & Lake Powell Adventures Starting From: Page, Lake Powell Fly above Lake Powell and its nearly 2000 miles of shoreline, full of beautiful blue water set within the colorful landscape of Glen Canyon. Learn More Native Explorer Tour with Legacy Starting From: Grand Canyon West Rim Planning to visit Grand Canyon West? In addition to the stunning vistas along the west rim, you can now experience a Grand Canyon Scenic Airlines flight over the canyon’s extraordinary landmarks. Learn More Over the Edge Helicopter and Boat Starting From: Grand Canyon West Rim Soar over the edge of the West Rim on a thrilling helicopter tour to the canyon floor, where a pontoon boat awaits to cruise down the Colorado River. Learn More More Popular Tours #iFlyPapillon Helicopter Tours Papillon is the only company certified to fly the entire Grand Canyon with exclusive landing sites on Hualapai and Navajo Nation lands. We service the west and south rims of the canyon, in addition to Las Vegas and the Hoover Dam, and Page, Arizona. Tours afford maximum flight time, enabling guests to fully discover the great wilderness and scenic attractions the southwest has to offer. View Helicopters Tours From: Las Vegas Grand Canyon National Park Grand Canyon West Rim Page/Lake Powell, Arizona Temp Removal until these tours come back <a class="btn btn-primary" href="/tours-from-phoenix-and-sedona/?equipment=helicopter">Phoenix/Scottsdale</a> Airplane Tours Soar like a bird en route to the Grand Canyon and take in the most remarkable scenery of the desert southwest. Our aircraft are ideal for sightseeing, offering each passenger with the best view possible for postcard-ready photos. View Airplane Tours From: Las Vegas Grand Canyon National Park Page/Lake Powell, Arizona <a class="btn btn-primary" href="/tours-from-phoenix-and-sedona/?equipment=airplane">Phoenix/Scottsdale</a> Bus Tours Sit back, relax, and enjoy the open road. Let one of our air-conditioned motor coaches take you to the most renowned canyon viewpoints. Tours runs daily from Las Vegas to Grand Canyon National Park, Grand Canyon West and Hoover Dam. View Bus Tours From: Las Vegas Grand Canyon National Park Grand Canyon West Rim Adventure Tours We take pride in accommodating each and every person who wants to experience the Grand Canyon. By offering tour options by air, ground and water, our guests are sure to find an unforgettable experience that matches their travel budget. View Adventure Tours From: Las Vegas Grand Canyon National Park Grand Canyon West Rim Make the Most out of One Day at the Grand Canyon The Grand Canyon is divided into several regions, each offering a multitude of sightseeing opportunities and outdoor activities. The South Rim contains a historic district of shops, hotels, and restaurants, and also features airplane and helicopter tours, Hummer tours, and several lookout points within walking distance. The West Rim allows helicopter landings on the canyon floor as well as the Skywalk Bridge, a Native American center, and many scenic regions to explore. Even if you have just a day to spare in your Las Vegas vacation, you can experience the best the Grand Canyon has to offer! Learn tips about how to manage your time at one of the world’s most popular tourist destinations so you can experience as much as possible. Read More Sales and Promotions Limited Time Specials! The Golden Eagle Air Tour is perfect for Las Vegas guests who are pressed on time and desire to see as much of the Grand Canyon as possible. Golden Eagle Air Tour The Highlights Air Tour takes guests on a 70-minute airplane tour from Las Vegas and shows them the unique beauty and contours of the western end of Grand Canyon. Highlights Air Tour This canyon experience brings together three of the most popular activities available at Grand Canyon West. Skywalk getaway with Heli and Boat View More Promotions See one of the Seven Natural Wonders of the world that is visited by millions of people every year. Located in Arizona, not far from Las Vegas, our Grand Canyon tours offer a number of ways for you to explore the amazing landscape in all of its natural beauty. When you embark on a tour of the Grand Canyon with us you’ll be experiencing the canyon at its very best. These tours will allow you to enjoy the landscape, the scenery and the history. You can choose tours during the day or as the sun sets. We offer flights that take you into the canyon, allowing you to explore the areas that are of the utmost interest to you. Learn More Join Us On: Read Our Blog About Papillon About Papillon Best Rate Guarantee Blog History of Papillon Pressroom Helpful Links Safety Privacy Policy Cancellation Policy Affiliate Program Employment Groups & Charters Useful Guides F.A.Q. The Canyon Accessibility <li><a href="/grand-canyon-national-park-content/havasupai/culture">Hualapai Tribes</a></li> Weather Toll Free 888-635-7272 Local 702-736-7243 Email res@papillon.com International Contacts Partners TRIPADVISOR DISCOVER AMERICA © 2002-2019 Papillon Grand Canyon Helicopters google remarketing code 