Serviced Apartments La Defense, Paris | Fraser Suites End Facebook Pixel Code Global site tag (gtag.js) End Global site tag (gtag.js) Insider API Google Tag Manager End Google Tag Manager Google Tag Manager (noscript) End Google Tag Manager (noscript) Google Tag Manager (noscript) End Google Tag Manager (noscript) English en français fr 中文 zh frasers hospitality fraser difference Frasers Hospitality Fraser Difference FRASER WORLD contact location Menu Offers rooms & suites Amenities gallery attractions Reviews News FAQ More attractions Reviews News FAQ contact location frasers hospitality FRASER WORLD Luxury Serviced Studio Apartments Luxury Serviced One Bedroom Apartments Luxury Serviced Two Bedroom Apartments Rates Request for Proposal widget-content module Family Suites Package Sweet Dreams & Breakfast Offer Weekend Staycation Offer Long Stay Promotion widget-content module Key Features & Services Free Wi-Fi with Fraser Connect Free Smartphone in room Buffet Breakfast Bar Harmonie Room Service & In-Suite Menus Family Friendly Features Pet friendly Parking Fitness Business Corner widget-content module +33 (0)1 55 23 26 26 <div class="fixed-title-wrapper"> <h3><a class="overlay-heading-link" href="">Fraser Suites Harmonie, Paris La Defense</a></h3> <p><a class="overlay-heading-link" href="">The Paris accommodation of choice for both business and leisure travellers</a></p> </div> Test that Google Analytics tracking is working by clicking the submit/book now button on the booking mask site and look in the URL string for code similar to #__utma=1.1142150968.1343168117.1343168117.1343168117.&....etc.. input type="hidden" id="start" value="availresults" name="start" / Destination Fraser Suites Harmonie, Paris La Defense Arrival Departure Adults 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Children 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Corporate/Promo Code Fraser Residence Orchard, Singapore For requests on long stay rates, kindly email us at  reservations.singapore@frasershospitality.com  or call us at  (65) 62 700 800 for further assistance. Alternatively, you may like to consider the next best available properties in Singapore. View property listing . Fraser Suites Abuja For requests on rates, kindly email us at reservations.dubai@frasershospitality.com Book Direct & Save Now Book Direct & Save Now Manage Booking Manage Booking Book Direct & Save Now Best Rate Guarantee Fraser World Welcome to Fraser Suites Harmonie, Paris La Defense A tranquil sanctuary nestled within the bustling business district, the 5 star Fraser Suites Harmonie Paris La Defense, which will raise a quite new facade in 2019, is the perfect spot for discerning travellers looking to experience a touch of elegance and luxury while being in close proximity to many of Paris’ top corporate offices. Our luxury serviced apartments in La Defense, Paris are sure to offer a comfortable and relaxing stay in the French capital. Read more Tasteful studios for solo travellers and couples Undeniable splendour will be found in our cosy studios . Fully-furnished serviced rooms with spacious living and dining areas, a well-equipped kitchenette and bedroom space incorporating a study area make our studio apartments perfect for couples or solo travellers. Balcony views of La Defense and Montmartre add to the intimate feel of the accommodation. Unwind with your family and friends Our beautifully-designed two bedroom apartments are the perfect choice for guests coming to enjoy the city of Paris in larger groups. Guests can enjoy privacy and access essential amenities within the accommodation with ease. Each serviced apartment comprises of separate living and dining areas, elegant kitchen, modern bathroom and well-sized bedrooms. Added perks such as high speed Wi-Fi enables guests to keep up with the latest news without worrying about data charges.  Handy amenities within each residence Residents in our 134 luxurious fully serviced residences are provided with an abundance of in house amenities. At Fraser Suites Paris La Defense we make it easy to navigate around the city as we provide a complimentary Handy Smartphone so you get the best out of your visit to Paris.  The device caters to a number of needs such as location of attractions and having the option of booking a table at a restaurant.  The built in entertainment system enables you to catch up with your favourite film after a busy day at work or play in the city. Close-at-hand facilities In Fraser Suites Harmonie, Paris La Defense we have a wide selection of facilities that makes your stay as hassle-free and convenient as possible. From the moment you arrive, you can keep up to date with events around town with the use of our interactive e-concierge system. For guests interested in fitness we know  can be difficult to continue with your exercise routine while away from home that’s why we welcome you to use our 24/7 gym with complementary internet connection, towels and water amenities.  After a long day in the office or sightseeing, our Lobby Bar is a great place to come, unwind and relax where you can choose a cocktail or beer from the menu.  The bar is a great place to start the night before venturing out and seeing what the city has to offer when the sun goes down. Business hub For corporate guests , in particular, there is an independent business centre with a strong Internet connection, where you can keep up with any business affairs, prepare for a meeting or print off a hard copy of crucial documents. Furthermore, our serviced apartment complex has a selection of conference and meeting rooms fully equipped with business equipment so you can get the best out of the event. Welcoming to all the family Guests with children coming to Fraser Suites Harmonie, Paris La Defense are always offered the best child care service.  Our kind and thoughtful babysitters look after your little one with care in mind.  For added convenience, we provide baby-kits for 0-3 years old including a baby bed, changing table, bottle warmer, high-chair and free buffet breakfast for kids up to 5 years old. Knowing that travelling with kids to a different place demands more facilities, we provide the best environment for you and your loved ones. Perfect business-oriented location The award-winning 5* star hotel Fraser Suites Harmonie, Paris La Defense is ideally situated within the biggest French business district of La Défense, where the CNIT and the Porte Maillot Congress Centre are located. We’re also conveniently located to one of the world’s most iconic shopping belt at Champs-Élysées and countless popular attractions, dining and entertainment options.  Served by underground and train stations, getting to the property and around is easy through the extensive transport network. Top attractions near by With a metro station nearby, getting around to Paris’ top attractions such as The Arc de Triomphe, Champs-Elysees, The Louvre, Eiffel Tower and famous department stores, along with the many fine dining and world-class entertainment spots are quick and easy. The capital of French culture, science, business and cuisine has countless possibilities to enjoy and explore. A place which is a must see when visiting Paris is the The Grande Arche . It is, with the Arc de Triomphe de l'Étoile and the Arc de Triomphe du Carrousel, the third arch on the Historical Axis of Paris. Getting to Fraser Suites Harmonie, Paris La Defense Thanks to the convenient location of the hotel there is a wide selection of transport options in getting here. For those using public transportation, Fraser Suites Harmonie can be reached by metro (the stop Esplanade de la Défense” is just minutes away), express train service or railway. Getting from the airports, both Charles de Gaulle Airport and Paris Orly Airport usually takes 50-55 minutes. A private shuttle or airport/station pick-up service can be arranged if desired. The finest experience of Paris Situated moments from the picturesque River Seine, a major commercial waterway, Fraser Suites Harmonie, Paris La Defense offers Gold-Standard spacious and luxurious fully serviced residences designed and equipped for the sophisticated. Within the premise, a private and exclusive garden awaits residents who appreciate serenity amidst the city’s hustle and bustle. Be it for the location, the environment or the facilities, the property is indeed the accommodation of choice among business and leisure travellers. Close Best rate guaranteed when you sign up as a Fraser World Member Exclusive access to members-only offers e-lifestyle reward redemption of retail treats and free stays at participating properties Birthday discount of 25% off our Best Flexible Rates END HOLDER Offers Family Suites Package Let your kids be our VIP and enjoy your precious family time in Paris with Fraser Suites! Read more View all offers highlights DISCOVER La Défense: an unexpected touristic area   Read more where we are Fraser Suites Harmonie - Paris La Defense 4 Boulevard de Neuilly 92400 Courbevoie Paris France Tel: +33 (0)1 55 23 26 26 Fax: +33 (0)1 55 23 27 27 Email: harmonie@frasershospitality.com Fraser Suites Harmonie - Paris La Defense 4 Boulevard de Neuilly 92400 Courbevoie Paris France Tel: +33 (0)1 55 23 26 26 Fax: +33 (0)1 55 23 27 27 Email: harmonie@frasershospitality.com TripAdvisor users rated our luxury serviced apartments in Harmonie, Paris 4 out of 5 from 588 reviews. View location in map Experience the award-winning Frasers Hospitality Book now to enjoy Best Rate Guaranteed worldwide! Participating Properties Our Awards & Recognitions 0 widget-content module View all Awards View eConcierge View eConcierge Download our e-brochure Download our e-brochure Connect with us awards press blog careers Developers sitemap terms of use privacy policy Best Rate Guarantee awards press blog careers Developers sitemap Share This Fraser Suites Fraser Suites is characterized by touches of indulgence that spells of sophistication and timeless classics, with rich textures and distinctive décor that reflect the essence… Read more Fraser Place Fraser Place exudes chic and vibrancy with its stylish designer décor and furniture. One can’t help but feel the energy coming from its city location which is often within the… Read more Fraser Residence Fraser Residence is a sanctuary located in the heart of the city. Designed for the minimalist and the contemporary, the property is ideal for those who need a longer term stay… Read more Modena by Fraser Modena by Fraser offers boutique style, long-term hotel residences located in gateway and emerging Asian cities, which are ideal for the “road warriors” or young executives who… Read more Capri by Fraser Capri by Fraser is a hotel residence that caters to the digitally driven e-generation who are intelligent and innovative, and who appreciate the technologically integrated lifestyle… Read more MALMAISON Malmaison exists to cater for those who demand something different. People who are looking for a stylish stay, daring dining or a truly impressive events venue with impeccable… Read more Hotel Du Vin Each individual Hotel du Vin has its own unique character shaped by the architecture, history and sensitive conversion of the building. At the heart of each is our bistros serving… Read more awards press blog careers Developers sitemap terms of use privacy policy Best Rate Guarantee awards press blog careers Developers sitemap © 2019 Frasers Hospitality Pte Ltd.  A member of Frasers Property Group. FOOTER SCRIPTS Sojern Container Tag cp_v2_js, Pixel Version: 1 End Sojern Tag 