Pastime Suites Tucson - Home - Fully Furnished Vacation Rentals and Corporate Housing in Tucson Arizona Pastime Suites Tucson Call us today! (520) 405-6015 Home Amenities Rates & Reservations Photos Testimonials Map & Directions Contact Us Testimonials Home Welcome to Pastime Suites Furnished Vacation Homes and Corporate Living in Tucson Arizona   Furnished Suites AVAILABLE NOW Short- and Long-term Privately owned furnished apartments and suites for short or long-term stays. Call us at (520) 405-6015 Today! Pastime Suites in Tucson Arizona  is your choice for comfortable living at a reasonable price for Tucson accommodations. We offer fully furnished rentals that are perfect for  corporate housing, vacation rentals, temporary relocation assistance and temporary Tucson, Arizona accommodations ,.. we can help you with any Tucson short term temporary housing need ! Pastime Suites is small gated property with only 6 fully furnished apartments . We have both One and Two Bedroom units available, so you will be sure to find the most relaxing, peaceful environment while away from home. We are a GATED complex for added peace of mind. Sorry but no animals allowed. We are also a non smoking complex.  Just steps away from your door, discover Oracle Road which offers access to many restaurants, shopping including Tucson Mall, the amazing grocery store in our local Super Target, drug stores and easy I-10 freeway access. We are close to  Banner  Medical Center, Banner Cancer Center and Sunstone Cancer Resource Center, Northwest Hospital, the University of Arizona campus and Downtown Tucson. Call us today for fully your furnished rentals, as well as corporate and vacation rental needs located in central Tucson Arizona.  We offer short and long term rentals in these handcrafted, furnished apartments in Duplex settings with private patios to enjoy the beautiful Tucson night air. Park right in front of your own apartment for easy loading and unloading.  We are within a short bike ride to the newly completed Rillito River Bike Path also know as the loop.There is a total of 131 miles of paths linking Tucson. It connects parks, trails, bus and bike routes, workplaces, schools, restaurants, shopping areas and sports and entertainment venues So if you love to ride your bike and explore bring it with you. ​ Providing good service means taking the time to listen. We are Tucson natives and would love to help you make the most of your stay. Come and enjoy the many outdoor activities or just enjoy sunny Tucson with us... Cindy & Gregg, Owners, Pastime Suites Our Apartment Amenities: Spacious, One or Two Bedroom Apartments Available All Utilities Included High-Speed Wireless Internet Included Fully Furnished Including all Housewares Washers & Dryers Included in Every Unit Central Heating & Ice Cold Air Conditioning Spacious, Fully Appointed Kitchens Ceramic Tile Flooring Our Property Features:  Gated Property Plenty of Parking by Each Apartment Private Outdoor Patios Gas BBQ Grills Great Central Tucson Location Near Major Bus Lines Relaxing, Peaceful Environment Easy Access to Tucson Mall, Super Target, and I-10 Some of our Recent Testimonials! "I stayed here the summer of 2018. It was an excellent experience. Cindy and Gregg ensured my stay was always pleasant. They even upgraded the apartment I was staying in, but kept the price the same. I would highly recommend staying here." Dylan 2018 Had a wonderful time in Tucson. There was many good restaurants & shopping close by. We utilized apt. 5 as if it was home away from home! We were comfortable, felt safe and will come back here in the future." ..(read more) "This apartment has been the perfect home for me as I worked here in Tucson over the past 3 months. Cindy and Gregg have been extremely accommodating. the apartment was furnished with all of the essentials, and was a comfortable, stress-free place to live." ..(read more) About the Owners Hi Folks, our names are Gregg and Cindy. We're Tucson natives and have always loved what Tucson has to offer. In 1994 we purchased this property as bare land and preceded to design and then build 3 separate duplexes as rentals. Over the years we have rented them to long term tenants as unfurnished apartments. Later on we decided to make them into furnished units so we could share with even more visitors a little taste of what Tucson has to offer. This is a great way to meet so many people from so many different parts of the US and other countries. We don’t live on the property but we are only minutes away and are here often. When we saw the property we knew right away that the location was perfect. With the main North and South Road (Oracle Rd) within walking distance for public transit, shopping, restaurants and so much more, this location is perfect for our tenants. Although it is close to a main road, we're just far enough away so you can't hear road noise from it. Relax outside and enjoy our spacious patios and unwind. We're close to Downtown Tucson, the University of Arizona, Tucson Mall for shopping, Numerous hospitals, Rillito River Park for biking, running and walking, Gem and Mineral show, access to I-10 and so much more. The unique benefits of staying at our apartments: Our apartments are quality built with sound proofing between units so each apartments is very quiet. Tucson Mall is only one mile away for shopping and great dining. We're convenient to bus lines, and close to numerous hospitals within 2 to 3 miles, a great farmers market on Sundays is only 3 miles away, and we're within minutes of a Trader Joe's and Sunflower market, along with Safeway, Fry’s, Super Target (only one block away), easy access to I-10, and so much more! There are so many things around us that I cannot list them all. We furnish all of our apartments as a true home away from home... We look forward to meeting you! ...Let us help you make the most of your visit to Tucson! Furnished rental in Tucson Arizona  Pastime Vacation Suites   311 W. Pastime Road Tucson, Arizona 85705 pastimesuitestucson@gmail.com Phone: 520.405.6015 or 520.907.5942  Mailing address: P.O. Box 35747 Tucson, Arizona 85740 Please check out the rest of our website for rates, availability, photos & more! All Rights Reserved 2013 - Pastime Suites Vacation Rentals - Tucson, Arizona's Best Affordable Short Term Vacation Rentals! Website Design and Initial Photography by John Hiserman Proudly powered by Weebly 