Penkerris | Bed and Breakfast in St Agnes Penkerris Bed and Breakfast in St Agnes Search Main menu Skip to primary content Home About Us Dog and Pet Friendly Poldark Country The Rooms The Garden Local Beaches The Beach Hut Booking Details & Tariffs Cradock Bungalow #branding Welcome to Penkerris .entry-header Penkerris, a Guest House offering B&B  is an enchanting creeper clad Edwardian residence with a lawned garden and ample parking situated  on the edge of this unspoiled Cornish village. There are shops, delightful old pubs and several restaurants just around the corner.  It is a “Home from Home” and guests have access to the house and garden all day. There are three lovely beaches , excellent for surfing, one with our beach hut within walking distance. There is an  extensive breakfast menu  freshly  cooked to order and served in the beautiful dining room. There are comfortable bedrooms with all facilities. The beds are made up with cotton sheets but they also have duvets. The lounge is bright and cosy  with a log fire in winter and Sky television and WIFI available.  The lawn is fine for  ball games but also just for relaxation; garden chairs with cushions are available  along with picnic tables and a barbecue.  There are swings for children and some toys. St Agnes is central for touring and is only 8 miles from Truro. There are hourly  buses between St Agnes, Truro and Newquay and a bus all along the coast to St Ives.  Penkerris is very easy to find.  From the big roundabout on the A30 at Chiverton, take the B3277 to St Agnes (3m).  Penkerris is just around the corner from the village sign and the 30 mile speed sign but before you reach the museum. We are registered with the Tourist Board and with the AA. To book a room at Penkerris please phone Dorothy on 01872 552262 or send an email to  penkerris@gmail.com , or if you find it more convenient you may  click here  to book your room online  (although please note that not all rooms are available to book online). Please  click here  for our ‘ Access Statement ‘ DOG FRIENDLY , PET FRIENDLY BED & BREAKFAST   .entry-content .entry-meta #post-90 #comments #content #primary Search Dorothy Gill-Carey Penkerris Penwinnick Road St Agnes Cornwall United Kingdom TR5 OPA +44 (0)1872 552262 Open: All Year Round BEWARE SAT NAV Your Sat Nav will stop you at the garage 200 yards up the road from Penkerris, so please continue into the 30 mile an hour limit and we are around the corner on your right. Email penkerris@gmail.com This is Poldark country, the area immortalised by the author Winston Graham in his novels. Poldark Country Read latest reviews Like us on Facebook Like us on Facebook DOG FRIENDLY We welcome Dogs and other Pets. Please enquire for details. #secondary .widget-area #main We are registered with the Tourist Board and with the AA and have a two star rating. #first .widget-area Dorothy Gill-Carey +44 (0)1872 552262 #second .widget-area Copyright Penkerris 2019 #third .widget-area #supplementary Blog at WordPress.com. #colophon #page 