Petaling Jaya Hotel: Shah's Village Hotel, Budget Hotel In Kuala Lumpur | Official Site Petaling Jaya Hotel, Shah's Village Resort, Near Kuala Lumpur h1_tag newsleeter_status Our Properties: --- Please Select -- Shah Resorts Shah's Beach Resort Shah's Village Resort our_property header1 logo E-MAIL newsletter_content newsletter  Become a fan social_media header2 header Home Accommodation Dining Meetings Facilities Location News Promotions Photo Gallery Contact Us Request for Proposal Travel Info Room Promotions Careers Feedback Guest Reviews menu <input type="hidden" name="Hotelnames" value="ASIAMYHTLSHAHVillage" /> Hotels All Shah's Beach Resort Shah's Village Resort Arrival Departure Adult(s) Child Access Code 1 2 3 4 0 1 2 3 4    quickres bestrate quickresbg Promotion Regular Price Published Rates widget left_col right_col row_1 Gazebo Restaurant Serve many local specialities including very popular mee rebus, curries, Sumatran fried rice and others. View Details widget News Launch of New Website! Launch of New Website! Great new features! - Read More widget Location No. 3 & 5 Lorong Sultan, 46200 Petaling Jaya, Selangor D.E. Malaysia View Map widget row_2 Guest Reviews Anonymous This was our second stay at this hotel. It has a great location and is a great value for the money. Since my last stay they have made improvements and currently appear to be repainting everywhere. Anonymous Nice hotel, friendly staff, clean rooms, excellent location. guest_review Photo Gallery View Details gallerybg left_col Shah's Village Hotel Shah's Village Hotel is a family-run hotel of unique charm and character. Beautifully landscaped tropical gardens with fully grown palm trees surround the swimming pool, Shah's Village Hotel in Petaling Jaya is traditional, yet elegant and the setting is romantic, intimate and peaceful. Situated in Petaling Jaya, a city located west of Kuala Lumpur, it offers alternative budget accommodation in Kuala Lumpur . Commonly known as PJ, the city was founded in 1954, making it one of Malaysia’s first planned towns. ( Google Map ) A homely ambience is offered with large attractive rooms, and resort style living. The staff are friendly and attentive with no detail overlooked to ensure the well-being of our guests. The hotel's Malaysian identity is reflected by the owner's collection of antiques and crafts, which are lovingly displayed in the lobby area. Frequent musical events and cultural shows held at the hotel only add to the unique ambience of our hotel. content row_3 middle Home      Accommodation      Dining      Meetings      Facilities      Location      News      Promotions      Photo Gallery      Contact Us      Sitemap footer footerbg All rights reserved. © Copyright 2019 | Powered by fastbooking.net | Recommended Hotels bottom container 