Pigeon Forge Hotel, Tennessee - Ramada Pigeon Forge North Skip to main content Home Location Accommodations Guest Services Dining Meetings & Events Things To Do Packages Check-In : 3:00 pm Check-Out : 11:00 am XXX Rooms   Free Wi-Fi   Free Breakast   Fitness Center   Business Center   Swimming Pool Reservations Check-in Check-out Rooms 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Adults 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Children 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Book Now Welcome to Ramada Pigeon Forge North A Charming Pigeon Forge, TN Hotel in the Great Smoky Mountains Experience true Tennessee hospitality at the Ramada Pigeon Forge North. Our friendly hotel in Pigeon Forge, TN, offers inviting rooms with views of the Smoky Mountains and cozy fireplaces that exude Southern charm. Business and leisure travelers will find everything they need, from high-tech meeting spaces and fast Wi-Fi to a free breakfast every morning. Come enjoy a peaceful  getaway in the Smoky Mountains.   Surrounded by pristine mountain scenery, our Pigeon Forge hotel is a relaxing retreat for work and play. Wake up to a continental breakfast, swim in the indoor pool, and relax on the front porch in one of our rockers. Hop on the FunTime Trolley to the shops, dining and attractions of Pigeon Forge, or drive to popular destinations like Dollywood, Tanger Outlets and Great Smoky Mountains National Park in minutes. Read More Top Reason to Stay Close to Pigeon Forge Attractions View Details View Details of Close to Pigeon Forge Attractions Southern Hospitality & Friendly Staff View Details View Details of Southern Hospitality & Friendly Staff Complimentary Breakfast View Details View Details of Complimentary Breakfast Minutes from Great Smoky Mountains National Park View Details View Details of Minutes from Great Smoky Mountains National Park Pigeon Forge Trolley Stop View Details View Details of Pigeon Forge Trolley Stop Rooms & Suites Traditional Room Enjoy a comfy room with charming Southern-style decor, free Wi-Fi, flat-screen TV and mini-fridge.  View Details View Traditional Room Details Rooms & Suites Family Room Sprawl out in our family room offering both a king and queen bed, dual recliners and a 37-inch flat-screen TV.  View Details View Family Room Details Rooms & Suites King room The VIP treatment awaits in this romantic King room with stone fireplace, Jacuzzi and relaxing chairs.  View Details View King room Details Things To Do Tanger Outlets Shop this open-air outlet mall with designer faves like Brooks Brothers, Gap and Fossil. View Details View Tanger Outlets Details Dollywood Theme Park Enjoy the adrenaline rush of thrilling rides and attractions at this top family-friendly destination.  View Details View Dollywood Theme Park Details WonderWorks Get your child's creative juices flowing at this interactive amusement park for the mind.  View Details View WonderWorks Details The Old Mill Enjoy delicious Southern cuisine and artisan-style shopping at this historic gristmill.  View Details View The Old Mill Details Titanic Museum All aboard the RMS Titanic where you'll find over 400 artifacts and 20 galleries within this museum.  View Details View Titanic Museum Details Dolly Patrton's Stampede Experience hair-raising horse stunts and stunning performances at this famous dinner show.  View Details View Dolly Patrton's Stampede Details Hollywood Wax Museum Rub elbows and take selfies with incredible wax replicas of famous Hollywood stars.  View Details View Hollywood Wax Museum Details The Island Explore 23 acres of family-friendly entertainment and fun inside The Island of Pigeon Forge.  View Details View The Island Details Memories Theatre Take a walk down memory lane with incredible Elvis impersonators and live tribute bands.  View Details View Memories Theatre Details The Great Smoky Mountains National Park Discover the pristine beauty and wonder of the most visited national park in the US.  View Details View The Great Smoky Mountains National Park Details Cal Ripken Baseball Inspire your young ballplayer through this top baseball tournament destination in the Smokies.  View Details View Cal Ripken Baseball Details Meetings & Events Planning a family reunion in the majestic Smoky Mountains? Breathe new life into your next business meeting or social event at Ramada Pigeon Forge North. Our hotel features more than 980 square feet of flexible meeting space with catering and audiovisual equipment to bring it all together. Our meeting planners can help with the details. View Details View Meetings & Events Details Specials & Packages Stay 2+ Nights and Save 20% Celebrate summer with a vacation stay at Ramada Pigeon Forge North near Dollywood and Dollywood's Splash Country. Located on the Fun Time Trolley route and available until September 5, 2019, stay two or more consecutive nights to get 20% off our Best Available Rate. View Details View Stay 2+ Nights and Save 20% Details Specials & Packages Titanic Package Dive into history when you reserve our Titanic Package that includes tickets to the famous Titantic Museum with its fascinating 400 pre-discovery artifacts, plus Ramada's comfortable, affordable rooms, great amenities, free daily breakfast and fantastic customer service. View Details View Titanic Package Details Specials & Packages Rafting in the Smokies Package Enjoy a family-friendly outdoor adventure when you book our Rafting in the Smokies Package. Get great Ramada Pigeon Forge North rooms and amenities, plus passes to activities that include exciting white-water rafting, zip lining, family-friendly float rafting, horseback riding, swimming and more. View Details View Rafting in the Smokies Package Details Specials & Packages Dollywood's Splash Country Package The longer you stay, the more you save with Dollywood's Splash Country Package. Featuring Splash Country and/or Dollywood tickets, plus great accommodations and warm Ramada Pigeon Forge North hospitality, the entire family can have a wet and wild, fun-filled adventure right next door. View Details View Dollywood's Splash Country Package Details Specials & Packages Dolly Parton's Stampede Put on your dancing shoes with this great deal that includes comfortable accommodations, free breakfast and tickets to Dolly Parton's dinner show.  View Details View Dolly Parton's Stampede Details Specials & Packages Dollywood vacation Theme park lovers will enjoy saving big on comfy accommodations, free breakfast and tickets to the exciting thrills and entertainment of Dollywood and Splash Country water park.  View Details View Dollywood vacation Details Specials & Packages Ripleys's Aquarium Get up close and personal with sharks, stingrays and penguins at the "best aquarium in the US".  View Details View Ripleys's Aquarium Details Specials & Packages Wonderworks Vacation Let your child's imagination soar to new heights in this hands-on edutainment center that molds and challenges the mind.  View Details View Wonderworks Vacation Details Specials & Packages Smokey Mountain Opry Get the best seats in town to Pigeon Forge's best high-tech variety show boasting musical numbers with special effects and pyrotechnics.  View Details View Smokey Mountain Opry Details Specials & Packages Hatfeild & McCoy This package dishes up a relaxing room, free breakfast and seats to the longest and most hilarious family feud show in Pigeon Forge.   View Details View Hatfeild & McCoy Details Gallery Ramada Pigeon Forge North 2193 Parkway , Pigeon Forge , Tennessee 37863 View Ramada Pigeon Forge North on Google Map Phone: 865-366-5022 Ramada Pigeon Forge North Phone number Email: info@pigeonforgeramada.com Email to Ramada Pigeon Forge North Email Offers Subscribe to our email offers to receive great deals! Sign Up For Email Offers Information Contact Us Reviews Location Site Map Photo Gallery Privacy Policy eCalender E -map ADA Website Conformance FAQs Dining Blog facebook twitter foursquare flickr tripadvisor yelp Back to top 