Luxury Bed and Breakfast | Pine Hill Lodge New Zealand HEADER (start) .tbc_header_logo (end) Tripadvisor Facebook .themeblvd-contact-bar (end) .social-media (end) .header-addon (end) .inner (end) .container (end) #header_content (end) Navigation Home Rooms Activities About Us Reservations Contact Us Gallery Home Rooms Activities About Us Reservations Contact Us Gallery .content (end) .container (end) #access (end) .menu_style_classic (end) #branding (end) #top (end) HEADER (end) MAIN (start) .main-top (end) CONTENT (start) .grid-protection (end) .element-inner-wrap (end) .element-inner (end) .element (end) Book Today! Planning a special holiday in Nelson? .slogan (end) .grid-protection (end) .element-inner-wrap (end) .element-inner (end) .element (end) Pine Hill Lodge and Pine Hill Serenity Vineyard   Experience the tranquility of our accommodation. The accommodation of Pine Hill Lodge and the Pine Hill Serenity Vineyard are set amongst rows of vines and the undulating hills of Nelson’s Ruby Bay. Located halfway between the Nelson town centre and the Abel Tasman National Park, our lodging offers the ideal setting for relaxation.       Learn More Tripadvisor Excellence Award & Gold Shield member of New Zealand Tourism Guide .widget-area (end) .column (end) Enjoy local attractions and activities in the Tasman When you stay at Pine Hill Lodge, you will find a variety of activities, eateries and attractions nearby . Nelson is known as the sunshine capital of New Zealand, giving you the opportunity to enjoy a number of outdoor activities including cycling, bird watching, golfing, hiking, skydiving or exploring the nearby Abel Tasman and Kahurangi National Parks.     Learn More Bookong.com Excellence Award   .widget-area (end) .column (end) Nelson Accommodation at Pine Hill Lodge   Complete with comfortable bed, ensuite, full kitchenette with appliances and in-room audio visual entertainment, we believe the perfect getaway starts with the perfect room. Pine Hill Lodge invites you to stay and enjoy one of our rooms and the peace and serenity our location offers. Relax and let us take care of everything for you.       Learn More HotelsCombined Recognition of Excellence 2018 RECOGNITION OF EXCELLENCE Pine Hill Lodge HotelsCombined 10.0 Rated by Guests Pine_Hill_Lodge .widget-area (end) .column (end) .grid-protection (end) .element-inner-wrap (end) .element-inner (end) .element (end) Find everything you need for comfort and entertainment at Pine Hill Lodge, Nelson Make a booking with us or get in touch to find out how we can help make your trip to sunny Nelson as enjoyable, special and memorable as possible. .grid-protection (end) .element-inner-wrap (end) .element-inner (end) .element (end) .inner (end) #content (end) CONTENT (end) .grid-protection (end) .sidebar_layout-inner (end) .sidebar-layout-wrapper (end) .main-bottom (end) .grid-protection (end) .main-content (end) .main-inner (end) #main (end) MAIN (end) FOOTER (start) .footer-below (end) .content (end) #colophon (end) #bottom (end) FOOTER (end) #container (end) #wrapper (end) (c) 2013 Pine Hill Serenity Company Limited trading as Pine Hill Lodge .copyright (end) .content (end) .container (end) .footer_sub_content (end) 