Pine Mountain Club Chalets – Pine Mountain Club Chalets Skip to content Call Us Today! 706-663-2211 | 14475 GA 18 West, Pine Mountain, GA 31822 start fusion sticky header wrapper standard logo Home Browse Our Chalets Weddings Contact Our Wedding Venues Packages Recommended Vendors Wedding Gallery Groups On Site Amenities On Site Amenities at PMCC Events & Specials Local Attractions Deals & Steals About Us FAQ Contact Gallery Search for: end fusion sticky header wrapper Home pushbuttonmarketing 2019-06-20T13:33:44+00:00 START REVOLUTION SLIDER 5.4.5.1 auto mode SLIDE MAIN IMAGE LAYERS SLIDE MAIN IMAGE LAYERS SLIDE MAIN IMAGE LAYERS SLIDE MAIN IMAGE LAYERS SLIDE MAIN IMAGE LAYERS END REVOLUTION SLIDER Vacation Rental Chalets  Surrounded by the Pine Mountain woodlands, our Alpine-inspired Chalets are PERFECT for a mountain vacation getaway!   Our Vacation Rental Chalets are owned by people like you, each chalet bringing their own unique style of accommodations.  Most of our Chalet floor plans are three bedrooms, having two bedrooms downstairs and a loft bedroom upstairs.  The kitchen is equipped with utensils and basic cookware.  The Chalet offers an open living and dining room, private d eck with grill and parking. Some chalets also have screened porches and ramps for handicap accessibility. For smaller gatherings, we offer Chalets with meeting rooms on the lower level. We also offer 4, 5 and 6 bedroom chalets as well as our 8 bedroom Family Lodge. Linens are provided at no additional charge and guests may exchange linens daily at our onsite management office, open 8:30 am to 5:30 pm. We offer a few “pet-friendly” chalets. Additional fees and conditions appl y. We ddings Your Perfect celebration of Love deserves a Perfect place. Picture your wedding with your friends and family at our romantic Lakeside setting. Whatever your wishes, our experienced Wedding Planners can help you plan your most memorable day with one of our inclusive Wedding Packages. Family Reunion, Church, and Youth Retreats Our wooded 65-acre Chalet Village provides plenty of space for family reunions, church and youth retreats. We offer private, dedicated meeting and gathering spaces for your group.  For lodging accommodations, ask about our three, four, five, six, and eight bedroom rental Chalets.  Most of our chalet’s floors plans are three bedrooms, having two bedrooms downstairs and a loft bedroom upstairs. Relax around the Fireplace or enjoy cable TV in our cozy living room. The kitchen is equipped with utensils and basic cookware. The Chalets offers an open living and dining room, private deck with grill and parking. Some chalets also have screened porches and ramps for handicap accessibility. Without leaving the Chalet Village, you can walk around the property, or travel through the various wooded trails. For the fishing enthusiast, flat-bottom boats are available for individuals who want to catch the big fish or paddle across the 12-acre lake.  For indoor fun and entertainment, you have access to the Recreation Center that contains a pool table, a ping pong table, and a foosball table.  Shoot some hoops at the outdoor basketball court, and play several games at the outdoor shuffleboard court. Next, grab a partner and throw some horseshoes at the two sand horseshoe pits, play a round at the nine-hole putt-putt golf course, bring your A game as you bump, set, and spike at the outdoor sand volleyball court, and play a match set at the tennis courts. Next, gather everyone and meet at the recreation field Pine Mountain Club Chalets Resort also has the perfect combination for your next corporate retreat, business planning session, team building getaway or leadership workshop which includes seclusion, comfort, location and lots of quiet conversation areas for break-outs. We’re just 80 miles from the Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport and 5.5 miles from I-185. Resort Map Owners Page fusion-row #main Contact Us! Call Us Today! 706-663-2211 14475 GA 18 West, Pine Mountain, GA 31822 fusion-columns fusion-row fusion-footer-widget-area Copyright 2017 Push Button Marketing Inc | All Rights Reserved | Powered by Push Button Marketing | Push Button Marketing fusion-fusion-copyright-content fusion-row #footer fusion-footer wrapper 