Welcome to Point o' Vue - Point o' Vue, Eleuthera, Bahamas Villa Rental ≡ Menu Home About Getting to Point o’ Vue About POV About Winding Bay About Eleuthera Point o’ Vue Staff Services On The Island Out Island Living Photos House and Winding Bay Exploring Eleuthera Virtual Tours Food & Activities Restaurants & Bars Points of Note Activities Events Rates & Availability Guest Comments Eleuthera Musings Contact Welcome to Point o’ Vue Sitting atop the highest point on beautiful Winding Bay, Point o’ Vue offers breathtaking vistas of this private, secluded pink sand beach on the island of Eleuthera. A destination for visitors from all over the world for 15 years, Point o’ Vue welcomes you to visit for an extraordinary getaway. Point o’ Vue is nestled among casuarina trees and palms opening onto 2 miles of beach and the shallow blue-green waters of Winding Bay, offering 3,100 square feet of luxury and privacy, allowing you to spread out among the 3 bedrooms and 4 full bathrooms. The house includes a beautiful and spacious ground-floor master suite with King Bed, full bath and large closet, 2 upstairs bedrooms (one king bed, one with twin beds) each with their own bathroom and separate entrance onto the second floor sun deck. Comfortable bunk beds (ideally suited for children) have been recently added in our private office space off of the Great Room. Designed by a famous Bahamian architect, the charming house has air conditioning throughout and ample storage space. Point o’ Vue has unique exterior architectural features; ten foot verandahs surround the house and are perfectly suited for reading, relaxing and dining. The back patio area is a wonderful place for bird watching and listening to our fountain surrounded by lush, tropical plants, and is great for sunning on windy days. On the second floor, Point o’ Vue has a 60 foot sundeck that extends the length of the house and affords beautiful, expansive views of the entire bay during the day, and an extraordinary panorama of stars at night. There are lounge chairs and a table with umbrella on the sun deck for you to enjoy. Point o’ Vue has a large, spacious Great Room with sliding doors on either side to allow for cool breezes and crosswinds to come through while you lounge on comfortable couches, watch satellite TV or enjoy many of the games, DVDs, and free wi-fi that Point o’ Vue offers. Its cathedral ceilings and white-washed walls offer a grand, open space for relaxing. The kitchen, open to the Great Room, is bright and open with sunny yellow cabinetry, a stainless steel stove and new refrigerator. While you prepare fresh caught fish, lobster or conch, others can sit at one of the high-top barstools and enjoy a cool beverage. Tessa Hunt, our amazing housekeeper and cook, and Columbus Carey, our long time house manager are there to serve you, assisting with car rental, meeting you at the airport, arranging picnics and helping with local knowledge. They are there to make sure you enjoy every moment of your island getaway. Point o’ Vue offers 2 paddleboards and 2 kayaks for your enjoyment during your stay, as well as 2 new bikes with baskets for those who would like to bike into Tarpum Bay (just a few miles away). A beach cabana sits at the end of a winding path to the beach, with a table and benches for beach picnics or lounging while taking in the views. Winding Bay itself is perfect for easy snorkeling and fishing. Tarpum Bay settlement and the nearby settlement of Rock Sound offers markets for food shopping, gas stations and other basic necessities. For all of our guests at Point o’ Vue, we provide a full write-up of recommended restaurants to visit, beaches to explore, and things to do while on Eleuthera Island. The owners have extensive knowledge on all aspects of Eleuthera living including finding flights to and from the island for the best price. Point o’ Vue is family friendly and the owners’ children and grandchildren have grown up on the shores playing in the sand, body surfing, snorkeling and shelling. Eleuthera is a paradise and playground for all ages. So let us welcome you, take you away and introduce you to a whole new Point o’ Vue of what island living is all about. Explore Eleuthera or just relax at Point o’ Vue – the choice is yours! There is plenty to do and see in laid-back Eleuthera. There are miles of unspoiled, virtually deserted beaches, including the world-famous Lighthouse Beach; caves; reefs; small settlements and historic sites to explore; fishing; boating; and horseback riding…Or you can just relax! Tarpum Bay is the closest settlement to Winding Bay and is a good source of fresh fish when the fishermen return to the public pier each afternoon. Or you can try your hand at fishing yourself – either in Winding Bay or with one of the locals who offers charters. Rock Sound is the largest nearby settlement, about a 20 minute drive from the house and home to the best grocery store on the island. Point o’ Vue is a wonderful place for all ages – with accommodations for 6 in three bedrooms. The beach is ideal for children and adults, with lots of sand for castle-building and warm, crystal clear water, with sandy, shallow entry for swimming. The house is well-equipped with all the comforts of home, including wifi internet, satellite TV, books, games and DVDs. Book your vacation at Point o' Vue now! Contact Us About Point o’ Vue Point o' Vue is a 3,100 s.f. private home designed by the acclaimed Nassau architect, Michael Alexiou, to the owners' personal specifications. The views of Winding Bay are spectacular from the front verandah, which runs the length of the house and offers a wonderful location for meals al fresco around Learn More About Eleuthera On both the Atlantic and Carribean lie countless unspoiled, natural beaches that are waiting to be discovered. Take a long walk at low tide, relax in the sun, or partake in shelling and snorkeling on shallow reefs off shore. Don't miss the spectactular Lighthouse Beach at low tide or Ten Learn More Rates & Availability January - November Rates for up to 6 Adults: $3000/week 7 night minimum stay Rate for Each Additional guest over 10 years old: $150/week Rate for Each Additional Child: $0/week Holiday Rate     (November and December)         $3500/week $450/night for rentals of less than one week(same as above on Learn More Home Rates & Availability Virtual Tours Contact Copyright © 2019 Point o' Vue All Rights Reserved. 