Point Reyes National Seashore Lodging & Stables | Point Reyes Country Inn & Stables Skip to content Point Reyes Country Inn & Stables Tagline Menu Bed & Breakfast Inn Waterfront Cottages Groom’s Quarters Stabling Reserve (415) 663-9696 Three lodging options for your Point Reyes vacation Bed & Breakfast Inn Waterfront Cottages on Tomales Bay Groom’s Quarters Book Now Welcome To Point Reyes Your Perfect Point Reyes Getaway Whether you’re planning a romantic weekend escape, traveling with a group of friends and your horses, or imagining an extended retreat in your own private cottage overlooking the bay, we offer three unique Point Reyes lodging options to make this the Northern California vacation you’ve been dreaming of.   Our Bed and Breakfast Inn and vacation rentals are ideally located for exploring Point Reyes National Seashore, or taking easy day trips to wine country. We’re only about an hour’s scenic drive from San Francisco and the East Bay, and an easy 30-60 minute drive to wine tasting in Sonoma and Napa. Point Reyes National Seashore—with its pristine beaches, wildlife and thousands of miles of trails—is literally at your fingertips. The Inn Elegant Boutique B&B Our Point Reyes Bed and Breakfast is set on four sunny acres just minutes from downtown Point Reyes Station. Details & Availability Cottages on the Bay Two Fully equipped Cottages Enjoy unforgettable views and serenity in one of our waterfront cottages — located directly on Tomales Bay in the village of Inverness. Details & Availability “Our days here were filled with intimate encounters with wildlife. From coots to coyote and egrets to elk—we reveled in their silent closeness, both watching and watched.”   Mike & Michelle Cottages on the Bay Groom’s Quarters Perfect for Families or Groups Located directly over the Stables in Point Reyes Station, the Groom’s Quarters accommodates up to 7 guests. Details & Availability Stabling Equine Boarding For Guests For guests traveling with horses, we offer convenient boarding in Point Reyes Station. Details & Availability Explore All lodging An elegant boutique bed and breakfast on four sunny acres in Point Reyes Station. Our five room luxury Inn is perfect for a romantic weekend getaway. B&B Room 6 Spacious room with private entrance and patio King or two twins Starting at $215 B&B Room 4 Suite with two private balconies + sunrise & sunset views King or two twins $225 B&B Room 3 Large, quiet room with two private balconies + sunrise & sunset views Queen Starting at $205 Point Reyes Lodging for Groups traveling with Horses Kitchens + Suites Groom’s Quarters Lodging above the Stables Fully equipped kitchens Up to 7 guests, perfect for families and groups B&B Room 1 Spacious ground floor room with private garden patio Queen Starting at $195 Stylish boutique bed and breakfast inn in Point Reyes B&B Room 2 Ground floor room with private deck and orchard views Queen Starting at $190 The ultimate Point Reyes vacation rental with unparalleled views of Tomales Bay. Two fully equipped vacation cottages located directly on the bay. Smitty’s Cottage on Tomales Bay Private, fully equipped one bedroom cottage on Tomales Bay Expansive bay views Starting at $275 Point Reyes cottages on Tomales Bay Walt’s Cottage on Tomales Bay Private, fully equipped one bedroom cottage on Tomales Bay Expansive bay views Starting at $285 Lodging Bed & Breakfast Inn Cottages on Tomales Bay Groom’s Quarters All Lodging Horse Boarding Reservations Policies CONTACT & DIRECTIONS (415) 663-9696 12050 Highway One PO Box 501 Point Reyes Station, CA 94956 innkeeper@ptreyescountryinn.com Copyright Point Reyes Country Inn Stables design: point reyes insider Email 