Puerto Vallarta Vacation Rental at La Jolla de Mismaloya Condo Resort   Home The Condo Rates Reservations Photo Gallery Contact Us                 Puerto Vallarta Website / DOMAIN NAME: PV-MEXICO.COM FOR SALE    [ Contact Us via email ] or telephone: (907)248-5662   Come stay in our personal oceanfront condominium at La Jolla de Mismaloya Condo Resort, on Mexico's Pacific West Coast in Puerto Vallarta and enjoy our fantastic waterfront view, beach and many available activities. Our oversized one-bedroom condo has two full baths, a fully equipped kitchen, living and dining room, private balcony and more -- overlooking beautiful Mismaloya Bay and Mismaloya Beach where the "Night of the Iguana" was filmed with Richard Burton and Ava Gardner making Puerto Vallarta famous. The condo enjoys immediate access to one of the most beautiful beaches in Mexico, which features parasailing, snorkeling, jetskiing, and oceanfront margueritas. The clear blue waters and incredible ocean sunsets, coupled with the ambiance and amenities of La Jolla de Mismaloya Resort, make for a vacation you will always remember. La Jolla de Mismaloya Condiminos are unspoiled and 'muy romantico'. Our condos have magnificent marble floors and bars, with exceptional decor. Our bedroom has a queen size bed with an adjacent full bath; there's also a queen size sofa bed in the living room, and another full bath. Our remodeled fully furnished kitchen has granite counter tops and all new stainless steel appliances for 2014. A table and chairs sit on the terrace, where you will view the most beautiful sunsets in all of Puerto Vallarta, Mexico. An open air restaurant/cantina offers room service -- or table service near the Olympic pool and jacuzzi, with a large spa and gym just a few feet away. The Lobby Desk has beach/pool towels and beach umbrellas. On the beach there are all sorts of activities: boat rides, waterfall visits, snorkeling, deep sea diving, fishing, jet skis, horseback riding and parasailing. You can also choose to simply relax on the beach in paradise -- on the 'Mexican Riviera'. La Jolla de Mismaloya Condominiums offer you all the conveniences of a five-star Puerto Vallarta hotel, in a private condo setting. There's also a bonded agent on the premises to answer your questions. For further information on cost and availability, please visit our rates page and for more detailed local information on transportation, money exchange, etc., please visit our information page. For more information, or to make a deposit with a credit card, please email us below.       Alaska Internet Marketing, Inc. 5115 Heritage Heights Drive Anchorage, Alaska 99516    [ Contact Us via email ] or telephone: (907)248-5662       Copyright 2018, Alaska Internet Marketing, Inc., All rights reserved    