Quebec City Condo Quebec City Condo Other Information Photo Details Video Walk through Guest Comments .nav-primary .site-header Quebec City Condo by .entry-header Stay in our spacious luxury condo located in the heart of Quebec City.  Walking distance from everything and indoor parking to get you to wherever you want! Plus the main transportation lines are right down the block. Our Quebec City condo is located on the third floor in a building with elevator. St. Roch is the business district of Quebec City and offers hip shops and highly rated restaurants.  It is also conveniently located less than a mile walk to either the Old Port of Quebec or Upper Town. The condo has a fully equipped kitchen and beautiful bathroom with shower and separate corner bathtub.  There is an open concept dining and living area as well two bedrooms.  One bedroom has cable TV and a queen size bed.  The other bedroom has two twin beds that can be converted to a king size bed.  The condo has its own laundry room as well.  Enjoy the balcony with views of downtown seated at our bistro set.  The condo also includes a dedicated indoor heated garage parking spot. NEARBY: 10-minute walk to Old Quebec City and Gare du Palais (bus/train station). 20-minute drive to bridges and airport. 20-minute drive to Ile de Orleans and skiing. – Sleeps maximum of six people – Includes indoor parking – Luxurious High-End Amenities – Fully stocked kitchen – Washer/Dryer in Apartment – Pull-out sofa with high quality queen mattress – Cable TV, DVD and hi-fi sound system – High Speed Internet Connection – Air Conditioned Share this: Tweet WhatsApp Print Posted in: Uncategorized Tagged: condo rental , quebec city , quebec city condo .content Facebook Pixel Code DO NOT MODIFY End Facebook Pixel Code Pages Contact Us Guest Comments Photos Condo Video Video Walk through Condo a louer a Québec .sidebar .site-inner Copyright © 2019 Quebec City Condo. Hotel WordPress Theme by themehall.com .site-footer .site-container BEGIN: wpflow ga events array END: wpflow ga events array 