Home - Ramada Red DeerRamada Red Deer Home END .top-bar-wrapper Main Navigation Reservation Amenities Rooms Stay & Play Groups Plan a Trip Contact END .header-wrapper END .header-container-wrapper WELCOME TO RAMADA RED DEER Our 90 rooms and suites are wonderfully comfortable with a sleek décor. WHERE STYLE AND SPACE COME AS STANDARD More experience than hotel. RAMADA IS THE KEY TO A WONDERFUL STAY View Our Rooms DELUXE BREAKFAST BAR View Our Amenities + CHECK RATES AND MAKE A RESERVATION Make A Reservation + RAMADA RED DEER HOTEL & SUITES We are the premier hotel in Red Deer and area offering an exceptional indoor water park with waterslide and pool. Our modern well-equipped exercise room overlooks the waterslide and pool area for your enjoyment. All rooms at Ramada Red Deer Hotel & Suites offer queen or king size beds, free high speed internet access, fridges, microwave, coffee, hair dryers, bath robes, iron and ironing board, desk, free local calls, 32″ LCD TV, fresh air access windows and air conditioning. We also have Jacuzzi suites, business suites and family suites with a special kid’s room and bunk beds. Our new upgraded breakfast bar with comfortable seating offers complimentary continental breakfast with a wide range of items and microwave for all of our guests. On Wednesdays, join us for our manager’s evening social for free drinks and appetizers. Let us cater your next function from 2-70 people. Our state of the art meeting rooms feature lots of natural light with fresh air access windows. This feature together with our Michigan arm chairs make for a unique meeting experience. Contact one of our specialists today to co-ordinate your next function. Adjacent to the hotel is the Mohave Grill restaurant that boasts fabulous southwestern cuisine for your dining pleasure. Also adjacent is Tim Hortons Donuts, open 24 hours a day, with drive through, for that quick snack, lunch or coffee. Located at the intersection of two major highway corridors (Highways 2 and 11), half way between Calgary and Edmonton, Ramada Red Deer Hotel & Suites is the perfect location for east-west or north-south travel. Also convenient to Sylvan Lake, Joffre and other tourist and corporate locations as well as Westerner Park, Waskasoo Park and major shopping and tourist facilities. We are well known for giving excellent service to sports teams and groups. Upcoming Events END .page-wrapper page-outer-wrapper END .row-wrapper main-wrapper END .main-outer-wrapper Ramada Red Deer 6853 - 66 Street Red Deer, Alberta Call Us: 1.866.927.8483 info@ramadareddeer.com Site Links Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Site Map In The Community Ramada Red Deer © 2015. All Rights Reserved. PLAN A TRIP. Powered by Citi Channel. END .footer-wrapper END .footer-outer-wrapper END .body-wrapper END .body-outer-wrapper 