Palace Hotel in Jodhpur | Ranbanka Palace Hotel | Jodhpur Hotel Toggle navigation Reservations Rooms & Suites Offers Dine & Wine Royal Experiences Jodhana Experience Bisalpur Experience Royal Weddings Facilities Contact Us Amenities Ranbanka Royal Apartments Media Reviews Location Gallery About Us Ranbanka Palace Hotel, Jodhpur Ranbanka Palace Hotel, Jodhpur Ranbanka Palace, Circuit House Road, Jodhpur, Rajasthan 342001, India +91 291 251 2801 +91 80 4510 4506 +91 93511 57071 reservations@ranbankahotels.com crs@ranbankahotels.com An Exquisite Palace Hotel at the Heart of Jodhpur Built in 1927 for Maharajadhiraj Sir Ajit Singh Ji, this palace hotel in Jodhpur stands as a proud testament to the royalty of times bygone. Equally mesmerising is the restoration of this regal palace to accommodate world-class hotel facilities and eco-friendly enhancements.  Located at just about 4 kilometres from Jodhpur Airport, Ranbanka Palace Hotel, Jodhpur is also suitably situated to access a plethora of tourist attractions around the famous Blue City. Offering our guests the best of service, our heritage hotel is the hallmark of blending together the best of old-world charm and regal hospitality with modern amenities and customised service.  Regal Accommodation Heritage Premium Luxury Suite Royal Suite Make your way to our hotel and experience regality like never before. Our premier heritage hotel services 90 recently upgraded rooms, suites and apartments spread across the Palace, the Jodhana Courtyard, and the Royale Apartments. Featuring exquisitely designed rooms crafted to accommodate varying occupancies, Ranbanka Palace Hotel, Jodhpur is the pinnacle of regal hospitality. Exuding a vibe fit for royals, you are sure to have your hotel experience redefined during your stay with us. Events and Meetings at our Palace Hotel in Jodhpur "One Event, a Lifetime of Memories."   Ranbanka Palace Hotel, Jodhpur is the quintessential venue to host a plethora of events in Jodhpur . With an experienced and highly bankable team capable of handling events with a guest list of up to 1200 people, you can rest assured of a smooth-sailing experience.  Royal Dining at our Palace Hotel in Jodhpur Jodhana Courtyard Panchranga Polo  Bar Experience dining fit for kings when you visit our heritage hotel. With varied options to choose from, you are sure to be left spoilt for choice when you head to our Jodhpur hotel. We have it all! Make your way to our hotel and treat yourself to an experience of dining in Jodhpur like never before! Ranbanka Palace Hotel, Jodhpur Ranbanka Palace, Circuit House Road, Jodhpur, Rajasthan 342001, India reservations@ranbankahotels.com crs@ranbankahotels.com +91 291 251 2801 +91 80 4510 4506 +91 93511 57071 Home Rooms & Suites Offers Dine & Wine Royal Experiences Royal Weddings Facilities Amenities Blogs Ranbanka Royal Apartments Media Reviews Contact Us Location Gallery Careers About Us Sitemap Simplotel - Hotel Website Design & Booking Engine Continue your Booking TOP --> 