Rancho Jacona MOBILE Rancho Jacona About Our Location Take a Tour The Animals Our History Accommodations Butterfly House Frog House Rabbit House Vistas House Owl House Lizard House Coyote House Rooster House Turtle House Parrot House Piglet House Raccoon House Testimonials Adventures Ski New Mexico Five Perfect Days Activities Rates & Reservations Contact // logo or site title markup in nav area About / Our Location Take a Tour The Animals Our History Accommodations / Butterfly House Frog House Rabbit House Vistas House Owl House Lizard House Coyote House Rooster House Turtle House Parrot House Piglet House Raccoon House Testimonials / Adventures / Ski New Mexico Five Perfect Days Activities Rates & Reservations / Contact / navigation-top // page thumbnail image as banner image // logo or site title markup in banner area A Peaceful Santa Fe Retreat // page title markup in banner area A Peaceful Santa Fe Retreat Your home away from home in the Santa Fe countryside banner-area-wrapper // logo or site title markup in nav area About / Our Location Take a Tour The Animals Our History Accommodations / Butterfly House Frog House Rabbit House Vistas House Owl House Lizard House Coyote House Rooster House Turtle House Parrot House Piglet House Raccoon House Testimonials / Adventures / Ski New Mexico Five Perfect Days Activities Rates & Reservations / Contact / navigation-bottom page-header-wrapper // CATEGORY NAV   Join us, and get away from it all. Book Your Stay Rates and Reservations 300 Years in the Making Take a Tour Plan Five Perfect Days “Each little house radiates genuine New Mexico style.” Lisa Everitt, the Denver Post   Featured In The Denver Post TripAdvisor Read Testimonials Rancho Jacona, a guest ranch just 15 miles northwest of Santa Fe on the road to Los Alamos, is a collection of 12 vacation rental casitas on a 17th-century estancia, or homestead. A short 20-minute drive from downtown Santa Fe in the beautiful New Mexican countryside, Rancho Jacona is close to all that The City Different offers. At the same time, our farm-like setting creates the feeling of being a whole world away. Each casita was designed in true New Mexico style: rustic wooden viga ceilings, bright colors in the fabrics, paint and tile work, kiva fireplaces, a private outdoor space for each little house, well-equipped kitchens and laundry facilities. Settle in for either a long stay or just a few days and feel right at home. The Frog House, from Across the Front Pasture We are nestled between the Sangre de Cristo and Jemez mountain ranges and are beautifully set on 35 cottonwood and garden-filled acres. Rancho Jacona provides a peaceful break from the city and hectic pace to which many people have grown accustomed. It tends to be quiet and slow here in all the best ways. Mornings begin with the sound of roosters crowing in the distance as rose and sunflower colored sunshine warms our wide open skies. Evenings are filled with the sound of breezes creating a rustle through the cottonwood leaves, as well as a symphony of crickets in the summer and fall. Our grounds are tended by local gardeners and caretakers who take pride in creating a blend of native and cultivated spaces. We provide a unique opportunity to reconnect with nature and a tranquil way of being. Guests come from all over the world to relax, rest, and rejuvenate their minds, bodies and spirits. The Best Place to Lounge at Jacona Hidden Walkways Abound at Jacona The Pojoaque River bed is on the northern border of our 35 acres. Easily accessible by a sandy path, the river bed is a wonderful place to get some exercise and explore. The river is often only a trickle, so while you may occasionally return with wet shoes, more than likely you will find miles and miles of dry river bottom and sand to walk through. Massive cottonwood trees, dry canyon-like arroyos, smooth river rocks and the odd flattened beer can are all common sights. Good reminders that the New Mexican countryside is both gorgeous and just a little edgy. Rancho Jacona provides a wonderful alternative to the tourists, traffic and bustle of Santa Fe. We are an easy drive to world-class shopping and dinner, yet far enough away to give you a real sense of the beauty of New Mexican sunsets, mountain ranges and wide open spaces. Wifi and cable are available throughout the property. Our beautiful outdoor pool is open from late spring through early fall. The adjacent lawn is a lovely place to practice yoga, gather with friends for an outdoor party or dinner, or play badminton or volleyball. Rancho Jacona is well-located for visits to the Santa Fe Opera, a driving trip along the high road to Taos, hiking to explore cliff dwellings in Bandelier National Monument, soaking at the Ojo Caliente hot springs or skiing at Ski Santa Fe, Taos Ski Valley, Sipapu or Pajarito. There are breathtaking views in every direction. Spas, wineries and casinos are nearby. Art galleries, world-class restaurants and shopping are a short distance away in Santa Fe.   Join us, and get away from it all. Book Your Stay       content-wrapper page-body-wrapper Powered by Squarespace . page-footer-wrapper canvas-wrapper 