Grants Pass Hotel | Motel Grants Pass » Redwood Hyperion Suites Grants Pass Hotel | Motel Grants Pass » Redwood Hyperion Suites Book Online Now Home Accommodations Book Now Room Types Amenities In Room Amenities Special Free Amenities Hyperion Event Center Other Amenities Hyperion Event Center Virtual Tour Redwood Facility Map Galleries About Us Location and Directions About The Redwood Hyperion Our History Our Staff Redwood Hyperion Blog Local Activities Book Your Room The Hyperion Event Center The premiere facility in Grants Pass. Book Your Event A Variety of Rooms & Suites View our rooms and amenities and book online. Rooms & Suites Not your average Grants Pass hotel… The Redwood Hyperion Suites is tucked among towering trees, tranquil water features, and award winning gardens, in the heart of Grants Pass, Oregon and boasts a diverse variety of comfortable hotel rooms and suites to accommodate the most discriminating of guests. At the Redwood Hyperion Suites, you’ll never feel like we’re, “just another hotel in Grants Pass “. We’ve taken the same care to match the beauty of our surroundings with the comfort of our rooms. We welcome you to come stay with us and relax under the Redwoods. This hotel is amazing! When we came upon it, it looked way out of our price range but the price was fantastic! The rooms are huge, lay out is open, all the furniture is clean, fashionable and upscale! Even though the hot tub is outside it's covered and the steam kept us warm!!!! Had a great time, will recommend and hopefully stay here again! – Brittany Lawson Family Vacation This place never disappoints exceptionally friendly staff throughout property,clean and updated rooms. Continental breakfast top of the line especially enjoyed the option for fresh waffles,very family friendly eating area,exceptional clean. Staffed with pleasant associates ready and willing to meet any needs that may arise,giving suggestions on local restaurants, activities,etc. Also offers local wineries wine to purchase on site. It is and will always be the place I will stay at. It's like home away from home. – Cali Penguin Beautiful Location This motel is in a beautiful location right on the main street in Grants Pass. Very clean and comfortable environment as well. I attended a conference here and the food and staff were great. Furthermore, there was an issue that arose and as soon as the hotel staff was notified of the issue they addressed it quickly, professionally and graciously. I definitely recommend this hotel on all counts, staff, location and quality all 5 stars. – Maria Katherine How Sweet it is – Local Honey and Lavender Noah's Bees Noah grew up in the Rogue Valley and got his first beehive at the age of 13. Since that first hive, through trial and error, multiple setbacks, and various work experience with other beekeepers he settled into his own personal style of beekeeping. In his 20's, he married … Check It Out Generated by http://wordpress.org/plugins/recent-posts-widget-extended/ Redwood Hyperion Suites 815 NE 6th Street • Grants Pass, OR 97526 888-535-8824 © 2019 Redwood Motel LLC. All Rights Reserved. Redwood Inn • Grants Pass Lodging 