Reeds Cabins LLC Reeds Cabins LLC 9300 HWY 119 Salem, MO 65560 (573) 548-2222 Home Rates Availability Shop More Home Rates Availability Shop Home Rates Availability Shop Reeds Cabins LLC Spend your next vacation where things stay simple   Reed's Cabins is located just inside Montauk State Park, we offer fully equipped cabins with kitchen, bath and individually controlled air conditioning and heat. Our guests enjoy our exclusive outdoor pool, shuffleboard Court, Horseshoe Pits, Playground, Pavilion complete with grills and tables, and TV/Gameroom. Our Store offers a variety of supplies for Fly Fishing/Tying or Spincast, Grocery items, Beer, Hunt Bros. Pizza, Ice, Firewood, and an assortment of non food items such as Camping supplies, Rain Gear, Batteries.  Reed's Cabins is a great place for the family to get away and enjoy the outdoors. Reed's Cabins is also a great place for your group events such as family reunions, business retreats, class reunions and wedding receptions. Montauk State Park offers some of the best rainbow and brown trout fishing in the state, as well as several events all throughout the season for all ages. Take a tour of the Montauk Fish Hatchery, or of the Grist Mill. For those that like to get out with nature, Park Hiking Trails cross our drive they will take you down into the park where you can enjoy a walk along the clear waters of the spring fed Current River. For those that like to float the river, Canoes, Kayaks, Tube Floats are a short drive away.   For those who love to camp and don't want the problems or the expense of hauling their trailer back and forth.  We have onsite storage available for trailers at a reasonable flat rate per year or monthly.   Check our links for information on reservations and rates or give us a call @ 573-548-2222 Photo Gallery Contact Us Reeds Cabins LLC 9300 Hwy 119 Salem Mo, 65560 (573) 548-2222 Drop us a line! Drop us a line! Name Email* Send Cancel This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Drop us a line! Copyright © 2019 Reeds Cabins LLC - All Rights Reserved. Powered by GoDaddy GoCentral Website Builder 