Summer Place Hotel Official Site | Apartments in Rehoboth Beach Google Tag Manager (noscript) End Google Tag Manager (noscript) To provide you with the best experience, Summer Place Hotel uses its own and third-party cookies on its website for technical, analytical and marketing purposes. By continuing to browse our site, you're agreeing to our use of cookies. Please consult our Cookie Notice for more information. Summer Place Hotel Menu Book now Summer Place Hotel +13022260766 Menu +13022260766 en English American English Español en Argentina Español français Italiano Nederlands Português Русский Türkçe 中文 繁體中文 Book now Rooms Rehoboth Beach, Delware Photos Location Amenities Contact Reservations Book now Summer Place Hotel Summer Place Hotel in Rehoboth Beach DE., offers a great, quiet location, modestly furnished, small, reasonable price and clean rooms. 1 minute walk to the boardwalk and 1 minute walk to downtown Rehoboth Beach DE. No pool or elevator. Rehoboth Beach has a historic past and is a favorite vacation destination of many families and groups. A popular regional vacation destination, Rehoboth Beach's seasonal population expands to over 25,000 within the city limits and thousands more in the surrounding area in the summer. Affordable guest house style hotel rooms and 1 bedroom condominium units, located on the corner of First Street and Olive Avenue. The Summer Place Hotel offers a great, quiet location, modestly furnished, small, reasonable price and clean rooms. 1 minute walk to the boardwalk and 1 minute walk to downtown. No pool or elevator. 23 rooms, relatively new, clean, private bath, cable television, telephone, microwave, air conditioning, heat, and refrigerator. Rooms accommodate two or three, with either one king bed, one double bed, or double plus a twin bed. Cots available upon request. Four one-bedroom condos are available and come equipped with full kitchen (dishwasher, microwave, stove, refrigerator and all utensils) full size futon in living room and one double bed in bedroom. Sleeps four or five (Approximately 350 square feet.) Limited parking at hotel but guests given one CITY parking pass per room. Complementary morning coffee, and relax on common balcony. Location View Attractions Summer Place Hotel View Attractions Reservations Book now Summer Place Hotel +13022260766 30 Olive Avenue Rehoboth Beach DE 19971 United States of America millerd19958@gmail.com Sitemap Privacy Policy Cookie Notice clearfix end © 2019 Digital marketing by BookingSuite . BookingSuite is a brand of Booking.com . Have confidence in the world-class customer support that comes along with Booking.com footer-inner end footer end 