Acapulco Paradise Begin #content - Centers all content and provides edges for floated columns Acapulco Paradise Begin #main - Contains main-column blog content Thursday, February 24, 2005 Begin .post More than a half mile of private beach with lifeguards and waiter service! posted by Ken @ 12:55 PM 11 comments End .post Begin #comments End #comments Begin .post Rent My Ocean View Condo-Contact yankfan1@optonline.net Enjoy a week (Fri, Sat, or Sunday arrival) at the Grand Mayan in Acapulco or any other Grand Mayan in Cancun, Puerto Vallarta or Nuevo Vallarta; all truly 5 star World Class resorts with everything you could want for you and your family for only $1,000/week , less than the price of an average hotel room. Your apartment (the Grand Suite) has a bedroom with king-sized bed, a living room with two pull-out sofas (sleeps 2 additional adults or 2-4 children comfortably), a kitchenette with microwave, fridge, utensils, and countertop eating area, separate dining area, a large balcony with a personal plunge pool, in-room jacuzzi and daily maid service at one of Acapulco's best ocean locations. Onsite amenities include restaurants, beach, water park, golf (reduced greens fees for my guests), free tennis, nightly entertainment, boutiques, video game room, full concierge services and more. Also available: the Master Room similar to a first class hotel room featuring a king-sized bed, in-room jacuzzi and pull-out sofa ($750); or combine both units for a spacious two bedroom Grand Master Suite with two full baths and two jacuzzis. ($1,500) Prices higher from Thanksgiving through April. Share the cost with another couple and you will have a luxurious vacation at a bargain price. Available any week including Presidents Week and Spring Break, except Easter/Holy Week and Christmas/New Year's. posted by Ken @ 12:12 PM 0 comments End .post Begin #comments End #comments Begin .post Acapulco The Resort Grand Mayan Acapulco, is the finest resort in Acapulco. Built on over 200 acres of tropical gardens, waterfalls and lakes. There are an abundance of amenities for your enjoyment, including 12 covered tennis courts, 18 hole golf course (considered to be one of the most spectacular in Mexico), over 20 acres of lakes and a private waterway of boats. The swimming pool, the largest in the world, adjoins a half mile beach of golden sand. Casual dining is also offered onsite. There are theme buffet's every night and a Sunday brunch. If you have never been to Acapulco, now is the time to experience the romance, excitement and Mexico's favorite vacation destination. If you have been to Acapulco before... come and rediscover the Grand Mayan Acapulco experience. The resort is located 5 minutes from Acapulco's International Airport and 20 minutes from downtown Acapulco. You deserve a luxury vacation. Make your reservation now..... Resort Amenities 24-hour medical service Spa 24-hour taxi service Sea market Airport transportation Daily newspaper delivered to the suite Entertainment Center Self-service center Baby-sitters Mini train ride Banquet & Convention services Special services for handicapped guests Beach Front Sports & water activities Car rental Sunday Catholic Mass Concierge & Travel Agency Swimming pool Currency Exchange Tennis courts Express service Valet parking service Ice machines Jack Nicklaus designed 18-hole golf course Internet Service Laundry and dry cleaning service Kids Club & activities program Kayaks and pedal boat rides Suite Amenities Master Room 1 bedroom with 1 king-size bed and 1 sleeper sofa Sleeps 2 adults and 2 children Marble bathroom with a Jacuzzi Electronic security boxes, iron and ironing board, and hair dryer Air conditioning, satellite/cable TV, International direct dial telephone, and voicemail No kitchen facilities Grand Suite 1 bedroom suite has 1 king-size bed and 2 sleeper sofas Sleeps 4 adults and 2 children Separate bedroom and living areas Marble bathroom and a small private swimming pool on the deck Air conditioning, satellite/cable TV, International direct dial telephone, and voicemail Electronic security boxes, iron and ironing board, and hair dryer Kitchen with granite counters, electric stove, refrigerator, microwave oven, toaster, coffee pot, blender, kitchen utensils, china glassware, and silver Grand Master Suite 2 bedroom suite has 2 king-size beds and 2 sleeper sofas Sleeps 6 adults and 4 children Separate bedrooms and living areas Marble bathrooms with a Jacuzzi and a small private swimming pool on the deck Air conditioning, satellite/cable TV, International direct dial telephone, and voicemail Electronic security boxes, iron and ironing board, and hair dryer Kitchen with granite counters, electric stove, refrigerator, microwave oven, toaster, coffee pot, blender, kitchen utensils, china glassware, and silver Restaurants & Bars Bakal Restaurant: All-day, international coffee shop & buffet restaurant featuring open-air dining. Ala-carte options for breakfast, lunch, and dinner. Theme buffet specialties daily Cha'an Kah Restaurant: A magnificent Prix Fixe menu and a good selection of wines. Asian-Pacific Rim flavors with French and European culinary influences Tumtah Seafood Restaurant: A beach-front open-air terrace featuring outdoor dining abd seafood specialties combined with a mix of local flavors and international inspiration. Theme evenings: Shrimp Buffet, Lobster Festival and Spanish Paella Balche Snack & Pool Bar: Variety of cocktails, national and imported beverages, snacks and light food X'Bok-Lobby Bar: Offering a selection of domestic and international premium brands. Guest Talent Competition, live music and entertainment Mexican Party & Show: A bright and fun Fiesta will transport you to a magical atmosphere of local entertainment, the most wonderful all-you-can-eat Mexican buffet and an open domestic bar, including a traditional Tequila Welcome Ceremony Nearby Attractions La Quebrada Divers - great view of the daredevil cliff divers from the terraces of the Plaza Las Glorias El Mirador Hotel Fuerte de San Diego - Five sided fort built in 1616, offers a panoramic view of the bay and mountains CICI - water-sports park, offers swimming with dolphins Mágico Mundo Marino - aquarium including a sea lion show, the feeding of crocodiles, piranhas and turtles, swimming pools, water toboggans and an oceanographic museum posted by Ken @ 12:09 PM 0 comments End .post Begin #comments End #comments Begin .post The Kitchenette  posted by Ken @ 12:07 PM 0 comments End .post Begin #comments End #comments Begin .post One of Several Pools  posted by Ken @ 12:07 PM 1 comments End .post Begin #comments End #comments Begin .post The "Lobby"  posted by Ken @ 12:06 PM 1 comments End .post Begin #comments End #comments Begin .post Living Area of Suite  posted by Ken @ 12:02 PM 1 comments End .post Begin #comments End #comments Begin .post Acapulco Paradise for Rent posted by Ken @ 11:51 AM 0 comments End .post Begin #comments End #comments End #main Begin #sidebar Luxury Rental, All possible amenities. Contact Ken at 631 928-1782 or e-mail: yankfan1@optonline.net Begin #profile-container About Me Name: Ken View my complete profile End #profile Previous Posts More than a half mile of private beach ... Rent My Ocean View Condo-Contact yankfan1@optonlin... Acapulco The Resort Grand Mayan ... The Kitchenette  One of Several Pools  The "Lobby"  Living Area of Suite  Acapulco Paradise for Rent Archives February 2005 <p>This is a paragraph of text that could go in the sidebar.</p> End #sidebar Begin #footer This is an optional footer. If you want text here, place it inside these tags, and remove this comment.   End #footer End #content 