cabin rentals in big bear california | Rent Big Bear Cabin Rentals in Big Bear California | Rent Big Bear Contact Us: Ph: 714-842-3659 Are you looking for the most incredible cabin in Big Bear? Quiet Bay Lakefront Landing is truly a magnificent luxury log home located on a premier lot in the most beautiful lakefront setting of Big Bear. This one-of-a-kind masterpiece log home is constructed using extra large 'lodge-type' logs that were hand-scribed or hand peeled instead of machine milled; as most logs are for constructing basic log cabins. In addition, a line of 'chinking' material has been hand applied between each large hand-scribed log to create a true craftsman home. The features are incredible from the metallic sculpted artwork on the front door to the expansive lake view. The home was designed so that the beautiful lake view can be seen from nearly every room of the house but without compromising the privacy and coziness that you want during a mountain getaway vacation. There are five bedrooms each with their own bathroom; four have unbelievable views of the lake. Each room has been beautifully decorated. This masterpiece has far too many beautiful features to list, but here is a partial list: The Location - The location is a 10 out of 10. In an upscale area, it boasts 13,000 square feet of lakefront property with 100' of Lake Frontage. It is located on the west side of Metcalf Bay in the crux of a peninsula protecting it from the afternoon winds. This lake front home has a perfect location on Big Bear Lake. The log home's gorgeous view of the lake and surrounding mountains is expansive, looking across the lake and at Bertha Peak (one of the highest peaks in the San Bernardino Mountains). It is located on the south side of the lake so it is close to the shopping, village and ski resorts. Custom Kitchen - Viking appliances - stove, oven, second oven, drawer-type microwave, dishwasher. The refrigerator is huge with plenty of storage room and icemaker in the freezer area. The cook in your family will be in heaven. Dining room - Circular Turret style with 180 degrees of window panes showing off the incredible lake view. A gorgeous 10 person circular wood dining table sits on a large tree root stump. Better atmosphere than any five star restaurants'. Great Room - Huge bay type windows overlooking the lake with a large real rock fireplace made with four different types of stone. The 54" 3D high definition plasma TV is ready for your viewing with blu-ray, dvr and satellite reception. It has beautiful wood floors throughout broken up by a comfy plush area rug. Five Bedrooms - Four of the five bedrooms overlook the lake with an incredible view and direct access to either the huge deck and hot tub or the outside patio. Each carpeted and decorated to impress. There are six bathrooms; one for each bedroom and a powder room in the great room. The bedrooms consist of a master suite with a CA King, a second master with a Queen, a nautical room with a Queen, a kid's room with two hand carved wood bear bunk beds (four twins), and the fifth bedroom is on the third floor with two twins. Entertainment - There is a very large room on the lower level. It is large enough to contain a movie theatre area with a 65" plasma 3D high definition TV (in addition to the 54” in the great room), reclining plush theatre seating, a gorgeous 8 foot Italian slate pool table, a foosball table, a granite card table supported by a tree's root ball and a very impressive full bar made of beautiful granite. This room directly overlooks the lake with turret style windows opening out to the lower deck area. You can sit at the bar and watch the boats go by, play pool or watch a theatre type movie. Dock - The dock is the largest dock on the lake, made of composite material - easy on your bare feet. It has two large slips for your watercraft. It also has a large area for lying out and relaxing. The large size gives it a gentle rocking (instead of other docks bucking you off every time a boat goes by), perfect for taking a little nap. In the summertime, there is a custom canopy over the dock to allow sitting in either the sun or shade - your preference. The custom canopy also covers one of the slips to protect your boat from the sun and elements. Depending upon the boat slip you choose, you can sit in your boat to relax in the sun or shade. Deck - The deck is huge. It can be directly accessed by either of the two master suites. It's perfect for sunning, made from composite material that won't heat up like wood. It was a custom installation, constructed without nails or screws that show - bare feet friendly. It also has an overhang roof enclosing a sitting area in the shade if you have had enough of the sun. An extra large barbeque and an 8 person slate table is located on the deck for that perfect meal - better than any restaurant could offer. Hot Tub - The icing on the cake. Located on the deck, with direct access from either of the two master suites, this extra large hot tub is the most luxurious in the world. Soak while looking at the stars and the lake. For a description: Google Dimension One Spa - Sarena Bay. Or go to: http://www.d1spas.com/hottubs/sarena/spas-bay-collection-sarena.html For a mountain getaway vacation that will leave you breathless and with wonderful memories, book Quiet Bay Lakefront Landing. Call 714-842-3659 now - before it's booked by someone luckier than you… 