Richmond Home Rates & Reservations About Portland Events Location Photos Dining Rooms About Us Guest Reviews Contact Us BOOK NOW BOOK NOW BOOK NOW BOOK NOW THE RICHMOND HENTY HOTEL This boutique hotel has been totally renovated, and a magnificent new hotel wing has been added CHECK AVAILABILITY WELCOME TO THE RICHMOND HENTY HOTEL The Richmond Henty Hotel is well established as Portland’s most reputable and comprehensive hotel complex.  Situated on the waterfront overlooking Portland’s working harbor, the hotel boasts superb views and is centrally located within easy walking distance to many of the city’s hotels, shops, conveniences and attractions.  Whether it’s business or pleasure, relax, forget the stresses of the day and experience some well-deserved time out. The hotel is one of Portland’s largest with 45 accommodation rooms, restaurants, bars, meeting, conference and venue hire facilities, on-site bottleshop and entertainment facilities.  The hotel also includes an outdoor swimming pool (check opening hours) and complimentary on-site large vehicle parking facilities (conditions apply during peak periods). The hotel accepts chargebacks from most local eateries if dining off-site. TAKE A LOOK AT OUR ROOMS Accommodation is provided across a multiple of floors and on street front overlooking Portland’s stunning harbour precinct. Deluxe Studio Room Family Rooms & Extra Bedding Standard Room Budget room King Spa Room   LOOKING FOR A PLACE TO HOLD YOUR NEXT FUNCTION? The Richmond Henty Hotel can host a large range of functions for any occasion. MORE DETAILS Visit Portland Portland offers a great range of activities. Fantastic beaches, fishing, Whale watching, tours of aboriginal sites, shop MORE DETAILS Conferences & Functions The Blue Room Overlooking Portland’s fabulous working port and harbor precinct, take advantage of BOOK A ROOM Check-In Date Check-Out Date Rooms 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Adults 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Children 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Best internet price guaranteed OUR LOCATION Post: 101 Bentinck Street Portland, VIC Australia, 3305 Fax: +61 3 5523 5954 Phone: +61 3 5523 1032 TESTIMONIALS Lyndonpat Comfort Inn – Richmond Henty we had stayed at this hotel many years ago and were on the last leg home after travelling for 15 days. We hadn't booked ahead but on arrival at the reception, we were very warmly greeted and given what I considered the best room at this property. It was on the first floor and had a wonderful view across the wharf area. It was beautifully appointed, very clean so much so it appeared to have been recently painted. The receptionist on check out said no it hadn't been. All our rooms are kept clean like this one. Dinner was in the hotel restaurant and it was great as was the breakfast in the breakfast room. All the staff were great but the receptionist topped them all. Will definitely return. Robbo011 “Perfection” Just about another 12 mths is over and another 12 mths staying at the Henty. Nothing has changed about this hotel. Still as good as it was some 5 years ago when I first started to stay here. For all who visits Portland I strongly recommend this hotel. Cheers. Lorraine D For a good nights sleep by the bay Relaxing, private atmosphere with a beautiful view of the bay and wharf watching the ships coming and going and unloading. Excellent dinning experience. With many tourist spots well worth investigating such as the wharf & bay, tram, petrified forest and the many beaches around Portland area Anon* Really REALLY fab place We loved this place. It was a welcome retreat from our exhausting trip. Checking is was very efficient. Quite sophisticated for a small motel. The rooms were very clean, very comfortable and in particular the bed was extremely perfect for the best night sleep we had ever. Free wiifi. The laundry was really handy just what we needed and just in time. and really friendly lady who showed us the free laundry powder. We loved everything about this place, great price for what we got. We would highly recommend this motel. Hamilton & Alexandra College It’s always a dream working with you! Sensational and you are to be commended on your efficiency in every way. The room was superbly set up, the food perfect for the occasion and the IT component is first class. Thank you so much. The Choice Privileges® Rewards Program allows members to earnpoints at over 5,000 participating locations in Australasia, the United States, Canada, Mexico, Europe and the Caribbean. You can redeem points for free nights worldwide, Airline Rewards, gift cards and more. It’s easy, fast and free to join! WHAT WE DO Home Rates & Reservations About Portland Events Location Photos Dining Rooms About Us Guest Reviews Contact Us CONTACT US We would love to hear from you! Please feel free to contact us. Post: 101 Bentinck Street Portland, VIC Australia, 3305 Fax: +61 3 5523 5954 Phone: +61 3 5523 1032 Email: reservations@richmondhenty.com.au STAY UPDATED ON THE LATEST Email * Follow us on social networks facebook linkedin twitter youtube skype google ngg_resource_manager_marker 