 Ridgehead Farm Cottages Ridgehead Farm Cottages Barrow Moor, Buxton Traditional stone built holiday cottages in the Peak District Cottages About Us Prices & Availability Location Map Nearby Things To Do Contact The Cottages Ridgehead Farm Cottages were created in 2008 by converting a 200 year old historic barn into 2 luxury cottages, they are both rated at the top end of 4 star by the tourist board. Set at 1500ft on a 80 acre equine farm within a site of Special Scientific Interest, they offer stunning views and year round peace and tranquillity yet are conveniently located for local amenities and exploring the Peak District. end of .intro Curlew Cottage A superb historic barn, newly converted into two self contained luxury holiday cottages with breathtaking views over the Peak District. The cottages are situated on an equine farm ... MORE end of .cottage Snipe Cottage A superb historic barn, newly converted into two self contained luxury holiday cottages with breathtaking views over the Peak District. The cottages are situated on an equine farm ... MORE end of .cottage HIGHLIGHTS Stunning Views Fully Equipped Equine Stables Pets Welcome 2 Bedrooms Book Now end of .cottageimage end of .homecottages end of .homeimages end of .thecottages Near By We are located in an area of the Peak District National Park called The White Peak, known for its limestone gorges and walls, however a small part of it where we are is actually on gritstone giving the area its high moors and rocky outcrops. The surrounding area formed part of the Harpur Crewe Estate until it was split up and sold off half way through last century. end of .intro Bakewell Bakewell dates from about 1300 and has a large stall market and cattle market every Monday. It is famous as being the home of the original Bakewell Pudding. Leek Leek is also less than 10 minutes drive and has stall markets every Wednesday, Friday and Saturday. It has a Coop and Morrisons and some excellent antique shops. Buxton Buxton is only 10 minutes drive, it is a Georgian Spa town with some wonderful architecture, it is home to the Opera House with a regular and varied selection of entertainment. Longnor The nearest village is Longnor dating from the time of the Doomsday Book, set on old trade routes it was an important trading centre as evidenced by the cobbled market square. Things to do Walking Cycling Stately Homes end of .nearbyimg end of .homenearby © Ridgehead Farm Cottages 2015 | All rights reserved - Website Design: Buxton Web Design end of #footer end of #wrapper 39 queries. 0.614 second. ShiftNav Main Toggle Ridgehead Farm Cottages /#shiftnav-toggle-main ShiftNav #shiftnav-main Cottages About Us Prices & Availability Location Map Nearby Things To Do Back Contact /.shiftnav-inner /.shiftnav #shiftnav-main 