Rigneys Farm, Farm Stay Ireland - Stay on a working Irish Farm Menu +353 87 2834754 info@rigneysfarm.com Stay with us Our farm and forest Breakfast! 30 mile radius Food produce Rigney's Farm Stay on a working Irish farm The road to Rigneys and Curraghchase Forest Park Our garden in bloom at Rigneys Farm Bed and Breakfast Wonderful Piglets at Rigneys Farm Guesthouse A view through the tress - Rigneys Farm B&B from the forest park One of our sows with her little piglet at Rigneys Farm Rigneys Farm on the boundary of Curraghchase Forest Park Summer's Harvest at Rigneys Farm, Ireland Our ducks paying no attention to our pigs on Rigneys Farm Our Rooms Our Oak Room with a comfy Four Poster! We have four very comfortable rooms, each with its own unique character. Our rates are from €37.50pps or €60 single occupancy. We offer discounts for stays of two nights or more! View all rooms. Where We Are We are right beside the beautiful Curraghchase Forest Park. In the West of Ireland, we are only 45 minutes from Shannon International Airport. GPS: 52°36'16.5"N 8°52'41.7"W Decimal Degrees: 52.604582, -8.878252 Our Farm Our farm is home to happy, pasture-fed, rare-breed animals who live the way nature intended. Experience an Irish pastoral tradition that goes back centuries. Prepare to be entranced by this story-book farm, a perfect example of genuine Irish B&B hospitality. John and Sally from McKennas' Guides Rigneys of Curraghchase Video of Rigneys of Curraghchase Videos In a 30 mile radius Adare Village Adare village is regarded as being one of Ireland's prettiest and most picturesque village. It is a wonderful, unique place to visit, steeped in history dating back to 1200ad. In the early 19th century, the Earl of Desmond, laid the plan for the existing streets and townhouses of Adare. Curraghchase Forest Park On the doorstep of our house lies one of the most beautiful parks in Ireland. Curraghchase Forest Park offers 700 acres of pristine nature and woods, including a 1,500 year-old yew wood. The park is unspoilt, and little known: you can walk for hours here in perfect peace and silence. View all activities. Our Food Produce Handmade on our farm, from pasture-fed, free range animals and free of artificial additives, our range of products have won many significant awards. Our Philosophy When you have collected a just-laid hen's egg, cuddled a baby piglet, fed a pony, visited happy pigs in the field, you have an experience to treasure for ever - tactile; genuine; sustainable; enriching; unforgettable What's New? The Wild Atlantic Way The WAW is a coastal touring route that runs from the Inishowen Peninsula in Donegal to Kinsale in County Cork. The route is creating a lot of excitement both home and abroad, because it’s the longest defined coastal touring route - in the world! Rigneys farm is just adjacent to the Wild Atlantic Way, and we welcome visitors using that route, whether they travel by car, by foot or by bike. We hope that they will stop for a little while in West Limerick and enjoy a real Irish welcome. Attending Weston A. Price Foundation in London Looking forward to attending the London Chapter of the Weston A. Price Foundation and especially attending the workshops on traditional methods of food preparation including fermenting and sourdough baking! Farmers Market at Killaloe Don't forget we'll be at the Killaloe Farmers' Market - it takes place every Sunday from 11.00 - 15.00 and has wonderful fresh and local produce with over 20 stalls! Hope to see you there. © Rigneys Farm 2014 - 2017 Tel: +353 87 2834754 - Email: info@rigneysfarm.com Farm Stays & Tours School Tours We're delighted to welcome school tours to Rigney's Farm to experience a traditional, Irish... Read more. Walking Groups Located just next to Curraghchase Forest Park, Rigneys Farm is a perfect location to stop in for... Read more. 3 Night Stay with Suggested Farm Itinerary We've put together a suggested itinerary for guests staying three nights at Rigneys Farm. There... Read more. 5 Night Stay with Suggested Farm Itinerary For guests who would like to experience working farm life and get involved in our daily life... Read more. Rigneys Farm at Curraghchase Forest park near the Shannon River in County Limerick Stay with us Our farm and forest Breakfast! 30 mile radius Food produce 