Vacation Rental Beachfront Villas in Rincon Puerto Rico Inquire  Today! Beachfront Vacation Rental Houses Home Casa Tamara Casa Serena Availability Rates & Inquiry Reviews Guest Photos Casa Serena has 2 separate units, side by side.  They can  be rented separately or together . Each unit has 2 bedrooms and 2 bathrooms. Each unit has a master bedroom with king size bed and full bathroom ensuite, and a second bedroom with 2 twin beds, which can be made up as a king when requested. There is a second full bathroom in the hall. Every bedroom has air conditioning and a ceiling fan.  Each unit has a living area with fully equipped kitchen,  satellite TV, Wi-Fi , A/C,  dining table for 4,  and a covered patio with dining table, barbecue and great views of fabulous sunset over the caribbean.. Casa Tamara and Casa Serena (each with 2 independent units) are very special!  Just open the garden gate and you will be on an 8 mile stretch of beautiful sandy beach, with calm waters, known as the best swimming beach in Rincon.  The living rooms open on to a covered patio.  We dine on the patio, facing west - The Caribbean - and watch the fabulous sunsets.  Our homes are the perfect place for a family vacation,  a friends get together  or a romantic get-away. Read More Nancy Renee RinconVillas@gmail.com Casa Tamara Casa Tamara & Casa Serena 917-658-2868 800-556-9877  Casa Tamara has 2 separate units, upstairs and downstairs.  They can be rented separately or together. ​The downstairs has 3 bedrooms and 3 bathrooms. The upstairs has 3 bedrooms and 2 bathrooms. Each unit has a master bedroom with full bathroom ensuite and its own TV, the second and third bedrooms in each unit have two twin beds in each, which can be made up as a king when requested. In the downstairs unit, the third bedroom has a full bathroom ensuite. Every bedroom has air conditioning as well as a ceiling fan.  The open living area has a fully equipped kitchen,  dining area and seating area with Wi-Fi, satellite TV, DVD,  and a 25 foot covered porch with dining table, barbecue and great views.  Thank you for your interest in our beachfront homes in Rincon.  We think you will be delighted when you see Casa Tamara and Casa Serena, our beachfront rental houses in Rincon, Puerto Rico. You will find links to  detailed information,  photos,  rates,  letters from our former guests, and an up to date availability calendar. Read More Casa Serena RINCON PUERTO RICO - EVERYTHING IS GREAT Copyright. Casa Tamara Casa Serena . All rights reserved.  View on Mobile 