Guadalupe River Cabins | Vacation Rentals and Camping #header-logo-image Rio Guadalupe Resort Waterfront Resort on the Guadalupe #site-description #header-text #header-left-section Contact Rio Now! 1-877-Rio-Raft #header-right-section #header-text-nav-wrap .inner-wrap Menu Home About Rio Rio’s Photos Directions to Rio Guadalupe Resort Rio’s Policies Rio’s FAQ’s Rio’s Lodging Rio’s Cabins Rio’s Efficiency cabins / 1 queen & 1 full size bed, AC, TV, Riverside Rio’s 1 bedroom Cabin / 1 queen & 1 full size bed, AC, TV, Poolside Rio’s 2 Bedroom Cabins / 1 queen & 1 full size bed, AC, TV, Poolside Rio’s 2 Bedroom cabin / 1 king / 1 full size bed, AC, TV, Riverside Rio’s 2 story – 2 bedroom Cabin / 4 full size beds, AC,TV, Riverside Rio’s 2 story – 3 bedroom Cabin / 4 full size beds(1,1,2), AC,TV, Riverside Rio’s RV Sites Cabin layout Rio Rates Summer Rates For Rio Guadalupe Cabins Winter Rates For Rio Guadalupe Cabins Rio Guadalupe RV Park Summer Rates Rio Guadalupe RV Park Winter Rates Rio’s Event Hall Rio’s Fishing & Tubing Guadalupe River Rafting, Tubing & Kayaking Fishing on The Guadalupe River Rio’s News/Events Rio’s News Rio’s Events Contact Rio View of Guadalupe River View More Rio Guadalupe Resort Store River Front Cabins on the Guadalupe... Fun on the Guadalupe Book now Guadalupe River View Read more Wedding Venue in Texas Tubing in Guadalupe River View more      The river is great so recreational tubing, kayaking & rafting will be good cold fun  this week!   Summer  in the Texas Hill Country is great for camping or staying in one of our comfortable Guadalupe River cabins so make plans to come soon.   We are near New Braunfels, Gruene and Canyon Lake with RV sites with easy access to the river or enjoy our large swimming pool.  O ur resort is in great shape and open daily for river trips or shopping in our retail store.  If you are looking for Guadalupe River lodging or the best RV sites & tubes (or toobs) in New Braunfels, Texas , check us out.   877- 746-7238  – Remember, no pets please in cabins and only during the winter in the RV park.   877-RioRaft (746-7238) A short drive from New Braunfels on River Road, Rio Guadalupe Resort offers a superb selection of 25 cottages ranging from 1 to 3 bedrooms, with most accommodating 4 people and there are 4 two story cottages for up to 8 people. All include full kitchenettes, flat screen tv’s, and a tub with shower. Free WI-FI is available, and most of our cottages feature spectacular Guadalupe River views! Rio Guadalupe Resort also has premium RV Sites with both 30 and 50 amp services available with on site sewer and most with cable TV availability.  We are 20 minutes from Gruene Hall, great shops, the Gristmill Restaurant and other wonderful places to eat!   This is the 21st year for the Friday Afternoon Club- from 4-7.  Free live music almost every afternoon this week at Gruene Hall! Whitewater Amphitheater is minutes away so book your rooms now – shuttles are available!  Rio Guadalupe offers some of the finest Trout fishing in all of Texas, along with rafting, tubing and kayaking. We have almost a quarter mile of easily accessible river frontage in addition to our large swimming pool, a playground and plenty of room to move about.  When you rent from Rio, we shuttle you -no worries about a ride! Rio Guadalupe Resort is a short drive from both San Antonio and Austin, making day trips to the Alamo or Austin attractions  very easy and convenient. New Braunfels and Gruene offer many unique dining & shopping experiences, and the San Marcos Outlet Stores are just minutes away.  Check out Gruene Hall-   great music just a short drive from Rio!    .  Want to take a scenic trip? You will enjoy a drive down River Road which USA Today has named as one of the “Best Scenic Drives” in all of Texas. So whether you want to explore or just relax, Rio Guadalupe Resort has something to offer for everyone! Contact us today to schedule your Guadalupe River Getaway.   Call to reserve your cottage or RV site – toll-free 877-RioRaft  #content #primary .inner-wrap #main Rio Guadalupe Resort Home Directions to Rio Guadalupe Resort Rio’s Policies Rio’s Lodging About FAQ’s Contact Rio River Conditions Gage Height: 5.26 Hours & Info Rio Guadalupe Resort 14130 River Road New Braunfels, Texas 830-964-3613 Monday 8:30 AM - 5:00 PM Tuesday 8:30 AM - 5:00 PM Wednesday 8:30 AM - 5:00 PM Thursday 8:30 AM - 5:00 PM Friday 8:30 AM - 5:00 PM Saturday 8:30 AM - 5:00 PM Sunday 8:30 AM - 5:00 PM Connect With Us Connect With Us Copyright © 2019 Rio Guadalupe Resort . #page ngg_resource_manager_marker 