Riverfields Farm Stay Accommodation Ashburton Riverfields Cottage 347 Grahams Rd, Willowby +64 3 307 1642 or +64 27 479 2760 enquiries@riverfields.co.nz Home Gallery .dropdown Stay The Cottage The Loft The Studio .dropdown The Farm The Cows The Sheep Wheat Fields .dropdown Eco Tourism Eco Self-Drive Activities Eco Tourism Day Trips .dropdown Activities Lake Hood Mt Hutt Golf .dropdown Contact Book Now end of nav-collapse end of container end of navbar-inner end of navbar START REVOLUTION SLIDER 5.1 auto mode SLIDE MAIN IMAGE LAYERS SLIDE MAIN IMAGE LAYERS SLIDE MAIN IMAGE LAYERS END REVOLUTION SLIDER end of header   Our Accomodation The Studio An ideal budget stopover for one to two travellers in a small but unique accommodation with a small sunny bedroom and deck. A private bathroom 30 meters away at the farm house. Set in a garden, there are private farmyard and garden views. Enjoy breakfast at the farm house Book Now The Loft This is a newly developed apartment in the upstairs of our homestead, which offers very private, semi self- contained accommodation. There are two separate bedrooms - bedroom 1 has a queen bed and a single, with an ensuite bathroom and bedroom 2 has a single bed. A king single bed is in the lounge giving a comfortable stay for another extra guest. Book Now Riverfields Cottage A warm welcome awaits you at this boutique country cottage offering luxury accommodation for two. This self contained country cottage is furnished and decorated with a spice of fun with its retro flavour. This restored cottage has a modern kitchen and appliances, a modern bathroom and a bedroom with a large comfortable king sized bed. Book Now end of modern_accommodations Special Riverfields Farm Woolshed Experience Enjoy our woolshed experience where you are able handle the wool feeling its fineness, softness and viewing its colour and strength. We will describe the process of taking the wool from the live sheep, understanding it unique characteristics or a wide range of end uses including a spinning wool as a natural fibre with a spinning wheel. Read more end of offer Special The Evening Food Hamper A dinner food hamper is available on request. The hamper includes pre-dinner crackers and spreads, a bottle of wine, local meat or fish, fresh vegetables and dessert. Read more end of offer < > Riverfields B&B Farm Accommodation Discover a truly unique farm experience at Riverfields B&B Farm Accommodation. Nestled in the heart of the Canterbury Plains, Riverfields Farm is near Ashburton, Mid Canterbury. It is uniquely set on a real working crop and livestock farm. It offers two private, fully equipped, self-contained spaces: The Cottage and The Loft . Guests can relax in the scenery while enjoying a traditional New Zealand farm breakfast. It is served in the rooms with mountain views across farmland to the Southern Alps of New Zealand’s South Island. Escape & unplug. Riverfields Farm offers two accommodation options, The Cottage and The Loft . The Cottage is a carefully restored one bedroom cottage. Set amongst cropping fields, grazing animals and mountain views, it has its own private garden. The Loft provides scenic views from a private second floor location. Relish in the peace and solitude from either location. Relax listening to bird song and the wind in the trees. Enjoy the tranquillity of watching sheep graze. Stretch your eyes. Both The Cottage and The Loft are perfectly placed for views of the Southern Alps and Mount Hutt. Stretch your eyes across the expansive Canterbury plains. Watch sunsets from your deck and awake early to the amazing sunrises. Enjoy a farm breakfast brought to your by your hosts. Stretch your legs. Walk or cycle. Bicycles are provided for guests to cycle the near-by Hakatere River Trail. Explore the easy river trail into town or to Lake Hood. Connect with the locals. A warm welcome awaits you with an opportunity to meet your friendly kiwi hosts, Debbie and Ian. Feel free to ask questions about the farm. Learn about the seasons and what is happening in the moment. Tune in. Take our farm tour and visit the wool shed. See and touch the wool. Learn about how the wool is grown and shorn. We’ll show you how the animals are farmed and answer your questions about their care and management. Learn about the specialist seed, crops and cereals grown in the fertile soils. begin generated sidebar Scenic Retreat Enjoy wide open spaces and the relaxing retreat that is Riverfields Farm. Book Now Testimonials What a beautiful place! We loved our stay. Andrew & Luli, Peru end of tabs end generated sidebar end of span3 end of content end of shadow1 end of span12 end of row end of container end of wrapper Company Info Riverfields Farm 347 Grahams Rd Willowby Call Us: + 64 3 307 1642 or + 64 27 479 2760 #first .widget-area Testimonials What a beautiful place! We loved our stay. Andrew & Luli, Peru #second .widget-area end of footer-links-container end of footer © 2019 Copyright Riverfields Accomodation. All rights reserved. end of footer-bg 