Riverside Inn Bed and Breakfast of North Conway Mt Washington Valley New Hampshire Riverside Inn Bed and Breakfast North Conway / Mt Washington Valley / Intervale, New Hampshire Newly renovated rooms & suites, romantic fireplaces, spa tubs, private baths, directly on the beautiful East Branch Saco River, central location, near everything, quiet - off the beaten path, small inn with attentive personal service, full country breakfast, king and queen beds... Unwind by the river in a casually elegant turn-of-the-century home at Riverside Inn. Gas fireplaces and stoves add romance to our queen and king rooms and suites. Quietly nestled between North Conway and Jackson, it's the perfect headquarters for hiking, climbing, skiing, canoeing, shopping and other MWV adventures. Full country breakfast, non-smoking, WI-FI, A/C, and attentive service await you. Riverside Inn Bed and Breakfast is located in the quaint New England mountain village of Intervale, in Mt Washington Valley, not far from Jackson Village. With a backdrop of over 700,000 acres of protected White Mountain National Forest, the 100+ year old property is less than three miles north of North Conway, New Hampshire. One of the most breathtaking views of the tallest peak in the northeastern US - Mt. Washington (6,288 ft.) - is readily nearby at the Intervale Scenic Vista. The Inn's location provides convenient access to the Mount Washington Valley and the abundant activities spanning all four seasons. The Riverside Inn has 5 handsomely appointed guest rooms and 1 two-bedrom suite, all with private baths. The numerous inviting public rooms showcase the surrounding wooded landscape, designed to enhance relaxation and encourage casual conversation... those treasured characteristics of a classic bed and breakfast. The East Branch of the Saco River, stretching the entire length of the property, provides relaxing sound and fabulous views. The three-story Victorian was constructed in 1906 as a private residence in the quaint mountain village of Intervale. Now lovingly restored as a comfortable, spacious, intimate bed and breakfast inn, Riverside's innkeepers Ken and Chris Lydecker bring years of experience in the hospitality business to creating a perfect getaway. Renew your spirit and rediscover life's sparkle as a guest of Riverside Inn. Riverside's breakfasts are not only delicious, they are also prepared with extraordinary attention to fine ingredients. Gourmet entrees, Inn-made breads, creative sides, and the signature 7-fruit smoothies are made-from-scratch, prepared with carefully selected nutritious and quality foods. Ken favors local eggs, seasonal locally-grown fruits and vegetables - organic when possible, honey chosen from nearby beekeepers, and fresh herbs and vegetables from the Inn's own kitchen garden. Nutrition and quality are paramount to Chef Ken's selection of ingredients, but never with any compromise to great taste. If you have any special dietary requirements or food allergies, please let us know when you make your reservations, so we can discuss options to accommodate your particular needs. Travelers' Reviews for Riverside Inn Bed and Breakfast on BedandBreakfast.com Reviews of Riverside Inn Bed and Breakfast in Intervale Riverside Inn Bed and Breakfast PO Box 68 372 Route16A (Resort Loop) Intervale, New Hampshire 03845 Toll Free: 866-949-0044 Phone: 603-356-0044 Fax: 603-356-0054 eMail the Innkeeper Visit our Mobile Website riverside-inn.mobi designed for iPhone, Android, & Blackberry "Riverside Inn Bed and Breakfast" Website Design by Lavoie Graphics lavoiegraphics.com . Copyright 2007-2019 Riverside Inn Bed and Breakfast. All images contained on this site are copyrighted and may not be used in any form without prior licensing. | Welcome to the Inn | Rooms & Suites | Rates & Info | Packages & Specials | Polar Express | | Breakfasts | Ken's Kitchen | Gluten-Free Diet | Reservations | Directions & Map | Gift Certificates | | Mt Washington Valley | North Conway Activities | White Mountain National Forest | Home | | Accessibility | Privacy Policy | Contact Us | Guest Comments | Facebook | YouTube | Media Info 