SAN A BEL Resort - North Myrtle Beach - Myrtle Beach - SC - South Carolina Start Header End Upper Header Home Book Online Specials Golf Things To Do Amenities Contact Us End Header Slider Book Apointment Call Today to Reserve: (888) 617-5717 End Book Apointment End SLider Container Latest Deals Live Your Vacation Dreams at Oceanfront San A Bel! Book Now! Oceanfront Vacation Rentals Stay Oceanfront in a nicely appointed two-bedroom, two-bath condominium, but where Myrtle Beach family attractions are only minutes away and with on-site amenities. Oceanfront Master Bedroom Oceanfront Balcony Splash in the Atlantic Ocean Book Now! Tastefully Decorated Units Conveniences are plentiful at San A Bel: from the dishwasher and washer/dryer unit to the televisions and DVD players. Take advantage of the wireless Internet access Two Bedroom, Two Bath Condos Washer & Dryer in all Condos High Speed Internet Access Book Now! Luxurious Amenities Kids will appreciate the indoor covered pool on those dreary days. Guests can sunbathe on the deck by the Jacuzzi or burn off some energy in the exercise room. Indoor Swimming Pool Outside Jacuzzi Exercise room on premises End Latest Deals San-a-Bel | North Myrtle Beach, SC The refreshing swimming pool, in turn, overlooks the beach through a glass wall and ceiling that allows natural sunlight to blanket the watery playground. How nice to enjoy your cardio workout while keeping on eye on the swimming pool and looking out to terrific ocean views. The oceanfront sundeck surrounds a relaxing whirlpool and elsewhere on the San A Bel vacation resort property is a grill area for use by vacationing guests. Live your Myrtle Beach vacation dreams at San A Bel where you are not only oceanfront in a nicely appointed two-bedroom, two-bath condominium, but where Myrtle Beach family attractions are only minutes away and on-site amenities put you within sight or sound of the ocean at all times. End Accordion Client Testimonials San A Bel Guest Reviews The outdoor jacuzzi and pool are crystal clear and well kept. This condo is as maintained as some of the newer more up scale condos/resorts. I loved it. Will be back. The tile floors are beautiful, Kitchen is well equipped, which is not always the case. Diane - Johnstown, PA This unit was so nice...everything worked...fully equiped kitchen..and very well decorated..I was very pleased...Thank you Elliott for accomodating us in this unit.. JoAnn Waterbury, CT We had wonderful stay at this property. It has a very nice large balcony because it is an end unit. It is only steps from the beach which we loved. But all in all it was prefect for our stay and we had a really nice time. Jessica Fort Smith, Arkansas End Client Testimonials End Row3 End Wrapper Footer Email Newsletter Signup to receive special Vacation Rental, offers from San A Bel Resort. Disclaimer Elliott Beach Rentals is not affiliated with onsite management or the HOA of this complex. Please contact onsite management and/or the HOA directly with any issues or questions regarding general grounds keeping issues, building questions, or homeowner association issues. Join The Conversation Elliott Beach Rentals P.O. Box 3200 401 Sea Mountain Highway North Myrtle Beach, SC 29582 888-669-7853 info@northmyrtlebeachtravel.com End Contact End inner Footer © 2019 Elliott Beach Rentals , All Rights Reserved Terms of Use and Service Back to Top 