Samoa Accommodation, Samoa Hotel| Savaii Lagoon Resort Book Now Connect with us Accommodation Superior Waters Edge Bungalow Beachfront Bungalows with a separate bedroom Studio - Beachfront Superior Beachfront Bungalow Superior Garden Bungalow (Seaview) Superior Garden Bungalow Facilities Sitemap Of Savaii Lagoon Activities Glass Bottom Boat Location Gallery About Samoa FAQ Contact Us Welcome to Savaii Lagoon Resort, Samoa Escape the winter on the beautiful island of Savaii. At Savaii Lagoon Resort you will find the much needed peace and relaxation for which you have been searching. Whether you fill your days snorkeling in the crystal clear waters, kayaking leisurely on the lagoon or exploring the island, you will be rejuvenated by the end of your stay. Your breath will be taken away by our stunningly beautiful beach, one of the most beautiful in Samoa. Once you have caught your breath, snorkel out to the coral gardens and experience snorkeling which is renowned for its abundance of coral and tropical marine life or simply laze on the beach under our beach umbrellas with a delicious cocktail delivered to you from our beach bar and restaurant. Savaii Lagoon resort is a small, intimate resort, resulting in a feeling that the beach belongs to the guests only. SPECIAL NOTE WE ARE SAD TO ANNOUNCE THAT WE ARE PLACING SAVAII LAGOON RESORT ON THE MARKET AS IT IS TIME TO MOVE ON.  IF YOU ARE INTERESTED IN PURCHASING, PLEASE SEND AN EMAIL FROM THE 'CONTACT US' PAGE ON THIS SITE.   In our restaurant, all produce is sourced locally as much as possible with the focus on serving fresh ingredients each day.   From its inception, the owners of Savaii Lagoon installed a filtration and ultra violet treatment plant to ensure that all water for guests is safe to drink directly from the tap. This water is made available to the local village also and as a result there is no longer as much sickness among the young and the elderly. Tripadvisor has awarded Savaii Lagoon Resort the number one spot in the whole of Savaii and number 6 in the whole of the South Pacific for Travellers' Choice 2013 for Best Service. Trip Advisor has awarded Savaii Lagoon Resort a Certificate of Excellence consistently for several years, culminating in the 2015 Hall of Fame Award for five years of excellence.. We do regret that currently we are unable to run our glass bottom boat and our fishing charters due to issues beyond our control.   Trip Advisor has awarded Savaii Lagoon Resort a Certificate of Excellence consistently for several years, culminating in the 2015 Hall of Fame Award for five years of excellence. Accommodation At Savaii Lagoon we offer both beachfront and garden bungalows. Read More Facilities Savaii's only beach bar and restaurant at Savaii Lagoon Resort is in a delightfully relaxing setting right there on our sandy beach. Read More Activities The warm waters of the Pacific Ocean that surround Samoa's islands offer a range of water sport activities, from reef surfing (for the real thrill seeker) to game fishing, diving, sea kayaking and snorkelling. Read More What our customers say I have just returned from Savaii Lagoon Resort and was lucky enough to be invited out on one of the trial runs on the new glass bottom boat. It was wonderful and a fantastic addition to the... Jun 05, 2012 Read More Reviews Our Video Trip Advisor Reviews Like us on Facebook end row end container © Copyright 2019. Savaii Lagoon Resort. Home Accommodation About Samoa Contact Us Sitemap Of Savaii Lagoon Tourism Websites by Tomahawk 