Sea Cliff Oceanfront Motel Hotel | Old Orchard Beach Maine #branding   Skip to content Home Virtual Tour Virtual Tour Mobile Version Amenities Email Our Digital Old Orchard Beach Postcards! Accommodation Types Ocean View Rooms Two Room Kitchenettes Jacuzzi Rooms Honeymoon Suite Penthouse Suite The Grand Suite Rates & Reservations Specials Ocean Park Nearby Attractions Old Orchard Beach Attractions Old Orchard Beach Attractions Virtual Video Old Orchard Beach Fireworks Video Contact Us Questions And Answers #access #header #header-full The Sea Cliff House is an Old Orchard Beach oceanfront motel, offering you a tranquil oceanfront vacation on one of the most beautiful 7 miles of beach you'll find anywhere in the world. We are directly on a quiet section of the beach. Walk out of your room directly onto the sand. We are in a quiet area of the beach, but close enough to walk down the beach or street to the Pier and amusements. Our lodgings offer a choice of immaculate, motel rooms, 2-room kitchenette apartment units and Jacuzzi Rooms. We have several rooms that feature oceanfront views and a few suites with full kitchens. Relax at our pool and outdoor hot tub, and walk directly onto the sand. The Seacliff House is relaxing and enjoyable, and we are open all year. We are open all year, and the Sea Cliff House is family owned and operated. We look forward to seeing you soon! From the Sea Cliff House you can enjoy a peaceful walk along a continuous stretch of sand in either direction. We’re near Ocean Park and just a ten minute walk along the beach or West Grand Avenue to the Pier, amusements, fine dining and shopping in the downtown area. Our lodgings offer a choice of immaculate, motel rooms, 2-room kitchenette/apartment units and Jacuzzi Rooms. We have several rooms that feature oceanfront views and a few suites with full kitchens. The Sea Cliff House is family owned and managed by the Pelletier Family. We are open all year, and we welcome you to Old Orchard Beach for a great vacation or getaway. Old Orchard Beach Attractions Find attractions restaurants and more, with the distance and directions from our front door. Read more column-image column Guest Rooms & Suites Choose from Kitchenettes, Ocean View Rooms and Luxurious Suites Read more column-image column Send Our Fun OOB Postcards! Share your Sea Cliff House and Old Orchard Beach memories, and make your friends and relatives insanely jealous. Read more column-image column #pp-afterslider #frontpage #forbottom #colophon Sea Cliff House Motel • 2 Sea Cliff Avenue • Old Orchard Beach, Maine 04064 • 207-934-4874 • Reservations: 1-800-326-4589 Home Virtual Tour Amenities Accommodation Types Rates & Reservations Specials Ocean Park Nearby Attractions Contact Us #site-info #footer2 #footer #main #wrapper 