Beachfront Motel by the ocean in Lincoln City OR New builder template Search Results The product element will be here End Includes Every Room Has An Oceanfront View Toll Free 1-800-422-0219 Located at 1511 NW Harbor Ave Lincoln City, OR 97367 CONTACT Toll Free: 1-800-422-0219 Local: 541-994-2948 Email:  stay@seagullmoteloregon.com Facebook:  https://www.facebook.com/seagullbeachfrontmotel Instagram:  https://www.instagram.com/seagullmoteloregon 4.0 star rating Rick A. Marysville, WA First of all the price is right. So if your looking for a deal this is the place. The sea gull motel is located over looking the beach and its nice to be able to see the ocean without being outside.  Sea Lions, Seals, Blue Heron, Seagulls and other birds provide plenty of wildlife to enjoy. Spend your day beachcombing, agate hunting, kite flying, whale watching and tide-pooling on the clean, beautiful beach.  Check Availability and Rates  Oceanfront view  Pet Friendly  Color TV and Showtime  Refrigerators  Microwaves  Many Room Styles/Decor To   Choose From  Walk/Drive Down Beach Access Oceanfront Views Set in an ideal location, the Seagull Beachfront Motel is  is situated on the picturesque coastline of Oregon, located in beautiful Lincoln City, right on the beach! All of our rooms include Oceanfront Views, Refrigerators, Microwaves, Color TV and Showtime. Enjoy the wonderful view of the ocean and fantastic sunsets. We feature a Lighted Surf! 4.0 star rating Rick A. Marysville, WA First of all the price is right. So if your looking for a deal this is the place. The Seagull Motel is located over looking the beach and its nice to be able to see the ocean without being outside. Home About us Rooms Contact us Rates and Specials If you were any closer to the beach , your blankets would get wet! Seagull Beachfront Motel Relax, Enjoy,  Stay as long as you like! Overlooking the beautiful Oregon Coast! Easy access to the beach; Walk or drive down! All rooms are oceanview. Deck is open to all customers. WSP_SC /WSP_SC 