Welcome to Sea Point Ocean Apartments, Caloundra, Sunshine Coast, Queensland. ZOOMSTOP ZOOMRESTART Search Seapoint now... ZOOMSTOP ZOOMRESTART Clock Part 1 - Holder for Display of Clock   Clock Part 1 - Ends Here Clock Part 2 - Put Anywhere AFTER Part 1 Clock Part 2 - Ends Here   Caloundra, Queensland AUSTRALIA Experience the allure of the Australian seaside holiday lifestyle at Sea Point Ocean Apartments, perched on the scenic Headland of Shelly Beach, Caloundra on Queensland's Sunshine Coast. Dream the world away from your own private balcony, with panoramic ocean views extending as far as the eye can see—from Moreton Bay & Bribie Island to the far northern beaches of the Sunshine Coast. Our Sea Point Apartments are popular with all age groups, singles, couples, families, friends, honeymooners & retirees. When you stay at Sea Point Ocean Apartments in Kings Beach, Caloundra, you’re in for a pleasant surprise. We’ve heard it called ‘Caloundra’s Best Kept Secret’ & when you add up all the benefits, it’s no wonder our returning guests would like to keep this favourite little gem to themselves! As far as spacious, great value, fully self-contained, self-catering apartment accommodation goes, set in lush tropical gardens with every apartment having its own panoramic ocean view, Sea Point, Caloundra is in a class of its own. If location is everything, then Sea Point Ocean Apartments just about has it all. While you are here, you have the choice to do very little, or do a whole lot, but whatever you choose to do, nothing is ever very far away from Sea Point Apartments, Kings Beach. It’s good to know that affordable oceanfront accommodation in a prime location is still available to enjoy a relaxing break; Sea Point is a great base to explore the entire Sunshine Coast. We’re sure to have the perfect holiday apartment for you. When you stay at Sea Point Ocean Apartments, Kings Beach, Caloundra, you REALLY know you’re on holidays. We look forward to seeing you soon. Today's Weather Weatherzone current weather button end Weatherzone current weather button Forecast for tomorrow Weatherzone forecast button end Weatherzone forecast button CLICK FOR 4-DAY FORECAST >> ZOOMSTOP Welcome to Sea Point Ocean Apartments, Ph: +617 5491 2433, 32 Victoria Tce, Kings Beach, Caloundra, Queensland, AUSTRALIA 4551 Welcome | Our Apartments | Location | Rates & Specials | Check Availability | Book Online | About Caloundra | Attractions | 4-Day Weather Forecast | Privacy Policy | Contact Us | © Copyright Global Village Promotions 2000—2009 All rights reserved. ZOOMRESTART Analytics Code Start Analytics Code End 