Sea Star Bahamas Beachfront 3 Bedroom Sleeps 4 (702) 373-4919 Georgetown Great Exuma Bahama Islands Vacation Home Private 3 Bedroom Beachfront Vacation Rental Georgetown Great Exuma Sleeps 4 (702) 373-4919 Sea Star Bahamas Sea Star Bahamas home rental specials box starts Last Minute Openings Best Rates for Multiple Week Stays! Contact Us 4 Exact Dates Sea Star Bahamas vacation home rental specials box stops Click here to ~ Contact Us  ~  Photo Gallery  ~  Bahamas Vacation Home Georgetown Great Exuma 3 Bedroom 2 Bath Sleeps 4 (702) 373-4919 On Powder White-Sand Beach Villa For Rent By Private Owner IDEAL FOR FAMILIES! Beachfront Vacation Home Powder White Sand Translucent Water New Home By Owner minimums stay requirements apply $1350 to $1500 Weekly Best Rates for Multiple Week Stays! Contact Us 4 Exact Dates... Until confirmed all rates are subject to change w/o notice. **please contact us 4 monthly snowbird rates Large private vacation home with modest private owner rates! The Entire Front Is Glass! Open style, beachfront Bahama House for rent by private owner Georgetown on Great Exuma in the Bahama Islands. With breathtaking ocean view from every vantage this new huge Bahamas vacation home is open to the trade winds and the serene Caribbean Sea. The self catering Exuma style private rental includes by-room zone cooling air-conditioning, a large greatroom with a full kitchen, livingroom and enormous beachfront deck which tiles down to the powder, soft sand beach and translucent-blue Caribbean Sea. > Located along the main highway only a little more than 2 miles from Georgetown, Sea Star Bahamas is a wonderful place for families vacationing in Exuma. Outstanding sunsets and spectacular views! Sea Star Bahamas Georgetown Great Exuma, Bahamas By Owner Directly 3 bedroom, 2 bath email... Sea Star Bahamas phone... 702.373.4919 'click here' to see a full sized ... Map of Exuma Bahama Islands Contact Form First & Last Name Email Address Daytime Phone Evening Phone City, State and Country Number of Guests Your Arrival Date & Expected Length of Stay Second Choice of Arrival Dates Comments, Questions and FAST Answers about Availability... Translate this page to Spanish Portuguese French German Italian Click here to see ~ Contact Us  ~  Photo Gallery  ~  Links Remember to 'send off' the contact form above, before you click away on these fun and informational links below.... The Exuma Cays Land & Sea Park established in 1959 as the first national park in the Bahamas. The Bahamas National Trust is also recognized as one of the first land and sea national parks under a single jurisdiction and establishment of such reserves is promoted worldwide as the best way to sustain fisheries resources. Links of Interest: Geographia Bahamas Bahamas Birding Exumian History & Culture Exuma & The Out Islands Exuma Wikipedia Great Exuma, Bahamas Click here to see more... Lodging4Vacations' Bahama Island Villas & Vacation Rental Homes By Owner Click here to see more... Lodging4Vacations' Caribbean Vacation Rentals Private Homes and Condos For Rent By Owner design by joytracy.com vacation rental advertising copyright 2004-2019 