Seattle Southside Visitor Information - Washington State Vacation topBody content About Partners Media Travel Trade Sports Planners Event Planners Share x Menu Stay Bed and Breakfast Extended Stay & Rentals Hotel/Motel/Inn RVs and Campgrounds Explore Regional Overview City of Tukwila City of SeaTac City of Des Moines Maps Getting To & Around Air Airports Land Driving Directions Airport Parking Car Rentals Shuttle, Towncars and Limos Taxi Services Bus Routes Free Mall Shuttle Rail Amtrak Link Light Rail Sounder Sea Cruise Terminals Ferry & Transport Services Accessibility Cruise Travelers Hotel Cruise Packages Transportation Information Port Valet Visitor Center Itineraries Foodie Fanatic Trek Around the Northwest Family Fun Discover the Great Outdoors Sports Lover Football Weekend Getaway 'Tis the Season: Holidays in Seattle Southside Autumn Adventure Thrills & Chills Retail and Relaxation The Ultimate Kids' Vacation A Garden Lover's Dream Trip Builder FAQ Seattle Southside TV Request a Travel Planner Travel Blog Travel Newsletter Community Resources Play Events Annual Events Spectator Sports Submit an Event Attractions Sightseeing Tours Scenic Drives Day Trips Nature & Adventure Family Fun Entertainment Shopping & Wellness Spring Break Autumn Adventures Winter Holiday Eat Dining Guide Cuisine Types African American Chinese Indian Italian Japanese Mexican Seafood Taiwanese Thai Vietnamese Wineries Breweries Deals Discounts Hotel Packages Park, Stay and Fly Pre or Post Cruise x My Seattle Southside Trip x You have the following items saved to your itinerary. Click on an item for more information or click the orange ‘ X ’ to remove. Your Trip Planner is Empty View Planner Explore Seattle Southside Perfectly situated between urban attractions and natural wonders (not to mention near Seattle-Tacoma International Airport) Seattle Southside is a convenient, affordable and fun place to visit. Sports, shopping, hanging out at the beach—whatever you’re into, you can find it all in Seattle’s Backyard. Start Exploring Play Sit in the cockpit of Air Force One, take in a round of golf, hit up the largest shopping center in the Pacific Northwest—there’s always something fun to do in Seattle’s Backyard. See more activities Eat From fresh seafood to exotic bites, from casual to formal—whatever you’re craving, you’ll find it in Seattle’s Backyard. See more restaurants Stay Looking for the perfect place to stay? Find it in Seattle Southside. There are over 50 value-priced hotels and plenty of package deals. See more hotels Explore Sandy beaches, majestic mountains, quaint countryside, urban adventuring—Seattle Southside offers a diverse range of sights to see and things to do. See more to explore TUKWILA: Retail & Entertainment Community Checks for foreign characters since substring on word didn't work with substringOnWord From retail therapy to adventure and entertainment, there are plenty of activities to keep you busy. With five million sq. ft. of shopping, indoor skydiving and the largest air and space museum, you’re sure to stay busy here! More about the TUKWILA: Retail & Entertainment Community SEATAC: Hospitality Community Checks for foreign characters since substring on word didn't work with substringOnWord If you land at Sea-Tac International Airport, you’re in the heart of the hospitality community. This area contains the majority of the hotels in Seattle Southside, as well the largest availability of rental cars in the state. More about the SEATAC: Hospitality Community DES MOINES: Marina & Beach Community Checks for foreign characters since substring on word didn't work with substringOnWord The boating capital of the Pacific Northwest offers six miles of shoreline, public beaches, waterfront parks, fishing piers and top-notch restaurants—all within close proximity to downtown Seattle. More about the DES MOINES: Marina & Beach Community Promoted Stay Bed and Breakfast Extended Stay & Rentals Hotel/Motel/Inn RVs and Campgrounds Explore Regional Overview Maps Getting To & Around Cruise Travelers Visitor Center Itineraries Trip Builder FAQ Seattle Southside TV Request a Travel Planner Travel Blog Travel Newsletter Community Resources Play Events Attractions Sightseeing Nature & Adventure Family Fun Entertainment Shopping & Wellness Spring Break Autumn Adventures Winter Holiday Eat Dining Guide Cuisine Types Wineries Breweries Deals Discounts Hotel Packages Park, Stay and Fly Pre or Post Cruise About Who We Are What We Do Partners Benefits Join Us Advertise Resources Media Media Resources Media Alerts Media Tours Annual Reports Press Releases In the News Research Travel Trade Tour Suggestions Download Guide Sports Planners Premier Venues Download Guide Event Planners Venues Welcome Services Attendance Marketing Tools Testimonials Planner Tips Download Guide Privacy Policy Terms of Use Sitemap Contact Us © 2019 Seattle Southside Regional Tourism Authority 3100 S. 176th Street, Seattle, WA 98188 206.575.2489 x footer css bundles footer js bundles bottomBody 