Glenelg Accommodation | Hotels Glenelg Adelaide | Holiday Apartments <span class="nav-handle">Navigation</span> Stay 1 Bedroom 2 Bedrooms 3 Bedrooms 4 Bedrooms Groups Gallery Media Our Story About Us Reviews Explore FAQs Contact Book Now Welcome to Seawall Apartments! Situated right on the absolute beachfront in stunning Glenelg, Seawall Apartments invites you to Adelaide’s favourite metropolitan beachside destination! As well as having beautiful Glenelg Beach on your doorstep, the vibrant local hub of Jetty Road restaurant, entertainment and shopping precinct is just a five-minute walk away from the Hotel. Adelaide City is also an easy drive, or an iconic tram ride away. Or get set to take flight, with Adelaide Airport just a 10-15-minute drive away.  As an award-winning hotel, Seawall has received recognition and accolades from Booking.com, Hotels Combined and TripAdvisor. It has become well known for providing unique and stylish beachfront accommodation in Glenelg. The hotel is spotlessly clean, delightfully spacious, and run by a friendly and caring team of people, ready to help you unwind in style and take in the beauty of the seaside location.   Seawall offers you a blissfully peaceful location; the perfect place to relax and watch the sun set over the ocean. No roads, no traffic. Nothing but a pathway and luscious lawn between you and golden Glenelg beach.  A special place to unwind, watch the sunset and make lasting memories with the ones you love. As a well-known icon of Glenelg, our accommodation represents one of the best holiday locations in Adelaide. Our hotel apartments are all unique, with no two apartments the same. So, whether you're looking at accommodation for a seaside family holiday, a romantic getaway, a group reunion, or even a business stay like no other, Seawall Apartments has something special for you. Arguably the best hotel in Glenelg, all of Seawall apartments are located in historic buildings that have fresh and modern interiors and tastefully decorated. We look forward to welcoming you. Stay Gallery Explore Follow the  STAY  link below, to view all of our unique serviced apartments and to find the right one for you. Click on our  GALLERY  to get a feel for what your holiday could be like staying at Seawalls’ Holiday Apartments. Head to our  EXPLORE  page to see some of the exciting sights, activities and recommendations in and around Glenelg, Adelaide, and South Australia. See our BLOG page link (below in the footer) to discover more noteworthy items for our holiday accommodation in Glenelg. Stay with us <div class="home__features-group"> </div> Stay Gallery Media Our Story Explore Blog FAQs Contact Book Now Copyright 2019 Seawall Apartments. All rights reserved.  |   Terms & Conditions 