 Verde Adventures | Wine Tasting Tours, Rentals, Kayaking in Sedona, AZ Skip to primary navigation Skip to content Skip to footer LAST MINUTE 20% OFF TOMORROWS ADVENTURES - Code: LM19 Home River Trips Classic Water to Wine Inflatable Kayak Adventure – Self Guided Sporty and Sweet River Trip Verde River 1/2 Day Adventure Classic Water to Wine Tubing Tubing Madness at Cottonwood Last Call River Tubing River Retail More Activities Rentals – Inflatable Kayaks Verde Valley Archaeology Tour Shuttle – Verde River Clear Creek More FAQ & Policies About Us Buy Gift Card Join Our Team Contact More Menu Verde Adventures River Tours by Sedona Adventure Tours Wine Tours, Kayaking, & Verde River Trips in Sedona, AZ View All Adventures Pause Play Video Unmute Mute Check Out Our Adventures Wine Tours Learn more » River Trips Learn more » More Activities Learn more » Season Passes Learn more » Best Seller! Classic Water to Wine Combine the fun of a float trip down the Verde River with a wine tasting at the Alcantara Vineyards to get the best of two worlds! Learn More From $104.25 Clock Varies - check calendar Hour Glass 2.5 Hours Users 2+ guests Welcome to Verde Adventures by Sedona Adventure Tours! We work hard to provide you with an unforgettable experience on the magical high desert oasis of the Verde River through rafting, inflatable kayaking, wine tastings, scenic tours, tubing, and shuttles. On our river trips, you glide past towering cottonwood and willow trees, float through inviting canyons, and listen to the nature song that only a river in the desert can create. Verde Adventures has something for everyone. Our tours are great for group activities, team building, family adventures, and more. Read About Us People Love Adventuring with Us! Relaxing And Enjoyable Experience Husband and I went on the sporty and sweet river trip. The stretch of the Verde river we rowed across was calm and pretty shallow. Our guide Christina provided us with interesting facts on the wildlife, history, and geography of the area with great energy and humor. I would recommend this trip for anyone looking for a peaceful and relaxing experience. – lilhatchet (TripAdvisor) Nature And Wine- What Could Be Better? 2 girlfriends and I wanted to do something different to celebrate turning 40. The water to wine tour was perfect. The weather was perfect, the scenery beautiful. The tour was well organized and our tour guides were great. I liked that they gave us info about the flora and fauna of the area. The tour ends at Alcantara vineyard and it was nice to relax afterward with wine and snacks in a gorgeous setting. – AirheadAdventures (TripAdvisor) Great Girls Trip This was an absolute blast! Don't expect strong rapids, just a nice relaxing float, more or less, with a few small ripples. It was just enough for our very inexperienced girls trip! The winery was fantastic. It was elbow to elbow, as it had just started raining, and everyone packed inside. However, the staff was fantastic, friendly, and fast! The wines were great. Definitely would do this again. – Kelly N. (TripAdvisor) Great Time We had a group of 8 and we needed a specific date. Online, nothing was available for us on that date. I called the office and she immediately said: "well we will open up a new time for you." No extra fee for what ended up as being a private trip for our little group. We have traveled with Verde Adventures before and they have always given us our money's worth. I would definitely recommend them. And at the end of the Kayak trip you end a the winery. What could be better? – Peggy D. (TripAdvisor) Verde Adventures Phone (877) 673­-3661 Envelope [email protected] Map Marker Mail Only: P.O Box 2337 Cottonwood, AZ 86326 Facebook Instagram Pinterest TripAdvisor Twitter Yelp YouTube Site Map Home Tours & Adventures FAQ & Policies Contact Gift Buy Gift Card Privacy Policy • Powered by FareHarbor Sites. Visit fareharbor.com to learn more. Powered by FareHarbor 