Istanbul Private Tour Guide - Guided Walking Tours by Locals HOME ABOUT BLOG INSTAGRAM CONTACT Beni Oku Private Tour Guide in Istanbul HOME ABOUT BLOG INSTAGRAM CONTACT Beni Oku "Great guided day in Istanbul" Sally C (UK) - from TripAdvisor “An excellent day filled with in depth information and conversation” Pamela M (USA) - from TripAdvisor “Fantastic day giving us such an insight into this amazing city” Robyn2712 (Australia) - from TripAdvisor ABOUT Istanbul Private Tour Guide Hello, Explorer of Istanbul! My name is Serhat Engul and I have been working as a private tour guide in Istanbul for over ten years. Istanbul’s Unique History: The Capital of Three Great Empires Istanbul is a city with a history of 2650 years, carrying the heritage of Greeks , Romans , Byzantines and Ottomans and having served as the capital for these civilizations. Throughout the history, it has been an important trade harbor and gateway of Silk Road to Europe. Istanbul is also a city founded over two continents and millions of Istanbul citizens travel to the other continent every day while going to work. Acting as a bridge between Asia and Europe, the city embodies a unique hybrid culture . As a person who regards being born and living in this city as a blessing, I am striving for becoming an expert of the city’s history and culture and it is lucky for me that my job is analogous with my goal. You can join my private walking tours to find hidden flavor stops, enjoy panoramic views and discover the local life in Istanbul. Top Tourist Attractions to Visit in Istanbul Centers of attraction in the city are Sultanahmet area where Hagia Sophia , Blue Mosque , Topkapi Palace and Grand Bazaar are located and Beyoglu area where Dolmabahce Palace , Istiklal Avenue and Galata Tower are located. Discover Hidden Gems & Off The Beaten Track In addition to these famous spots, there are many secret jewels of the city. Especially Fener-Balat , Karakoy-Galata and Ortakoy-Bebek neighborhoods are rising stars of Istanbul. These are the best areas to study the Byzantine and Ottoman history of the city. You can join Istanbul private guided tours to discover those places. Please kindly check the availability and cost through my contact page. So that you can create a tailor made itinerary with your personal tour guide in Istanbul. Private Guided Tours of Istanbul Private Tour Guide in Istanbul, Turkey. MY TOURS Best Private Walking Tours in Istanbul Private Half Day Tour of Istanbul Old City Duration: 3-4 hours 1) Hippodrome of Constantinople 2) Hagia Sophia 3) Basilica Cistern 4) Blue Mosque 5) Spice Bazaar You can check the cost and details of Half Day Tour from here Private Full Day Tour of Istanbul Old City Duration: 7-8 hours 1) Hippodrome of Constantinople 2) Hagia Sophia 3) Topkapi Palace + Harem Rooms 4) Basilica Cistern 5) Blue Mosque 6) Grand Bazaar You can check the cost and details of Full Day Tour from here Walking Tour of Fener Balat Neighborhoods Duration: 4-5 hours History of non-Muslim neighborhoods in Ottoman Istanbul You may check the itinerary from Fener Balat Walking Tour website. The History of Byzantium Tour Half-day (4 hours) and Full-day (8 hours) Private walking tour of Byzantine sites in Istanbul Please check the list of monuments from Constantinople Tour of Istanbul website. Istanbul Culinary Walking Tour Duration: 6 Hours Walking and eating in the most popular neighborhoods of Istanbul: Taksim Square, Istiklal Avenue, Galata, Karakoy, Eminonu, Sirkeci and Kadikoy (Asian Side) Experience the history & food together! More information on Istanbul Street Food Tour website. Istanbul Private Guided Tours by Locals Recommended on TripAdvisor Serhat Engul on TripAdvisor Powered By BarefootPlus Travel Cankurtaran Mh., Seyit Hasan Sk. No:11, 34122 Fatih/İstanbul Turkey BLOG Read More Blog Posts All Rights Reserved © 2019 Serhat Engül 