Conrad Singapore Skip to Secondary Navigation Skip to Content Return to mobile experience My Reservations My Reservations View Promotions Sign In Join       /   My Account Sign Out Show Sign In Form   Login Error View   End Login Error View Res Panel View View/change a specific reservation: Your Confirmation # Last Name Find   Find new for 21743 - OR - Sign in to view all reservations in your account end 21743 Existing Travel Reservations: Car Rental Details new for CR 21743 Close End Login fast res View Begin Account View Your Next Stay: See all     Digital Key Offered View/Edit new for CR 21743 Go To My Account Page Update your password regularly to keep your account safe. new for CR 22429 Your Last Stay: See all     View Receipt Book Again join container start Join Hilton Honors™ Upgrade your account and earn points at over 3,600 hotels in 82 countries around the world. Join Hilton Honors   end join container suppress tier progress bar start end suppress tier progress bar Member status start Elite Status Progress    CR 21743  |     CR 21743  |                                                  prj lifetime diamond Status: Lifetime Diamond With Lifetime Diamond, there is no expiration and no re-qualifying for your status - ever again! Member status end new for CR 21743 Close End Account View CH Skip brand navigation More From Conrad Home Destinations RESORTS Offers Explore Conrad Conrad Magazine Amenities Spa & Fitness Authentic Experiences RESIDENCES Press Center MEETINGS & EVENTS Meetings Social Events Weddings Honeymoons Make a Reservation ls:begin[BookingWidget] Search toggler Conrad Locations - Tab 1 of 2 glb_selected | All Hotel Locations - Tab 2 of 2 Select A Conrad Location Please select... Conrad Washington, DC Conrad Fort Lauderdale Beach Conrad Miami Conrad Chicago Conrad Indianapolis Conrad New York Downtown The London NYC Conrad Beijing Conrad Dalian Conrad Guangzhou Conrad Hangzhou Conrad Hangzhou Tonglu Conrad Hong Kong Conrad Macao, Cotai Central Conrad Sanya Haitang Bay Conrad Shenyang Conrad Tianjin Conrad Xiamen Conrad Cartagena Conrad Cairo Conrad Bora Bora Nui Conrad Bengaluru Conrad Pune Conrad Bali Conrad Dublin Conrad Osaka Conrad Tokyo Conrad Maldives Rangali Island Conrad Punta de Mita Conrad San Luis Potosi Conrad Manila Conrad Algarve Conrad Makkah Conrad Centennial Singapore Conrad Seoul Conrad Bangkok Conrad Bangkok Residences Conrad Koh Samui Conrad Koh Samui Residences Conrad Istanbul Bosphorus Conrad Dubai Conrad London St. James Where are you going? City, Airport, Address, Attraction, Hotel No search results found. results were found. Press up and down key to select. Arrival You're on a datepicker field. The down arrow will move you into the calendar table, where you can use the arrow keys to select the date, and use enter to make your selection. Press escape to leave the datepicker. If you want to enter the date manually, the preferred format is: Day (in two digits) - Month (in three-letter abbreviation) - Year (in four digits). Be sure your arrival date is within the next year.   Departure You're on a datepicker field. The down arrow will move you into the calendar table, where you can use the arrow keys to select the date, and use enter to make your selection. Press escape to leave the datepicker. If you want to enter the date manually, the preferred format is: Day (in two digits) - Month (in three-letter abbreviation) - Year (in four digits). Be sure your departure date is within four months of your arrival.   end dates Find it Book   Find it Rooms Adults (18+) Children Rooms 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26+ Adults in Room 1 1 2 3 4 Children in Room 1 0 1 2 3 4 Room 2 : Adults in Room 2 1 2 3 4 Children in Room 2 0 1 2 3 4 Room 3 : Adults in Room 3 1 2 3 4 Children in Room 3 0 1 2 3 4 Room 4 : Adults in Room 4 1 2 3 4 Children in Room 4 0 1 2 3 4 Room 5 : Adults in Room 5 1 2 3 4 Children in Room 5 0 1 2 3 4 Room 6 : Adults in Room 6 1 2 3 4 Children in Room 6 0 1 2 3 4 Room 7 : Adults in Room 7 1 2 3 4 Children in Room 7 0 1 2 3 4 Room 8 : Adults in Room 8 1 2 3 4 Children in Room 8 0 1 2 3 4 Room 9 : Adults in Room 9 1 2 3 4 Children in Room 9 0 1 2 3 4 Use flexible dates add rate codes Add special rate codes Close reservation form Promotion/Offer Code: Group Code: Corporate Account: Use Points #endif Travel Agent AAA Rate * AARP Rate * Senior Rate * Government / Military Rates * * ID required at check-in Close ls:end[BookingWidget]   menu_item_property_home Print Share Conrad Centennial Singapore Feel the pulse of Marina Bay at the award-winning Conrad Centennial Singapore hotel. Never have a dull moment with easy access to the area's top destinations and on-site amenities including four unique restaurants and lounges, a 65-foot/20-meter pool and luxurious spa facilities.  Light up your stay this July and August enjoy stunning firework displays as we anticipate the upcoming national day Celebrations. The floor-to-ceiling windows in our selected Premium and Executive rooms will provide you with partial views to the Marina were you can catch a glimpse of the breathtaking firework display. You will also enjoy views of the Padang- the venue for 2019's main parade. • Walking distance to the Padang and Float@Marina Bay • 4 award winning restaurants and lounge • Unprecedented access to two lounges for guests staying in the Executive rooms and Suites Our hotel received the TripAdvisor Certificate of Excellence in 2019 Skip property navigation Hotel Home Accommodations 3D Floor Plans Exclusive Offers Services and Amenities Spa & Fitness Executive Lounge Activities Restaurants & Lounges Golden Peony Oscar's Lobby Lounge The Terrace Meetings and Events 3D Floor Plans Event Space Capacity Chart Meetings and Conferences Social Events Event Spaces Request Proposal Weddings Hotel Information At A Glance Map and Directions Policies Destination Guide Local Attractions Gallery Languages: العربية Deutsch Bahasa Indonesia 日本語 한국어 ไทย 简体中文 繁體中文 Submit Two Temasek Boulevard , Singapore , 038982 , Singapore TEL: +65-6334-8888 FAX: +65-6333-9166 Email us Visit us on: SINCICI Skip to top of page Waldorf The luxury brand offering a unique service experience and the world’s landmark hotels. LXR Hotels & Resorts A luxury collection of distinctive hotels and resorts offering singular service and remarkable local experiences. Conrad A world of style, service and connection for today’s sophisticated traveler. Canopy Canopy is the fresh, neighborhood hotel that delivers a positive stay. Signia Premier Meetings & Events hotels in highly sought-after urban and resort destinations. Hilton The global leader in hospitality with more than 550 hotels & resorts across six continents. Curio Collection A collection of unique hotels appealing to travelers seeking local discovery. Double Tree Warm. Comfortable. Smart. The hotel that turns travel into a human experience again. Tapestry Collection by Hilton A collection of hotels that gives you the peace of mind to travel independently. Embassy Suites Enjoy a complimentary cooked-to-order breakfast and more at our upscale all-suite hotels. Motto by Hilton A micro-hotel with an urban vibe in prime global locations. Hilton Garden Inn Treat yourself with amenities that help you work smarter, eat well, sleep deeply and stay fit. Hampton Inn Count on Hampton to deliver quality, value, consistency and service with a smile. Tru by Hilton A revolutionary new brand that is simplified, spirited and grounded in value for guests with a zest for life and a desire for human connection. Homewood Suites Whether you’re traveling for a few nights or a few months, you can Make Yourself at Home®. Home2 Suites Introducing Home2 Suites by Hilton® – an all-suite brand of extended stay hotels. Hilton Grand Vacations Enjoy all of the benefits of owning your own vacation home – with none of the hassles. Hilton Honors Worldwide Make your travel experience better with Hilton Honors and enjoy instant benefits at every hotel. Global Sites: العربية 简体中文 繁體中文 Nederlands 한국어 Suomi 日本語 Português Türkçe Français Deutsch Italiano Pусский Español Svenska ไทย Hilton About Conrad Hotels and Resorts Locations Site Map Residences Receive Our Newsletter Facebook Twitter Pinterest Careers Development Future Openings Press Center Travel Professionals RoomKey.com Web Accessibility Customer Support 1-800-CONRADS International (+800-446-6677) Hilton Honors Discount Terms & Conditions Global Privacy Statement Cookies Statement Site Usage Agreement ©2019 Hilton this link opens in a new tab DTM footer Script 