Mountain Majesty Home Amenities Gallery Reservations Testimonials Blog FACEBOOK Mountain Majesty Just another WordPress site Six miles from Sisters, 11 miles from Bend, 7 acres of majestic panaranic views                      BOOK YOUR STAY TODAY! Connections        Reserve Your Stay Phone:   602-510-3064 Email: Mtmajestyrental@aol.com Experience Central Oregon! Experience Central Oregon in this Mountain Majesty Retreat located right outside of Sisters.  This 2800 sq. ft. home is located 6 miles from Sisters and 11 from Bend on seven acres with panoramic views of the seven different mountains including Three Sisters , Black Butte, Ochocos and Broken Top.  Step outside and enjoy beautifully landscaped yards with abundant floral displays, gorgeous gardens, read under the quiet 100 year old Juniper tree or sit by the pond in a nearby gazebo and watch wildlife roam. Sunsets are unforgettable! Central Oregon rates this area #1 in year around activities, featuring Professional Golf Courses, Antique Shops and Excellent Dining.  Just 9 miles Southeast of Sisters you can enjoy World Class Restaurants, the Mt. Bachelor Ski area, and Shopping in Bend. If staying close to home is what you prefer enjoy badmitten, croquette, horseshoes, basketball, or bicycle riding on a private paved lane.   This Mountain Retreat is sure to capture unforgettable memories and provide a relaxing environment that will be sure to bring you back year after year. Join our many clients who return for reunions, retreats, celebrations, and solitude. Testimonials “ Your home is beautiful… We had a great time, couldn’t have asked for anything better. We walked into the house and just fell in love with it. Again, thank you for the use of your beautiful home.” - Hanifin Family “Wanted to compliment you on your lovely home. We just couldn’t believe the view from your front windows. WOW!” - Kris More Copyright © 2013. All rights reserved Powered by WordPress and WordPress Theme created with Artisteer. 49 queries. 2.551 seconds. 