Ecuador whitewater kayaking trips, all inclusive week, largest fleet of kayaks, most experienced tour guides. Small World Adventures Top Blog Newsletter FAQ Forms Kayaks Sitemap /#top #header-container Navigation Small World Adventures Kayaking Ecuador since 1993. /#header-container #nav-container Home Main About SWA Team Kayaking Trips Lodging Schedule Sign Up! Rivers Guidebook Kayak Ecuador Contact /#side-nav /.menus Return to Content /#nav-container #content Starts /.wooslider-slider-business #main Starts Kayak Ecuador with the most experienced team in Ecuador! If you want to come to South America and have the best week of kayaking of your life, look no further. Small World Adventures wrote the book on kayaking in Ecuador (literally)! Why paddle with Small World Adventures? We have the most experienced guides in Ecuador , hands down Deluxe food, lodging and transportation Over 50 modern kayaks to choose from 7 days of kayaking in Ecuador’s Amazon Basin with only 1 week off from work Class II through V November to March We wrote the Kayaker’s Guide to Ecuador SWA is a proud member of 1% for the Planet SWA makes regular donations to the Ecuadorian Rivers Institute and our guides and owners are ERI volunteers. When you book with SWA, you’ll be supporting the ERI SWA hires local guides, cooks, drivers, and hotel staff to ensure we do our part to contribute to the local economy Our Passion: Kayaking What draws us to the river is a combination of our love of the sport of kayaking, the enjoyment we get out of visiting new places, and the privilege we find in getting access to remote river canyons that only a handful of human beings will ever be fortunate enough to see. For us, kayaking is a sport that gives our lives meaning, fills us with happiness, and reminds us to slow down and enjoy the simple things in life. Our Mission: To share our passion with as many of you as possible Small World Adventures is made up of a group of people dedicated to the outdoors, to river conservation, and to spreading the love of kayaking. Our lives are enriched by our time on the river, and we hope to spread these feelings to as many people as possible. We feel our best while on the water, and we want to help you to achieve your best as well. Our vision: Protect our natural places for future generations by spreading a passion for, and knowledge of, these places Through our commitment to 1% for the planet, The Ecuadorian Rivers Institute, and American Whitewater we support and encourage the protection of our world’s most wild places. Our hope is that people will be able to enjoy them for generations to come, and we feel it’s our job to protect them and promote awareness and compassion for these places. Kayak Ecuador with Small World Adventures from Small World Adventures on Vimeo .   Are you a serious paddler looking for a seriously awesome kayaking vacation ?  We get that, and that’s why we work so hard to make sure that you get the most out of your week of kayaking in Ecuador.  SWA owners and guides spend four to five months each winter paddling the tropical rivers of Ecuador, enjoying the warm weather, beautiful rainforest scenery and boofs galore. After so many years of paddling Ecuador’s rivers, we know each run at each water level ridiculously well, which means we’ll get you seven days of the best whitewater that Ecuador has to offer.  After all, we wrote The Kayaker’s Guide to Ecuador, so you know you’ll be in good hands.  Come join us! We guarantee that we’ll send you home tired and happy after seven days of paddling Ecuador’s classic big volume Amazonian tributaries, and the steep, technical creeks.  So what’s stopping you?  Come kayak Ecuador! As of 2016, Don and Darcy are back as owner-operators of Small World Adventures. SWA has been guiding whitewater kayaking trips in Ecuador since 1993 and we are honored to carry on the tradition that we started with whitewater kayaking pioneer Larry Vermeeren. Come let us show you the amazing rivers of Ecuador. If you come in November, you can also paddle with Larry–SWA founder, guide, badass and ambassador-at-large.   SWA is a proud member of 1% for the Planet .  As a business, we know our actions impact the world, and we are doing our best to make sure we leave a positive legacy. /.entry /.post /#main /#main-sidebar-container /#content #footer-widgets-container Newsletter Name First Last Email Email This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. /#footer-widgets /#footer_widgets_container_end #footer_container_start © 2019 Small World Adventures. All Rights Reserved. Powered by WordPress . Designed by /#footer_container_end /#inner-wrapper /#wrapper /.fix Global site tag (gtag.js) - Google Analytics 