Smith Heights Cottages Welcome Cottages <a>Cottages</a> Gooch Cottage McKechnie Cottage Williams Cottage About <a>About</a> Policies FAQ History Kind Words Directions Local Attractions Photo Gallery Contact Menu Smith Heights Cottages Welcome Cottages Gooch Cottage McKechnie Cottage Williams Cottage About Policies FAQ History Kind Words Directions Local Attractions Photo Gallery Contact × View of Town Cove and the ocean in the distance from Smith Heights Cottages Welcome to Smith Heights Cottages Smith Heights Cottages offers five acres of seclusion and ambiance reminiscent of bygone days of Cape Cod. Our waterfront cottages are located on Eastham's Town Cove and have been family run and operated for five generations. The cottages were built in the early 1900s at the highest point on Town Cove, and we have preserved their historic charm.  Their classic turn-of-the-century architecture includes a screened-in porch that overlooks Town Cove, and the Atlantic Ocean is visible in the distance. Each cottage's porch invites reading, watching the boats and kayaks, or taking a summer nap. Many of our guests bring their binoculars, bikes, kayaks and canoes so that they can enjoy all that the Cape has to offer. Some of our families who stay with us have been coming to Smith Heights for over 45 years to enjoy our beautiful views of Town Cove, Nauset Marsh, and the Atlantic Ocean.   We offer week-long rentals from May to October. Many of our guests rent two or  sometimes three weeks. Each cottage is equipped with a full kitchen, charcoal grill, internet, cable TV, and DVD player. You only  need to bring  your bath towels and bed linens. Each cottage has a maximum occupancy of six people. There is plenty of parking. There is also space for boat trailers. Although the cottages are quite secluded, a Stop n' Shop grocery store, restaurants, and stores are only five minutes away. Coast Guard Beach is located three miles from the cottages, and the Cape Rail Trail is within a half mile. Rock Harbor with its beautiful sunsets is 3 miles away.  Step back in time and relax. Panoramic photo directly above is from Nauset Light Beach in Eastham.        Powered by Squarespace 