Snowy Mountain Inn, Indian lake, NY. A Country Inn and BBQ Restaurant Welcome to the Snowy Mountain Inn and the Adirondack Smokehouse Barbecue Company Catering Service   ... Located in the heart of the Adirondack Mountains in upstate New York The Snowy Mountain Inn is a chef / owner operated facility that offers Bed & Breakfast lodging, cottages and a "guests only" dining room featuring Real Pit Southern BBQ and home cooking.  Our secluded cottages have Adirondack style interiors with lake and mountain views.  We are centrally located within the Adirondack Park, making day trips in any direction a pleasure. The Inn is located on Route 30 (Adirondack Trail Scenic Highway), 6 miles south of the hamlet of Indian Lake, New York.  The property is on a plateau (elv. 2000') at the base of Snowy Mountain (elv. 3995') overlooking Indian Lake.  "Snowy"  is the highest mountain outside of the High Peaks Region.                                                                                          January                                                                  July ..... Snowy Mountain: looking from the Inn The Adirondack Smokehouse Barbecue Company serves "Real Pit Southern Barbecue with a Northern Touch."  This means using readily available northern Oak wood to create a light amount of smoke that enhances the specially blended spice rubs on each food product. The Adirondack Smokehouse Barbecue Company is available for catering year round.  Even though we specialize in "Chicken & Ribs" BBQ and "Pig Roasts", we are full service caterers for off premise catering.  Our Oak smoked Prime Rib, Steaks, Lamb, Pork Chops and Duckling are an outstanding taste experience. After living and traveling in all of the southeastern states for over 20 years, we thought it was time to come back home to the mountains and bring traditional southern BBQ to the Adirondacks. Food is a common denominator in all parts of the world. If it tastes good, most people will like it regardless of their ethnic or regional background.  Northern people are no exception, they love BBQ,  even though they tend to associate it with "grilling".  Therefore, it wasn't really difficult to introduce them to open and closed pit barbecue cooking. Most  people don't have a problem with the  taste of wood smoke in their meats, just as long as it isn't too strong.  There is also a vast difference between natural smoking and commercial production smoking.  Here at the Inn we do everything nice and easy and natural, using Oak wood harvested right here on the property.  Pecan wood is the sweetest and lightest flavor of southern pit cooking. The northern counterpart is Oak. If you are looking for a nice, clean place to stay in the mountains and enjoy some great Real Pit Southern Barbecue, the Snowy Mountain Inn is for you.  Check out our  lodging info and Moose activity while at this site .  Contact the Inn if you need more information about staying here in the Indian Lake, Speculator region of the Adirondacks. PLEASE NOTE:  The Indian Lake -  Speculator region is known as the Moose Capital of the Adirondacks and is also the finest hiking area outside of the High Peaks region This web site is constantly changing, so don't forget to reload (refresh) your browser each time you visit.  There will be more Adirondack Photos and Snowy Mountain Inn Photos , plus information about the Snowy Mountain Inn, Adirondack Smokehouse Barbecue Company and Adirondack Moose Central, added on a regular basis. Adirondack Moose Central is a very interesting and informative place to visit if you love wildlife. For the history buffs, please check the Indian Lake Historical website for interesting info and old timey photos.   Make your lodging and catering reservations, call 518-648-5995 SNOWY MOUNTAIN INN   5088 NY 30, Indian Lake, NY 12842 Please call us on our reservation line, for types of accommodations, pricing, availability and reservations. 518-648-5995 Email :   Info@snowyinn.com Map and Directions to Snowy Mountain Inn Map and GPS Coordinates for Snowy Mountain Inn     Hiking Information Rafting Information Indian Lake Chamber of Commerce Hamilton County Tourism 1,740 miles of rivers & streams 56,000 acres of lakes & ponds 1,000,000 acres of woodlands 5,400 people 0 traffic lights   A service of netRelief, Inc. This site is a member of The Smoke Ring A linked list of BBQ websites Next - Skip Next - Next 5 - Prev - Skip Prev - Random Site Join the ring or browse a complete list of Smoke Ring members If you discover problems with any of The Smoke Ring sites, please notify the Ringmaster           Copyright © 2000 Gourmet Specialty Foods, Inc. All rights reserved 