Snowvillage Inn - A True Romantic Mountain Getaway - Official Site Header Header Row 2 An Inn, Restaurant and Lounge tucked in the White Mountains of NH /Header Row 2 Header Row 3 Toggle Navigation Navigation Photo Gallery Rates & Reservations View Rates & Book Now Experiences Room Information The Main Inn The Chimney House The Carriage House Contact/Directions Max’s Restaurant & Pub Max’s Hours Max’s Menu Locals Night Menu Max’s Oyster Orgy Max’s Fridays at Five Rehearsal Dinners at Max’s Restaurant and Pub Event Calendar Recipes Upcoming Events About the Inn Inn History Amenities INN the News Plan an Event Romantic Weddings The Place Is Yours – Venue Rental Plan It With Us – Wedding Details LGBT Wedding Winter Weddings Contact Our Wedding Planner Rehearsal Dinners at Max’s Restaurant and Pub Reunions, Retreats, & Meetings Things To Do Romance Live Music Packages Guided Adventure Explore Holiday Event Calendar Our Snowshoe Center What to Wear Snowshoeing A Romantic Snowshoe for Beginners Gift Certificates /Navigation /Header Row 3 /Header Book Now » <a href="https://secure.rezovation.com/Reservations/m/CheckAvailability.aspx?_0IJNZT67UPCJYY" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">Reserve Now &raquo;</a> Majestic Views Scenic Location Beautifully Decorated Rooms Locally Inspired Cuisine Cozy Pub Live Music Packages Live Music Packages with Stone Mountain Arts Center Max's Restaurant & Pub Join us at Max's Restaurant and Pub Serving Dinner Wednesday - Saturday Experiences Make It Special with a Snowvillage Inn Experience! Two Columns Main Column Page Content The Inn That Stays With You. Forever. Join Us for a True Romantic Getaway Snuggled on the slopes of Foss Mountain with sweeping views of Mount Washington and the entire Presidential Mountain Range is the beautiful Snowvillage Inn.  A romantic New Hampshire vacation destination where you may enjoy the true peace and quiet of nature.  Experience Snowvillage Inn to relax, unwind and relish in all the warmth of our classic yet contemporary country inn. Snowvillage Inn is the place you will want to return to year after year, just the two of you.  The scenic drive, majestic view of the NH White Mountains, and alluring guest rooms are just the start of your romantic getaway.  Take the time to enjoy each other, savor the tranquility, unforgettable view and romance that Snowvillage Inn will proffer.  We guarantee that you will leave insouciant and content. Fine Food & Service Max’s Restaurant and Pub is Snowvillage Inn’s casual fine dining restaurant. Whether you choose to dine in our dining room or relax with a bite in the pub, you’ll be treated to a most incredible epicurean adventure. With our award-winning restaurant, breathtaking views, and warm hospitality it is easy to see why our diners always come back for more. We are open year-round, serving dinner to the public and our guests Tuesday through Saturday, starting at 5:30 pm. Reservations are recommended. Location Remove yourself from the hustle and bustle of North Conway, NH so you can enjoy the peace and tranquility that surrounds Snowvillage Inn. North Conway is a great town that offers many popular attractions from tax-free shopping at Settlers’ Green, to amazing train excursions on the Conway Scenic Railroad or a visit to Tuckerman Brewing Co ., our local brewery. Whatever your plans are in the Mount Washington Valley, when you’re here, you’re only 10 minutes away. Maybe you will prefer to relax at Snowvillage Inn, revel in the spectacular view from our screened in porch, enjoy a hike to the summit of Foss Mountain or go for a swim in Crystal Lake. We have incredibly helpful staff to offer information about the local attractions or suggestions for a restful day; the choice is yours. Give us a call and let us help you plan your next visit to the New Hampshire White Mountains. — Kevin Flynn & Jen Kovach Innkeeper & Owners Please contact us with questions or if you would like to make a reservation. Join us on Facebook to stay updated. /Page Content Page Comments /Page Comments /Main Column /Two Columns /Footer Widgets Footer   Snowvillage Inn 136 Stewart Road Eaton Center, NH 03832 603‐447-2818 PO Box 7 Eaton Center, NH 03832 We Are Committed To ADA Compliance, Read our Accessibility Statement Copyright © 2018 Snowvillage Inn | Web design by NotchNet /Footer /Container /Main Wrapper ngg_resource_manager_marker ngfb footer: buttons_on_front not enabled 