Sol Tropical – I Your one-stop vacation guide in Costa Rica The7 7.7.0 Skip to content 1 800 867 5758 / WhatsApp 506 8826 4253 San Jose, Costa Rica Facebook Instagram Sol Tropical I Your one-stop vacation guide in Costa Rica Home Highlight Tour Daily Tours Tours in San Jose Region Tours in Arenal Region Tours in Manuel Antonio Region Packages Services Hotel/Airport Bookings Hotel Domestic Flights Rent a Car Daily Transfers Individual Services About Contact Search: Search Home Highlight Tour Daily Tours Tours in San Jose Region Tours in Arenal Region Tours in Manuel Antonio Region Packages Services Hotel/Airport Bookings Hotel Domestic Flights Rent a Car Daily Transfers Individual Services About Contact Welcome to Sol Tropical Tours !     “THE #1 TOUR GUIDE FOR ALL THOSE WHO LOVE COSTA RICA!”  HIGHLIGHT TOUR   We will take you to our historic downtown, Arenal Volcano, Baldi Hot Springs, Rainforest Chocolate Tour, Poas Volcano and Butterfly Gardens, and Carara National Park, and more!   For more information, Click Here . DAILY TOURS   Choose from a large selection of tours from San Jose area, Arenal Volcano area, and Monteverde area. Our tour guides are well informed of the areas that we travel and share their knowledge with you.   For more information, Click Here . PACKAGES   You have many choices, including Arenal, Monteverde, Manuel Antonio, Rincon de la Vieja, Tortuguero National Park, Costa Rica Rafting, Costa Rica Safari, Corcovado National Park, and Coast to Coast.   For more information, Click Here . OUR MISSION .. ..   “A Memorable Costa Rica Experience!”   .. With over 33 years of experience Sol Tropical is your best choice our Lic. Tour Guides will teach you our culture, history and natural treasures, for a unforgettable vacation. All our excursions are filled with local flavor, history and a bit of adventure. Sol Tropical focuses its tours on the San Jose and surrounding areas, so whether you like downtown history, our volcanoes, our beaches, or our lush countryside, we can take your there! LATEST TESTIMONIALS .. .. “AMAZING tour company – highly recommended!” … “We have nothing but praise for the organization and variety of the tours. We could not have asked for a better experience. Our guide, Christian, made the tours especially interesting. He clearly loves his job and is knowledgeable in a variety of areas. I especially like the way he responded to our questions with honesty and compassion. Any drawbacks? Well, it took a long time to get to and from places, but that was not the tour company’s fault. Oh, and Unberto, the driver, was excellent, too.” .. “We were a group of five based at Taranova Villas Palmas condominiums. We were informed ahead of time of the trip choices and packages. The presentation on the first morning was fun and informative. The tours were history, animal, and nature filled and our tour guides, Christian and Eric were knowledgeable, humorous and very good at keeping us on time. They had a wealth of both biological and cultural information that made the longer bus rides bearable. The food was beyond amazing! Thank you for a perfect trip!” .. “I spent a week in Costa Rica, staying at Villas Palmas and going on daily trips with Sol Tropical. Everyone involved was fantastic. The trips were educational, beautiful and fun. Our guide, Christian, was the absolute BEST. He gave us info on the history of the areas we visited, knew everything about the wildlife and nature surrounding us, made sure we were able to see the multiple creatures that he (amazingly) spotted all over. This vacation was everything that I hoped it would be and more!” Let our team bring you the best Costa Rica vacation experience. We are fully licensed and insured. #content .wf-container .wf-wrap #main !Footer .wf-container .wf-container-footer .wf-wrap !Bottom-bar © 2018 Sol Tropical Site Design by DJP Design .wf-container-bottom .wf-wrap #bottom-bar #footer Go to Top #page 