Souli Beach Hotel on Latchi Seafront Pafos Cyprus Souli Beach Hotel .row.pre-head Home Rooms Rates Facilities Restaurant Sights Galleries Booking Contact us main container Souli Beach Hotel Latchi Paphos Cyprus view rooms 400m from Latchi Harbour view rooms Dine by the Mediterranean Sea view rooms Souli Seafront Restaurant view rooms Experience epic beauty and breath taking views view rooms #slider adults 1 2 3 4 5 6 room Single Room Double / Twin Room Triple Room book now “Superb location, food and value” Everything we needed for a holiday and amazing value. Sea, beach, pool, taverna. Less than a 5 minute walk to little Latchi town with it’s beach and harbour front restaurants and watersports. A trip to Blue Lagoon worth it for the turquoise sea. Juliette B Reviewed via TripAdvisor 29 October 2016 Reviews .widget-area-1 the hotel Souli Seafront Restaurant our rooms .widget-area-2 Global site tag (gtag.js) - Google Analytics Souli Beach Hotel is superbly located on a seafront setting by the foothills of the Akamas in the charming fishing village of Latchi Paphos. We are only minutes away from Polis, Baths of Aphrodite and a short scenic drive from Paphos Town. We offer a stunning location which is: . situated on a prime seafront setting . in the unspoilt area of  Western Cyprus . 400m west of Latchi Fishing Harbour . 4km from Baths of Aphrodite and Akamas National Park . a great base for a walking/hiking holiday . 36km from Paphos Town . 40km from Paphos International Airport (PFO)   We offer the ideal location for those seeking a relaxing “get away from it all” vacation. Spend your days soaking up the sun by the outdoor pool or sea, and dine al fresco in our famous Souli Seafront Restaurant that is renowned for it’s variety of fresh fish and local traditional mezze. Souli Beach Hotel equally provides a great base for those wishing to explore the unspoilt area of the island. Take a trip back in time and discover the many surrounding traditional Cypriot villages; visit one of the local wineries or ancient monasteries; explore the Akamas by car, foot or bike, with its dramatic landscape and discover the endless variety of flowers, birds and green back turtles at Lara Bay. We are a small family run establishment offering  excellent service, a high standard of facilities and our friendly English speaking staff will ensure you a warm sunny welcome and pleasurable stay.         Upgrade to Half Board 16 Euros per person per night book now Things to do View .widget-area-3 Home Rooms Facilities Restaurant Sights Galleries Booking Contact us © 2019 All rights reserved Made by 8 Media Works #page [if (gte IE 6)&(lte IE 8)]> <script type="text/javascript" src="http://soulibeachhotel.com/wp-content/themes/santorini/panel/scripts/selectivizr-min.js"></script> <![endif] 