First Light Travel | New Zealand Driving Holidays and Tours Skip to main content Google Tag Manager Main navigation SELF DRIVE Column 1 All Self Drive Tours Both Islands North Island South Island Column 2 1-7 Day Self Drive Itineraries 8-14 Day Self Drive Itineraries 15-21 Day Self Drive Itineraries 22+ Day Self Drive Itineraries Column 3 Self Drive Adventure Tours Lord of the Rings Honeymoon / Romantic Luxury Self Drive Tours Relaxing Self Drive Tours See All Tour Themes Column 4 Planning Your Trip Car Rental Fleet Campervan Fleet Motorhome Itineraries Group Tours Column 1 All Group Tours Both Islands Group Tours North Island Group Tours South Island Group Tours Column 2 1-7 Day Group Itineraries 8-14 Day Group Itineraries 15-21 Day Group Itineraries 22+ Day Group Itineraries Choose Tour Start Date Column 3 Adventure Tours Escorted Coach Tours Lord of the Rings Tours Small Group Luxury Tours Cruises Privately Guided Tours Independent Coach Tours Activity Tours Column 1 Hiking & Walking Tours Food & Wine Tours Mountain Biking & Cycling Tours Golf Tours Horse Treks Caving Tours Snow Sport Tours Column 2 Diving Tours Sailing Tours Surfing Tours Kayaking Tours Rafting Tours Birding Tours Fly Fishing Tours Popular Themed Tours Column 1 Adventure Holidays Family Friendly Food & Wine Hiking & Walking Lord of the Rings Luxury Relaxation Honeymoon/ Romantic Visiting NZ Column 1 Planning Your Trip About New Zealand Places to visit New Zealand Maps FAQs NZ Weather Widget Travel Distance Calculator About Column 1 Meet The Team How To Book Media Internships FAQs Video Gallery Sustainable Tourism My Favourites Enquire Now This block is broken or missing. You may be missing content or you might need to enable the original module. Header Menu Australian Website Specials See Reviews Blog Contact Currency and Search Currency: NZD Email: info@firstlighttravel.com             Enquire now New Zealand self drive & group tour specialists Header Menu Australian Website Specials See Reviews Blog Contact Currency and Search Currency: NZD Search this site Enter the terms you wish to search for. Find Main navigation SELF DRIVE Column 1 All Self Drive Tours Both Islands North Island South Island Column 2 1-7 Day Self Drive Itineraries 8-14 Day Self Drive Itineraries 15-21 Day Self Drive Itineraries 22+ Day Self Drive Itineraries Column 3 Self Drive Adventure Tours Lord of the Rings Honeymoon / Romantic Luxury Self Drive Tours Relaxing Self Drive Tours See All Tour Themes Column 4 Planning Your Trip Car Rental Fleet Campervan Fleet Motorhome Itineraries Group Tours Column 1 All Group Tours Both Islands Group Tours North Island Group Tours South Island Group Tours Column 2 1-7 Day Group Itineraries 8-14 Day Group Itineraries 15-21 Day Group Itineraries 22+ Day Group Itineraries Choose Tour Start Date Column 3 Adventure Tours Escorted Coach Tours Lord of the Rings Tours Small Group Luxury Tours Cruises Privately Guided Tours Independent Coach Tours Activity Tours Column 1 Hiking & Walking Tours Food & Wine Tours Mountain Biking & Cycling Tours Golf Tours Horse Treks Caving Tours Snow Sport Tours Column 2 Diving Tours Sailing Tours Surfing Tours Kayaking Tours Rafting Tours Birding Tours Fly Fishing Tours Popular Themed Tours Column 1 Adventure Holidays Family Friendly Food & Wine Hiking & Walking Lord of the Rings Luxury Relaxation Honeymoon/ Romantic Visiting NZ Column 1 Planning Your Trip About New Zealand Places to visit New Zealand Maps FAQs NZ Weather Widget Travel Distance Calculator About Column 1 Meet The Team How To Book Media Internships FAQs Video Gallery Sustainable Tourism My Favourites Enquire Now Group tour sale > Award Winning New Zealand Self Drive Holidays & Tours First Tour Type Self Drive Tours Group Tours Adventure Group Tours Second Location All New Zealand North Island South Island Find all tours   Kia Ora Welcome to New Zealand Since 2001 we’ve been helping visitors plan their dream New Zealand vacations. Allow us the privilege of creating your very own customised New Zealand tour itinerary, it begins by you filling out our enquiry form. We pride ourselves on being able to offer unique New Zealand self drive tours and privately guided tours tailored to your interests. We also have a exciting selection of hassle free, all-inclusive Group Tours. Facebook Rating 4.9 229 recommendations Google Rating 5 307 reviews Popular Ways to Experience New Zealand   New Zealand Self Drive Tours Experience a New Zealand self drive holiday, that not only surpasses your expectations but eliminates all of the guesswork.  Even better, this itinerary planning service is absolutely free when you book with us.    New Zealand Coach Tours Our hassle-free New Zealand coach tours are a relaxing way to take in the full beauty of New Zealand. Everything is taken care of including pre-booked accommodation, sightseeing activities, the comfort of a luxury coach and the friendly services of our team.   Small Group New Zealand Luxury The benefits of a small group tour are more leisure time, a flexible itinerary, and unique dining and travel experiences.  Small group tours allow you to venture on alternative routes to the large coach tours.   Walking / Hiking Holidays Our carefully selected hiking tours give you access to the most exciting volcanic and coastal regions in our National Parks and Reserves.  For those wanting an authentic experience of pure and pristine wilderness.   Adventure Tours New Zealand Small group adventure tours cater to our clients who want to explore New Zealand’s most beautiful wilderness areas and who have a real passion for actively experiencing ‘The Great Outdoors’.   New Zealand Private Touring Enjoy flexibility and privacy when touring New Zealand in the capable hands of our exceptional local guides. We use the best operators to enhance your travelling experience, in areas of our country that the larger group coach tours can't go.   Lord Of The Rings New Zealand Planning your New Zealand holiday around the many Lord of the Rings movie locations will give you an excellent starting point for your itinerary, incorporating a fantastic mix of all that New Zealand has to offer.    Romantic / Honeymoon Your search for that idyllic honeymoon or romantic destination ends here. New Zealand is the ultimate “ends of the earth” place to escape from everyday life. With tranquil yet breathtaking scenery, premium hideaway lodges, and unique experiences - you will build memories to treasure. WHO ARE WE? First Light Travel is owned and operated by Brent Narbey and Nigel Williamson. Adventurers themselves, with more than a few travel stories of their own, they know the ins and outs of travelling both in New Zealand and around the globe. Both are absolute travel professionals with a lifetime in the industry, which means you couldn’t be in safer hands! Brent and Nigel are supported by a team of highly experienced and knowledgeable New Zealand based travel specialists.   Rhodri Elizabeth Dmitry MEET OUR NEW ZEALAND BASED TEAM Why First Light Travel Does it Better... Free Custom Itineraries Man & Machine Combination Free Personal Service Complete our Enquiry Form and within 24 hours you will receive the first cut of your customised Self Drive New Zealand Holiday Itinerary from your own personal travel consultant. Your consultant will then work with you to refine your itinerary so that it meets your needs perfectly. Find out what we can do for you. Fill out our free itinerary planner   We are the only New Zealand travel agency with Enigma, a powerful system storing over 20,000 hand picked New Zealand products & tours. With the expertise of our travel specialists, you’ll find just what you’re looking for in a New Zealand Holiday. Contact Our Team   Work with your own personal Kiwi Travel Specialist, from start to finish. Benefit from their local knowledge and expertise so you get exactly what you are looking for in a New Zealand Self Drive Itinerary or Private Tour. Don't forget our service is COMPLETELY FREE. So your holiday wouldn't cost you any more than if you booked everything yourself. Check out our team profiles   Featured Articles A Week on the Road with Grand Pacific Tours. [if IE 9]><video style="display: none;"><![endif] [if IE 9]></video><![endif] Submitted by Michelle Post date 18 June 2019 I love to travel independently and New Zealand is certainly a wonderful place to explore by yourself, but I also like to socialize with like-minded people and have someone else do the driving once in a while. After a week on the road with Grand Pacific Tours, I can certainly see the appeal of the coach touring lifestyle. Read more Submitted by Michelle Post date 18 June 2019 Del Bikes the West Coast Wilderness Trail [if IE 9]><video style="display: none;"><![endif] [if IE 9]></video><![endif] Submitted by Del Gorton Post date 4 May 2019 I’d been told the West Coast Wilderness Trail was something really special by a few people who had biked it. But being a mountain biker, it had sounded a bit too tame. Recently I rode it as part of a ride along many of the cycle trails around New Zealand. Turned out the West Coast Wilderness Trail was my favourite of all the trails. It had it all: stunning scenery, a relaxing fun ride, and importantly, well-spaced distances between cafes.  Read more Submitted by Del Gorton Post date 4 May 2019 Facebook Reviews First Light Travel First Light Travel Hunter Thomason 18 July First Light provided the most amazing vacation experience our family has ever had. Everything went perfectly. The hotels were amazing. All of the tours went without a hitch and we breathtaking. Kudos all around! First Light Travel First Light Travel Marco Miguel Collantes 12 July This trip is one for the books! Christine made sure that we are able to enjoy and maximize our 8-day vacation to the wonderful places in South Island, NZ. We only contacted her 2 weeks prior our trip but she was able to quickly come up with an Itinerary and was very patient with our questions and requested adjustments with our IT given the very short timing. She was also quick to respond on our emails and gave tips on some of our concerns. We'll definitely contact them again on our next visit to New Zealand. Appreciate all the help! Marco & Nikki Collantes Manila, Philippines First Light Travel First Light Travel Chelo Cruz Madali 30 June Christine of First Light was very patient in helping us plan everything. She made sure to respond in all our queries and questions. I highly recommend their services for a worry-free vacation in New Zealand! First Light Travel First Light Travel Melissa Wilson 22 June Shelley Kirk and First Light Travel were instrumental in making this trip run absolutely seamlessly! Shelley was always available and our awesome day by day itinerary and coupon book were sooooo easy to use. We always knew exactly what was up next. We will highly recommend you to everyone considering a trip to New Zealand. Thanks so much! Melissa and Paige First Light Travel First Light Travel Heng Kim Siang 16 June Awesome 14 days South Island self drive trip planned by First Light Travel, special thanks to Chrissy. Everything was well organised. Click through to our Facebook page *Independent guest reviews live from facebook Phone Us Toll Free USA/Canada: 1-877-282-2577 United Kingdom: 0808-189-2382 Australia: 1-800-140-318 Singapore: 800-130-1776 Phone Local New Zealand: 09 281-4481 Connect With Us Email: info@firstlighttravel.com             Business Hours We're Open: Mon-Fri, 9am-5pm Current NZ Time:  {placeholder} Address Details Physical Address : First Light Travel, Level 2, 69-71 Beach Road, Auckland, 1010, New Zealand  Postal: First Light Travel, PO Box 106796, Auckland 1142, Aotearoa New Zealand  Air New Zealand Flight Deals We offer great flight prices when booked as part of your New Zealand vacation package. As the New Zealand travel experts we can give you the best advice and save you money. We support New Zealand's environmental care code - a 10 point checklist of things you can do when you visit NZ to help keep the environment clean and intact. ​​​​​​​ Self Drive All Self Drive Tours North Island South Island Lord of the Rings Group Tours All New Zealand North Island South Island Coach Tours Cruises Lord of the Rings Small Group Luxury Activities Hikes & Walks Food & Wine Tours Mountain Biking Diving Kayaking Popular Tours Adventure Lord of the Rings Luxury Relaxation Itineraries 1-7 Day Itineraries 8-14 Day Itineraries 15-21 Days Itineraries 21+ Day Itineraries Visiting NZ Planning Your Trip About New Zealand © 2019 First Light Travel Limited Site by communica.nz Footer menu Travel Insurance Privacy Policy Sitemap $ USD $ AUD £ GBP € EUR $ CAD ¥ CNY $ SGD $ HKD Other currencies -- Choose currency -- United States Dollars - USD United Kingdom Pounds - GBP Canada Dollars - CAD Australia Dollars - AUD New Zealand Dollars - NZD Switzerland Francs - CHF South Africa Rand - ZAR Argentina Pesos - ARS Australia Dollars - AUD Bahrain Dinars - BHD Brazil Reais - BRL Canada Dollars - CAD RMB (China Yuan Renminbi) - CNY Denmark Kroner - DKK Euro - EUR Hong Kong Dollars - HKD India Rupees - INR Indonesia Rupiahs - IDR Japan Yen - JPY Jordan Dinars - JOD Korea (South) Won - KRW Kuwait Dinars - KWD Malaysia Ringgits - MYR New Zealand Dollars - NZD Norway Kroner - NOK Pakistan Rupees - PKR Peru Nuevos Soles - PEN Philippines Pesos - PHP Qatar Riyals - QAR Russia Rubles - RUB Saudi Arabia Riyals - SAR Singapore Dollars - SGD South Africa Rand - ZAR Sri Lanka Rupees - LKR Sweden Kronor - SEK Switzerland Francs - CHF Taiwan New Dollars - TWD Thailand Baht - THB United Arab Emirates Dirhams - AED Pricing terms The price is based on current exchange rates but is only an approximation. Please contact us for a final price 