Bed and Breakfast | Key West, FL Google Tag Manager Google Tag Manager (noscript) End Google Tag Manager (noscript) 305-294-0715 info@southernmostpoint.com weather and time Key West 83 ° /.awesome-weather-current-temp /.awesome-weather-wrap 04:41 AM /weather and time Reservations Reserve Your Room / Reservations Home Rooms & Amenities About the Inn Things to Do Policies Contact Steps away from the Southernmost Beach in the United States Tropical Getaway with Southern Hospitality Located on Historic Duval Street Primary content Call Us Directly 305-294-0715 Reserve Your Room Historic Bed and Breakfast in Key West, FL Combine a tropical getaway with southern hospitality when you stay at the Southernmost Point Guest House. Located just steps from the beach, our luxurious bed and breakfast in Key West, FL, provides exceptional comfort and views to make your vacation even more memorable. Built in 1894, our Victorian era B&B provides the perfect spot for your romantic getaway. The property is lined with tropical gardens and relaxing hammocks nestled into the foliage. This way you can enjoy your stay relaxed in a tropical paradise, or spend your time swimming in the turquoise waters of the Atlantic Ocean. Feature The Amenities We Offer When you stay at our beautiful guest house, we provide a number of great amenities . Some of these include: Free High-Speed Wi-Fi In-Room Coffee Maker and Fridge Air Conditioners Pool Heated Spa Daily Housekeeping Service Complimentary Breakfast Complimentary Happy Hour Complimentary Beach Towels Free Off-Street Parking View all Feature Rooms & Amenities The Southernmost Point Guest House has something for everyone, our [...] Feature Tropical Bed And Breakfast in Key West, FL The island city of Key West is the ultimate tropical [...] Feature Tropical Bed And Breakfast in Key West, FL The Southernmost Point Guest House in Key West is an [...] Additionally, our rooms are equipped with a range of different beds. From double queen rooms to full-size king suites, there is a total of thirteen rooms to choose from when staying at our B&B. Experiencing Key West When staying with us, there are many great things to see and do in the city of Key West. We are located right next to the Southernmost Point in the Continental United States, allowing you to see this famous point as soon as you arrive at our ocean-view accommodations. We are also located on the world famous Duval Street, which boasts several options for outdoor dining, historical bars, and local shopping. There are also countless fishing and adventure tours to spend time out on the Atlantic Ocean. So whether you want to experience the nightlife, taste great local seafood, try your hand at fishing, or just want to relax in a tropical paradise, Key West is the ideal spot for your next vacation. And, our southernmost guest house gives you the perfect place to stay. Contact us to learn more about our historic bed and breakfast or to make a reservation for your next vacation. We proudly operate in Key West, FL, and accept guests from anywhere. Location Located on Historic Duval Street. 1327 Duval Street Phone: 305-294-0715   Email us Office Hours: 8AM–8PM Site Map Home Rooms & Amenities About the Inn Things to Do Policies Contact Sitemap Privacy Policy Map Find Us Southernmost Point Guesthouse © 2019. Digital marketing by Two Oceans Digital 