Southern Comfort Cabin Rentals - Blue Ridge Cabin Rentals, North Georgia × You do not have Javascript enabled in your browser. Please update your browser settings to allow Javascript to see property images, descriptions, and all the most up to date listing information. Search Rentals 866.4CABINS Home Cabin Rentals Offers Blue Ridge FAQ About List Your Home Contact Search Rentals Vacation Rental Categories: All Vacation Rental Categories All Blue Ridge Cabin Rentals Private Reserve Cabin Rentals Luxury Cabin Rentals Mountain View Cabin Rentals Lake Blue Ridge Cabin Rentals Creek or River Cabin Rentals Forest & Seasonal View Cabin Rentals Downtown Blue Ridge Rentals Pet-Friendly Cabin Rentals Wheelchair-Friendly Cabin Rentals Turnkey Cabins for Sale Arriving: Departing: Arriving: Departing: Bedrooms: All Bedrooms 1 Bedroom 2 Bedrooms 3 Bedrooms 4 Bedrooms 5 Bedrooms 6 Bedrooms 7 Bedrooms Guests: All Guests 1 Guest 2 Guests 3 Guests 4 Guests 5 Guests 6 Guests 7 Guests 8 Guests 9 Guests 10 Guests 11 Guests 12 Guests 13 Guests 14 Guests 15 Guests 16 Guests 17 Guests 18 Guests 19 Guests 20 Guests 21 Guests Check Availability Flexible Check-in Looking for a specific home? Search Rentals All Blue Ridge Cabin Rentals Private Reserve Cabin Rentals Creek or River Cabin Rentals Downtown Blue Ridge Rentals One-of-a-kind Blue Ridge Cabin Rentals Find your place in the southern Appalachians for an unforgettable getaway. Southern Comfort Cabin Rentals offers well-appointed vacation homes for an unmatched Blue Ridge experience. Cabins Elevated Find the perfect vacation home with room for the entire family and upscale amenities to fit any budget. Mountain Bliss Enjoy breathtaking views of the Blue Ridge Mountains with outdoor adventures just minutes away. Southern Hospitality Make the most of your trip with first-rate concierge and guest services customized to your needs. Find Your Place in the North Georgia Mountains Escape to a mountain getaway in Blue Ridge with Southern Comfort Cabin Rentals. The mountains of Blue Ridge, Georgia are always in season – whether you choose to vacation among the wildflowers of spring, refreshing Lake Blue Ridge and Toccoa River waters of summer, breathtaking foliage of fall, or dancing snow flurries of winter. Search our collection of North Georgia cabin rentals to find your perfect vacation home at an affordable price any time of year. View Properties Explore the Best of Blue Ridge Located about 90 minutes from Atlanta, Blue Ridge is an ideal destination for guests wanting to get away from it all and reconnect with nature. Families, friends, couples, and even pets can immerse themselves in the splendor of the North Georgia mountains surrounded by stunning waterfalls , lakes, rivers, and other scenic views. Discover all there is to experience during your vacation in North Georgia. There are a variety of things to do located just minutes from our Blue Ridge cabin rentals. Famous as the Trout Capital of Georgia, the area boasts numerous fishing spots to reel in a catch from the Toccoa River. Explore the Blue Ridge Mountains on challenging hiking and mountain biking trails for all skill levels or from above the treetops on a zip line canopy tour. Other popular vacation activities include perusing art galleries and shops in downtown Blue Ridge, sampling a beer flight at Blue Ridge Brewery, dining on locally sourced cuisine at Harvest on Main, conquering the Ocoee River on a whitewater rafting adventure, picking apples fresh from the tree at Mercier Orchards , and paddling a kayak on Lake Blue Ridge . Learn more about Blue Ridge and view the latest events, activities, attractions, and things to do at I Heart Blue Ridge . Cabins with All the Comforts of Home Our Blue Ridge cabin rentals feature a variety of options and styles to meet your group’s preferences and budget. Every cabin offers first-rate amenities and is located within 30 minutes of charming downtown Blue Ridge. Pet-friendly and wheelchair-friendly homes are available. Our North Georgia cabin rentals are fully equipped and cleaned prior to guest arrival, and each reservation features hassle-free check-in. Make memories with friends and family while enjoying a wide range of vacation home amenities. Breathtaking views Hot tubs Fireplaces & firepits Decks & outdoor areas Private suites Fully equipped kitchens Grills Flat-screen TVs Game areas List Your Home Discover the benefits of listing your Blue Ridge home as a vacation rental. As a leading property management company in Blue Ridge, Southern Comfort Cabin Rentals can care for your home while you earn income. With nearly 20 years of experience, we specialize in service and southern hospitality. Homeowners of our Blue Ridge cabin rentals benefit from a secure client base and a steady stream of revenue. Turnkey service makes us a top choice for owners. Taking Service to New Heights Take your getaway to the next level with unmatched guest services to help you make the most of your North Georgia trip. We can assist you in reserving a home and customizing your vacation experience. Our team can provide area recommendations and coordinate services like daily housekeeping, turndown service, catering, in-home grocery delivery, fitness center access, childcare, bicycle rentals, boat rentals, attraction tickets, and more. Packages are available for anniversaries and special occasions. Should you need anything during your stay, our team is always available to help. Join Our Mailing List Sign up for our e-newsletter to receive exclusive opportunities and get first dibs on new cabins! Sign Up Cabin Rentals Blue Ridge Cabin Rentals Specials About Us Reviews Cabin Rentals Blue Ridge Cabins Specials About Us Reviews Cabins Blue Ridge Cabins Specials About Us Reviews Resources FAQ Blue Ridge Guide Blog Make a Payment Services List Your Home Cabins for Sale Buy a Vacation Home Owner Login Services List Your Home Cabins for Sale Buy a Home Owner Login Contact Contact Us   866.4CABINS   706.258.3737   Email Us Search Rentals Privacy Policy | Site Map | Blue Ridge Cabin Rentals | North Georgia Cabin Rentals © 2019  Southern Comfort Cabin Rentals . 240 West Main St, Blue Ridge, GA 30513. Powered by: LiveRez.com Vacation Rental Software 