Sports Ventures Africa – Personalised Travel Into Africa Home More About Us Travel Ideas Contact Form Menu Home More About Us Travel Ideas Contact Form sports ventures AFRICA pERSONALISED AFRICA TRAVEL About Us Sports Ventures Africa specializes in personalised and luxury travel itineraries. As a resident from the continent, for over more than 25 years in business, Bea Mulder has built excellent relationships with the hospitality industry and hotel managers in selected destinations all around Sub Saharan Africa, East Africa and the Indian Ocean islands. She has access to exclusive venues for the most convenient Africa experience. From own experience and feedback from customers she will be able to give a wide variety of recommendations, from the best culinair experience in the cape wine lands in South Africa, where to play golf in southern Africa, the best dive sites in the Indian Ocean to mobile safari in the heart of Africa. She is your unique Africa fundi, who knows how to travel safe and in style, where you want it but do not expect it. Who are we - more about us Lions on the serengeti The "African Bug" For recurring customers we always find new areas to explore and we give new customers a great introduction to the amazing wildlife, unique on this globe. Most of our customers get “bitten by the African bug” and want to return after their first experience. In our personal interaction with our customer, we will understand your expectation and preferences, which we will build on when you return, to provide more variety in your next venture. Our customers are from all over the world and for our clients convenience, we converse in German, English, Dutch and Afrikaans. And while you are travelling we will be 24/7 available for piece of mind Who are we - more about us “ Africa changes you forever, like nowhere on earth. Once you have been there, you will never be the same. But how do you begin to describe the magic to someone who has never felt it? How can you explain the fascination of this vast, dusty continent, whose oldest roads are elephant paths? Could it be because Africa is the place of all our beginnings, the cradle of mankind, where our species first stood upright on the savannahs of long ago?” – Brian Jackman – Contact us Leave us a note and we will get back to you to discuss your Africa travel ideas  +31 61 534 6100 bea@sportsventures.co.za Contact Form Home More About Us Travel Ideas Contact Form Menu Home More About Us Travel Ideas Contact Form 