Stamatia Apartments - Studios Asprovalta Beach Greece Stamatia Apartments - Asprovalta Thessaloniki Greece info@stamatiaapartments.com | +30 6946 698575 English Greek Home Complex Stamatia Apartments Stamatia Residence Accommodation Asprovalta Location Visit Around Castle of Rentina Mount Athos Visit Macedonian Valley Ancient Filippoi Ancient Stagira Cave of Alistrati Prices Book Now Menu Family Apartments Feel like home at our self-service apartments. Our manager are at your disposal 24/7. Our Apartments Family Holidays Enjoy the crystal clear water of Asprovalta beach. The beach is awarded each year with a blue flag, the symbol of quality and cleanliness. Learn More Asprovalta Asprovalta is a town on the beach, in the prefecture of Thessaloniki in northern Greece, at Strymonikos bay. Learn More Stamatia Apartments – Asprovalta Greece The ideal location of our elegant, colorful decorated apartments , in the heart of the center of Asprovalta , surrounded by all kind of stores that can serve every need of yours, combined with the short distance – just 3′ minutes away  by foot –  from our golden sandy beach and crystal sea, promise you that Stamatia Apartments can be your best choice for your vacation . Warm hospitality , friendly environment, cleanness and the willingness to respond to all of your needs, can guarantee the best holidays for you.   Read More about Stamatia Apartments Read More about Stamatia Residence   Accommodation – Stamatia Apartments Studios and Apartments Economy Studios from 40,00 € per night Studios are composed of a bedroom with 1 double bed, equipped kitchen in the same space and bathroom with shower. Learn More Standard Apartments from 60,00 € per night Standard Apartments are composed of two bedroom, with double beds and can accommodate 4 adults. Learn More Superior Studios from 50,00 € per night Superior studios can accommodate 2 adults or 2 adults and 1 kid and are ideal for couples or families with 1 kid. Learn More Apartments from 70,00 € per night The apartments consist of 2 bedrooms with double beds and a small separate fully equipped kitchen. Learn More Premium Apartments from 90,00 € per night Premium Apartments can accommodate 4 people and are ideal for families with children or 2 couples. Learn More Family Holidays Asprovalta Greece is popular destination for family holidays. Asprovalta’s beach is suitable for small children. Kids will have plenty of sand to build castles and play games on the beach . What additionally appeals to people coming to the beach is remarkable cleanness and longitude, which allows you to be completely alone no matter the season. Beach of Asprovalta is just 3  minutes away by foot from our apartments and you can find very well equipped supermarkets, confectionery shops, pharmacies and infirmaries nearby. Read More about Asprovalta Stamatia Residence – Asprovalta Greece Troias Apartments Residence From 85,00 € per night Just a few meters from the main building of Stamatia Apartments, we offer 2 fully equipped Rental Houses ( Stamatia Residence ) which can accommodate up to 5 people. Learn More Privileged Apartment 3 bedrooms From 100,00 € per night Privileged Apartment consists of 3 berdooms and a spacious living – dinning room with kitchen Learn More Testimonials Happy Guests Every Year An excellent vacation in a quiet and clean town with an excellent beach. Vacation in Asprovalta – Visan1972 Great location, just in the center of Asprovalta, and just a couple of minutes far from the beach. An excellent stay – Alina L Location is perfect – near to the beach, near to the restaurants. Thanks for friendliness, Stamatia!!! Next time we would stay again. Cozy rooms, perfect location, friendly hosts – botodorova What grabbed us most was the owner’s beaming smile and her desire to make our stay as pleasant as possible. Thanks for everything, Stamatia! A lovely place to spend your holiday – Dessi_21 Sightseeing in Asprovalta Greece Visit around during your holidays Visit Macedonian Valley The Macedonian valley (Tempi) is the location between Cholomontas and Kerdylia mountains. Learn More Mount Athos Mount Athos is a unique male monastic society. It is located on a peninsula in Halkidiki, in Northern Greece just some 130 km from Thessaloniki, an interesting city of byzantine tradition. Learn More Castle of Rentina A ruined castle built in the 6th cent. AD in the place of a roman fortress on a steep hill overlooking ancient “via Egnatia”. In the 10th cent. it became the centre of a diocese. Learn More Cave of Alistrati The Cave of Alistrati lies about 6 km southeast of Alistrati’s town at a place called “Petroto”. Learn More Contact Stamatia Apartments 23 Egnatia str & P. Mela str, Asprovalta Thessaloniki, 570 21 Greece Contact Person: Stamatia Pouni tel / viber / whatsup : +30 6946 698575 | email: info@stamatiaapartments.com GNTO Registration Number: 09.33.Κ.13.2Κ.07375.0.1 View Location and Map Terms of Use Privacy Policy Find us also Reviews Awards Policy Check in 13:00 Check out 11:00 To confirm reservations, a deposit of 30% is required . Payments Powered by BOULIOS.COM Digital Tourism Marketing 