Hotel Bookings at Stamford, TX Hotel - Deluxe Inn Stamford Book Now   Deluxe Inn Stamford 1701 N Swenson St Stamford, TX 79553 US +1-325-773-2751 Book Now Menu Home Rooms Amenities Things to Do Directions Photo Gallery Contact Us SEARCH Daily Weekly Multiple Weeks Check-In Check-Out Rooms Adults Children The Grace Museum The Grace Museum maintains a unique position among West Texas attractions. Housed in a historically significant 105 year-old building, The Grace Museum is recognized as an asset for its cultural heritage as well as its educational opportunities. Accredited by the American Alliance of Museums (AAM), The Grace conforms to the highest operational and professional standards. The museum is dear to the people of Abilene, and is respected throughout the state for its outstanding exhibitions and programs. Fort Griffin State Historic Site The purpose of Fort Griffin State Historic Site is to manage and preserve the historic military fort built in 1867 so that future generations can enjoy and understand this period of Texas’ history. Fort Griffin also manages and conserves the land used for grazing for the official Texas State Longhorn herd, which has been located here since 1948. Center For Contemporary Arts The Center currently boasts more than 70 regional artist members and rents ten studios. Four galleries, one devoted to photography, present 24-28 admission-free exhibits of regional art and international photography to more than 26,000 individuals each year. Stamford Welcomes You Our Friendly & Courteous Staff is always ready to help with anything you may need. The Owners of Deluxe Inn are lifetime residents of the area & personally oversee all operations of the Inn. With 32 rooms, Deluxe Inn offers a cozy place to sleep overnight, spend a few days, or just use it as a home-base to work or visit. As a part of our recent remodeling all rooms have all necessary amenities, including High Speed Internet, Color HDTV's, Cable, Small Refrigerators, Microwaves, Coffee Machine, Iron w/ Ironing Board & Hair Dryers. Deluxe Inn Stamford 1701 N Swenson St, Stamford, TX 79553 US Phone: +1-325-773-2751 Hotel   |   Specials & Packages   |   Attractions   |   Privacy Policy   |   Site Map   |   ADA Information 