Star Sapphire Group of Companies Fixed navbar Toggle navigation Home About Us Group of Companies Star Sapphire Co., Ltd. Star Sapphire Trading Co., Ltd. Star Sapphire Tour Co., Ltd. Tha Bu Mining Co., Ltd. Myanmar Business Consultant Group Ltd. Myanmar Allure Group Co., Ltd. Star Sapphire Hotel Co., Ltd. Community Service Contact Us Site Map /.nav-collapse slidshow end carousel Our Objective All the Companies under The Star Sapphire Group of Companies are incorporated under the laws of the Republic of the Union of Myanmar to carry out the following business activities. To carry out exploration, exploitation and marketing of minerals. To carry out construction works and to import machinery, spare parts and other construction materials necessary for the construction activities. To carry out business of planting, producing, harvesting, preserving, packaging, milling and manufacturing of agricultural and farm products. To carry out felling, extracting (with the permission from the authorities concerned), milling, manufacturing, preserving and seasoning of timber (excluding teak) and forest products. To carry out the business of tourism and related services. To carry out consulting and liaising services for all kind of business and also providing services for consultancy in financial evaluation, book keeping and auditing. To carry out the trading business of import and export goods for retailing and distribution. /.col-md-10 objective Group of Companies Star Sapphire Co., Ltd. This company is the parent company involved in various commercial enterprises in Republic of the Union of Myanmar. more» Star Sapphire Trading Co., Ltd. Importing and distributing commodities required in Republic of the Union of Myanmar. more» Star Sapphire Tour Co., Ltd. Carrying out tour business in Tachileik, Bagan and Naypyitaw. more» Tha Bu Mining Co., Ltd. Involving mainly in production and upgrading of Antimony ore from Tha Byu Area. more» Myanmar Business Consultant Group Ltd. Providing both technical and commercial advice required to establish business activities in Republic of the Union of Myanmar. more» Myanmar Allure Group Co., Ltd. Rendering necessary services to smoothly operate the Allure Resort. more» Star Sapphire Hotel Co., Ltd. Building a three and a half storeyed Hotel on 3.899 Acres of land in Dawei City. more» group of companies Contact Us Room (201), Building (C), Tet Ka Tho Yeik Mon Housing, New University Avenue Road, Bahan Township, Yangon. Tel:(+95)-1-551536/7/8 Fax:(+95)-1-551538 Email:starsapphiretours@gmail.com, starsapphiregroup@gmail.com /.col-md-10 address row /container Copyright © 2019 Star Sapphire Group of Companies. All Rights Reserved. Hits: 2450  |  Unique Visitors: 686 /.container 