 Devon Holidays - Self-catering Holiday Cottages in Devon UM1 Accommodation Cottages Hotels B&Bs Holiday Parks Destinations North Devon All of North Devon Appledore Barnstaple Bideford Braunton Clovelly Combe Martin Croyde Exmoor Ilfracombe Instow Lynton and Lynmouth Mortehoe South Molton Westward Ho! Woolacombe South Devon All of South Devon Beer Brixham Dartmouth Dawlish English Riviera Exmouth Noss Mayo Paignton Plymouth Salcombe Sidmouth South Hams Teignmouth Torquay Totnes Mid Devon All of Mid Devon Bovey Tracey Crediton Cullompton Dartmoor Exeter Tavistock Tiverton Topsham Handbook Join us Menu [if lte IE 9]><video style="display: none;"><![endif] [if lte IE 9]></video><![endif] DISCOVER ~WHAT MAKES DEVON DIFFERENT~ Find accommodation Cottages Hotels Bed & Breakfast Holiday Parks Find your holiday Devon holiday inspiration From the best hidden beaches and the best surfing and walking spots to some of the top restaurants and plenty of things you probably never knew about Devon, our latest guides will have you booking your Devon holiday in no time. If you fancy finding out more about this wonderful county, head over to our handbook to discover more and make the most of your next holiday in Devon. Secret North Devon Beaches Discover hidden coves and secluded beaches across North Devon Read Ultimate Summer Bucket List Thinking of taking your next holiday to Devon? Here is the ultimate bucket list of things do to! Read Family-friendly places Take a look at some of the best family-friendly spots across the county. Read Amazing Views Explore the incredible natural beauty that is on offer across Devon. Read A Local's Guide to Woolacombe Woolacombe is home to one of the best and longest unspoilt stretches of sandy beach in England. A popular resort, there's room for everybody and is handy for those that love Croyde and Ilfracombe too. Our local's guide explains all about the lovely location. Read More Top destinations North Devon South Devon Mid Devon Appledore Ilfracombe Exmoor Brixham Dartmoor Last minute cottages East Folly Farm Braunton, Devon East Folly Farm Braunton, Devon Pets Sleeps 8 | Bedrooms 4 | Pets 2 £863 - £2908 | Fri 26 Jul 19 7 nts Stags Holt Exmoor (5.5mls SW), Devon Stags Holt Exmoor (5.5mls SW), Devon Pets Sleeps 2 | Bedrooms 1 | Pets 1 £483 - £628 | Fri 26 Jul 19 7 nts Clover Close Great Torrington (4mls E), Devon Clover Close Great Torrington (4mls E), Devon Sleeps 2 | Bedrooms 1 | No pets £302 - £542 | Sat 27 Jul 19 7 nts DEVON HOLIDAYS Sandy beaches you'll long to leave footprints on, cobbled-street villages that cling to the cliffs, majestic moorland that stretches as far as the eye can see; Devon is full of magical memories just waiting to be made. A destination designed to satisfy the needs of families, couples, friends, thrillseekers, foodies and historians, Devon holidays are unlike any other. If you're after a holiday by the sea, there are plenty of coastal locations and beaches where you can enjoy a traditional British seaside escape. If it's an active retreat you want, the coast paths and inland trails offer up miles on which you can ramble to your heart's content. If you're searching for a cultural trip, why not indulge in some of the region's top restaurants, art galleries or museums? If you want to experience a great holiday in Devon, our self-catering cottages provide the perfect base for exploring this magical region. From the long sandy beaches of Woolacombe and Salcombe to beautiful stretches of coastline like the English Riviera or the enchanting Exmoor National Park, the county has so much to offer visitors. No matter your desire, you're sure to find your perfect home-from-home within our quality collection of Devon holiday cottages . Our stunning selection of holiday homes has something for everyone, so you can choose from: Coastal cottages  - Dog-friendly cottages - Luxury cottages - Large cottages - Hot tub cottages     Romantic cottages - Family-friendly cottages - Working farm cottages - Lodges - Log cabins With so many different cottages on offer, you're bound to find one to help make your Devon holiday a memorable one. Read more Things to do in Devon Devon beaches Devon is home to some of the best beaches in the UK. Surfing havens Woolacombe, Croyde Bay and Saunton Sands hug the north coast, while South Devon beaches such as Beer, Blackpool and Bantham offer hours of entertainment, exploration and enjoyment. Craving a quintessentially British seaside holiday, complete with beach huts, ice cream and amusement arcades? Westward Ho!, Paignton and Brixham are perfect for you. Prefer a more rugged stretch of coastline? Head to Lynton and Lynmouth, Burgh Island or Sidmouth, where craggy cliffs look over turquoise seas. Want to bring your four-legged friend along as well? There are many dog-friendly beaches in Devon where you can leave as many pawprints as you so wish. Read more Holiday activities There are so many things to do in Devon. From the fascinating indoor attractions to the adrenalin-fuelled watersports, via the museums, zoos and walking routes; there’s certainly something for everybody to enjoy. There are plenty of attractions for kids, including Paignton Zoo, Plymouth Aquarium and Combe Martin Wildlife and Dinosaur Park, while museums, gardens and art galleries give a more cultural insight into the county. If you’re visiting to take in the most scenic places in Devon, you’re in luck. The lavish green moors of Dartmoor and Exmoor, the historic, cliff-clinging village of Clovelly and the South West Coast Path allow you to take in the sights while filling your lungs with fresh Devon air. Read more Eating out You’ll be spoilt for choice when it comes to choosing somewhere to grab a bite to eat. Good pub food, fine dining and restaurants with a view are all on offer when you visit Devon, whilst local producers and traditional food are readily found at the multitude of markets in the region. Be sure to check out the area’s Michelin-star restaurants , including Gidleigh Park in Chagford, which is one of only a very small number of eateries holding two Michelin stars - and certainly one of the best places to eat in the region. A trip to Devon wouldn’t be complete without sampling some locally-caught fish and chips, a delicious ice cream or a cream tea - but be sure to put the cream on first, otherwise the locals will kick up a fuss! Read more USEFUL INFORMATION About us Join us Contact us Newsletter Handbook THE ESSENTIALS Terms of use FAQs Privacy Cookies Sitemap Powered by holidaycottages.co.uk Stay In Devon part of the Stay in Media Limited is registered in England and Wales. | Registered office: Travel Chapter House Gammaton Road Bideford EX39 4DF | Company No. 07391123 | VAT reg: 107706918 