Eureka Springs Cabins on Beaver Lake - Sugar Ridge Resort Reservations Reservations 1-877-498-1648 1-877-498-1648 Welcome Lodging Special Services Our Resort x Photo Gallery Policies Directions Regional Fun x Attractions Map Driving Tour Map Boat Tours Fishing & Guide Services Our Blog Lodging Our Resort Regional Fun Welcome Menu Create lifelong memories at your Sugar Ridge Resort! The lake, nearby rivers, and hills surrounding are your playground! …or gather with family and friends in a well-appointed cabin. Breathtaking views over Beaver Lake await you, as you rekindle romance… Savor the Ozark Mountain serenity and enchantment of Sugar Ridge Resort! Welcome to Sugar Ridge Resort Romantic Eureka Springs Cabins on Beaver Lake Serenity and enchantment define Sugar Ridge Resort, romantic Eureka Springs Cabins for both couples and families. Sugar Ridge Resort is perched on a mountain top in the most scenic area of the Ozark Mountains. Our Beaver Lake Resort sits on 75 acres and boasts 180 degree views of the Ozarks and Beaver Lake. There may be no better place in Arkansas to watch the sun set and recapture romance than from the private deck or in-room jetted tub of one of our cabins . Our Eureka Springs Cabins: Ten Couples’ Cabins and suites are set on one part of the ridge and two Family Cabins are situated on another part of the property – all cabins and suites enjoy the expansive views that help make Sugar Ridge such a special place. Couples will find the setting ideal for romance, while families will find the space they need to spread out and have fun. The serene setting of this Eureka Springs Resort belies its close proximity to the culture and amenities of Eureka Springs, Arkansas. Our Eureka Springs Resort is just minutes from the heart of historic downtown Eureka Springs , a charming, well-preserved Victorian town with numerous antique shops, spas, and restaurants. Regional fun  and outdoor recreation are close at hand in the adjacent 1,700-acre Dam Site Park, which features boat ramps, picnic tables, and hiking trails; Beaver Lake stretches out over 70 miles and has 449 miles of shoreline to explore – it has been called the “newest great lake of the White River”. Public access fishing areas on White River are just 1.5 miles from our Beaver Lake Arkansas Resort. Plan a vacation for the whole family or a romantic getaway for two at our Beaver Lake Arkansas Resort. Escape to Sugar Ridge Resort – how sweet it is! Recent Posts from Our Blog No Pizza Delivery to Beaver Lake? Try Breezy Charcoal-Grilled Pizza Pies Guests at Sugar Ridge Resort ask,”Is there pizza delivery to Beaver Lake or my cabin?” Officially, no pizza deliveries to Sugar Ridge are avail (Read More) You’ve Got to Love the Parades in Eureka Springs! For a small town, Eureka Springs, Arkansas is big on parades! Throngs of people line the streets to get those sweet viewing spots during festivals and (Read More) Sugar Ridge Resort 1216 CR 113 Eureka Springs , AR 72631 Phone: (479) 253-5548 Toll Free: 1-877-498-1648 Email: info@sugarridgeresort.com Privacy Policy Sitemap Log in Website by InsideOut Solutions [if lt IE 9]> <script src="//cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/html5shiv/r29/html5.min.js" defer="defer"></script> <![endif] Tweet Share phone mail book direction Share Button 