Sultan Hostel Istanbul features top cialis pas cher /.block /.region +90 212 516 92 60 BOOK NOW end .features top logo & slogan end. logo & slogan Home Rooms Facilities Travel Location Restaurant & Pub Gallery Contact Sultan Hostel Be Smart, Stay Smart Check-in Staying for 1 night 2 nights 3 nights 4 nights 5 nights 6 nights 7 nights 8 nights 9 nights 10 nights 11 nights 12 nights 13 nights 14 nights 15 nights 16 nights 17 nights 18 nights 19 nights 20 nights 21 nights Adults per room 1 adult 2 adults 3 adults 4 adults 5 adults 6 adults 7 adults 8 adults 9 adults 10 adults Children per room no children 1 child 2 children 3 children Availability Search /.block /.region Welcome to Sultan Hostel Our mission is to provide comfortable, stylish, convenient and affordable accommodation in Istanbul at a price that can't be beat. Our location is designed with the backpacker in mind. From our 24-hour reception to security lockers , we have everything you need to enjoy your stay and feel comfortable. Sultan hostel is the only hostel where you can watch rugby games live on big screen TV and also English premier league in English. Our hostel is also regularly health and safety checked by the local governments. If you have not satisfied with your stay for any reasons, we take your comments and suggestions seriously. We encourage you to speak to your dedicated and highly-trained staff to help us improve our hostel. We will work our hardest to make it a pleasant stay, whether one night or a month! As part of the Youth Hostel Association and the International Youth Hostel Federation, we offer a discounted price to members. We are right in the heart of a young, international area full of shops, cafes, restaurants and bars, this YHA property buzzes with action. We are the perfect stop on your backpacker trail of Istanbul. Our rooms are with or without Bathroom and Breakfast Included. Our hostel is centrally located in Sultanahmet and is just a few minutes walk from all the major attractions. On our big screen TV.You can watch the latest movies and watch all sports activitivies including, Rugby, Premier League, Tennis, golf. Some of our facilities are; Reasonable prices, Clean comfortable rooms, 24 hour piping hot water, No curfew, Friendly, helpful English speaking staff, Great food, Relaxed Bar, Lockers for your valuables. Free internet access, wireless internet, home tether, free towels, breakfast included, travel agency, sea view terrace in summer The Fez Bus drops off and picks up from the Sultan Hostel !! The Sultan Hostel is a short walk to all the main sights including, the Blue Mosque, Hagia Sophia, the Underground Cistern, the Grand Bazaar and Topkapi Palace. /.block /.region Our Services /.block /.region /.block Quad Room 48 € Starting from Triple Room 42 € Starting from Twin Room 38 € Starting from Double Room 38 € Starting from Single Room 32 € Starting from Dorm Room 12 € Starting from /.block /.region Travel Form Start Travel Form Start About us Our mission is to provide comfortable, stylish, convenient and affordable accommodation in Istanbul at a price that can't be beat. Our location is designed with the backpacker in mind and only couple of minutes walk to the touristic places including ; Blue Mosque, Topkapı Palace, Hagia Sophia, Underground Cistern, Grand Bazar etc. From our 24-hour reception to security lockers , we have everything you need to enjoy your stay and feel comfortable. /.block /.region Latest Comments start scroll We had a wonderful time with our street orchestra, during our 2013 Istanbul tour. One whole spotless week, with a perfect, friendly and attentive staff, good food, and a great location. It has really added a lot to our pleasure, thank you guys!! Thank you for your kindness ! I will come back during my next trip in Istanbul ! end scroll /.block /.region Stay in touch Stay informed on our latest news! Enter your e-mail and subscribe to our newsletter. E-mail * /.block /.region Recommended By /.block Sultan Hostel - Be Smart, Stay Smart... Copyright © 2014 Sultan Hostel, Inc. All Rights Reserved. /.block /.region 