Boutique Hotel - Sunny side Bed & Breakfast in Ottawa, Canada EN Translate: Close to Carleton University, Downtown, Lansdowne, Dows Lake, Airport & Rideau Canal. Sunnyside Bed & Breakfast in Ottawa, Canada 613.656.1234 Home Availability Calendar More Home Availability Calendar EN Home Availability Calendar SIGN OUT Stay in A Comfortable B&B / boutique hotel Come to your best home away from home! An area separate from the resident owners provides privacy yet security is maintained. Book Now Welcome Located on a quiet tree lined street in downtown Ottawa, Canada's Capital. Sunnyside Bed and Breakfast is a very clean, 2 room, real B&B. Features are 1 Queen bed & private 4 piece en-suite bathroom in each of the 2 rooms. We are a traditional family-run Bed and Breakfast where the owners live in the same building. A delightful retreat on the sunny side of the street. Book Now About Us Breakfast Enjoy a complimentary breakfast of freshly baked healthy muffins, bowl of fresh fruit, yogurt, fresh premium orange juice and a choice of hot drinks. The lounge is available in the afternoon for guests to relax with a book and tea or coffee.  Amenities We offer a variety of amenities to make your stay with us as comfortable as possible. Free parking, Internet TV & Apps are available in every room!  We provide complimentary high-speed internet access and fltered water.  Guests have access to fridge, microwave, cutlery and dishes. We will wash & sanitize all! The leading zero carbon footprint B&B of all other Bed and Breakfasts, hotels and airbnbs in Ottawa and beyond.  Location Located downtown, just south of Centertown in a quiet, desirable family neighbourhood on a tree lined Avenue. It's a delightful retreat on the sunny side of the street.  Want real luxury, book both rooms to ensure the ultimate privacy in your own 2 bedroom suite! Better than a hotel, boutique hotel and airbnb Contact Us Sunnyside Bed & Breakfast in Ottawa, Canada 197 Hopewell Avenue, Ottawa, Ontario, k1s2z4, Canada 613.656.1234 Price List Rooms Pacific Room 100 / night* One queen bed, Internet television, full bath. Has space for a cot.   Lower level room with a 6'3" ceiling. Atlantic Room 120 / night* One queen bed, Internet television, full bath    Main floor See booking for exact pricing as we do unfortunately have high priced seasons *based on single occupancy (additional person $20), weekday & low season. There is also a 17% fee for (CMA) Comparable Marketing Adjustment Fee. Terms and Conditions: Pets can not be accommodated at Sunnyside B&B unfortunately. Smoking, candles, incense and perfume are not permitted any where on our property please.  Damages for transgressions will be recovered starting at $250. per incident. $20.00 extra for Late check-out (after 10 am) and/or Early (before 3 pm) check-in and/or Late (after 9 pm) check-in. Weekly (10%) & Monthly (15%) discounts are available. Discounted rates are not entitled to the breakfast amenity! A charge of $20 / hour or part thereof may be charged for variation from the provided check-in time.  Communication of changes may mitigate this charge. Please understand we are not a Travel insurance company or a travel agent and ask for your understanding on our pricing and cancellation policies.  Advertised prices are for marketing and are much higher in curb and area high occupancy seasons. Cancellation Policy:  All bookings are a firm commitment by you. Full amount is due upon booking.  Credit Card will be charged full amount with your credit card company.  Upon notification from you by any means of a change or cancellation of your booking we will immediately make the room(s) available and if a replacement guest for your room is found a service fee of $25.00 per night only will be charged.  We can not guarantee your room availability, after notification, if your plans do change again. Copyright © 2019 Sunnyside Bed & Breakfast in Ottawa, Canada - All Rights Reserved. Home Availability Calendar 