Sunriver Vacation Rental 3 Bedroom 2 Bath Sleeps 8 (503) 698-4104 Private Hot Tub By Owner Sunriver Vacation Rental Home By Owner Lodge Home For Rent Mt Bachelor 3 Bedroom 2 Bath Sleeps 8 Private Hot Tub Family Home Rental (503) 698-4104 Sunriver Pine Lodges Sunriver Lodge Home For Rent Mt Bachelor Vacation Home 3 Bedroom 2 Bathroom - Sleeps 8 (503) 698-4104 Click here to see ~ Rates  ~  Contact Us  ~  Sunriver Rentals By Owner FAMILY FRIENDLY! Private Sunriver Home w/Community Pool & Spa Minutes To Mt. Bachelor Ski Resort some minimum stay requirements apply 3 Bedroom, 2 Baths Sleeps 8 **please contact us 4 exact holiday rates Walk to the Sunriver mall shops, waterpark, pool, bike path and river ... Todd Lane Lodge Home Beautiful Sunriver vacation rental located minutes from the Mt. Bachelor Ski Area. The lodge home for rent by owner, is an ideal family accommodation with plump designer furnishings, river-rock fireplace and ideal location within walking distance of the Sunriver Mall and Central Oregon's Deschutes River. 5/Out of 5-Stars Sunriver Envy "Deb and Rob, Just a quick note to say thank-you for making your Sunriver home available to Shannon, the boys and I recently. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay, it was very comfortable, clean, and neat, and we loved the decor. We also appreciated how well equipped it was and enabled us to do all kinds of fun things, ranging from baking to biking. We would definitely seek to stay there again on our next trip (which at this time is much too far away). Thanks again!" (Todd and Shannon) ..."if my memory is correct, I believe you said you were heading to SR on the 20th, which means your there now, for which we are both totally envious!" 5/Out of 5-Stars We all LOVED the house! "My husband and I stayed here with his mother and her husband, This was their introduction to Central Oregon and Sunriver (they are from Ohio). We all LOVED the house! So wonderfully appointed, spacious and yet with a cozy cabin feel. The amenities were wonderful (the bikes were all in great condition and this was really important since we all are avid riders) and made our stay all the more pleasant and relaxing. When we had a problem with the WiFi (it turned out we didnt have an ethernet cable oops) the owner was very helpful and even called us back to see if our problem had been resolved! I loved the cozy furniture....so comfortable you didnt want to move. The kitchen had everything and it was all quality down to the last wine glass. There were deer that visited everyday as well as Stellar jays and grey squirrels. All in all we would highly recommend this house to anyone who wants a memorable stay in Sunriver! " (Judith and Jeff - Springfield, OR) Todd Lane Sunriver lodge home is a spacious family rental, minutes from the DesChutes River and Mt. Bachelor Ski Area. Beautifully furnished with white washed pine cabinets and vaulted ceilings, the 3 bedroom vacation rental includes lots of private owner amenities such as, top of the line furnishings and a covered, private hot tub on the large, back deck. 5/Out of 5-Stars Wonderful, Wonderful! "Deb and Rob, Thank you so much for our relaxing four days. We had a wonderful time and that house has everything you could ever need or want for a wonderful vacation. We took your advise and ate lunch at Jackson's Corner on the way down and a late breakfast on our way home today. It was wonderful. Last night we had a fabulous meal at Southend Bistro. (definitely going back there!!) The rest of our meals we enjoyed preparing in the well stocked kitchen. Deb, you were right , we didn't want to come home. The weather was gorgeous, the deer entertaining and we spent many hours enjoying your backyard (reading and chatting). Thank you again!" (Joyce and Carla) PS: Rob can you come organize my garage - yours is great !!! This professionally decorated home is surrounded in pine woods yet, within walking distance of the river, mall, tennis court, community pool and more. Great for kids! 5/Out of 5-Stars Wonderful, Wonderful! "Deb and Rob, Thank you for allowing us to rent your Sunriver home. We enjoyed our stay very much! Your information, communication ahead of time about the house and the surrounding area enabled us to prepare for our trip ver knowledgably. Thank you very much! The openness of your house with the kitchen, dining & living room all connected made it possible for some of us to be reading while others were playing a game at the table, and still others were preparing a meal and yet feel like we were all in the same room. That was very nice! Thank you for all of the furnishings and the amenities of your home for our use. During our stay we ate a delicious steak dinner served hot off the gas grill, we soothed our tired skiing muscles in the hot tub, we pedalled down the quiet Sunriver paths using your bicycles, we often warmed ourselves by the gas fireplace and we relaxed watching evening videos on the large TV screen. Thank yiou very much! There was certainly plenty to do in and around Sunriver, so we never lacked for enjoyable activities. Our time at Mt. Bachelor was vey nice and we are still amazed at the 30 min. drive dor-to-door! All in all, we had a wonderful family vacation!" Thank you for your kindness," (Jim for all) PS: Thank you for refunding our deposit so promptly! The fully equipped kitchen features gourmet appliances including; refrigerator, dishwasher, range - oven, microwave, coffee maker, blender, toaster along with plenty of cookware, dishes and utensils. Ideal for family reunions in Central Oregon, this comfortable home includes a large rear deck with lounge furnishings, gas BBQ grill and covered hot tub. Sometimes an occasional visitor may drop by... 5/Out of 5-Stars Immaculate! "We have been renting homes in Sunriver for many years and few compare with this one. From the moment you step into the house, you feel like you really are on vacation. The house is furnished and appointed as one would if you lived there year round. It is immaculate. The kitchen is stocked with every utensil and gadget one could desire. The rooms are spacious and are decorated to perfection. Every morning and evening we sat on the back deck in great Adirondack chairs and watched the deer walk by. Do yourself a favor and just rent this property once....you will come back again and again. " Kari and Ken - Lake Oswego, Or Large private Sunriver vacation rental home features a private hot tub and outdoor barbecue grill for family fun year round! Each bedroom is outfitted with fine bedding, top of the line furnishings and a private TV with a DVD or VCR. The master bedroom features a king-sized bed, full bathroom and private entrance to the deck and hot tub. 5/Out of 5-Stars We Loved This Home and Plan To Go Back! "We found this home to be perfect. They have decorated it beautifully and everthing was top quality and matched. The kitchen was stocked to perfection and the fireplace made it so warm and cozy. We loved this home and plan to go back. Thanks Rob and Debbie! " Doug and Cindy Portland, Or The queen sized guestroom includes a private TV/DVD, designer linens and decorative throws and comforters. The 3 bedroom Sunriver lodge home also includes, two twin beds in the 3rd guest room and a private TV and VCR. Mt. Bachelor & Sunriver Private Lodge Home Perfect Family Lodging Click here to see the ... Mt. Bachelor: Bend Oregon Ski Resorts and Snowboarding Area - Oregon's Mt. Bachelor for skiing, snowboarding, cross country and snowshoeing in the Bend, Sunriver, Sisters, Central Oregon area. Resort also features a tubing park, halfpipe and the highest restaurants in the Northwest. amenities... 1 King Master Bedroom 1 Queen Guestroom 2 Twins Guestroom 1 Queen Sized Sofa Bed Designer Bedding & Furnishings Cable TV, VCR or DVD, all Bedrooms Gourmet Kitchen Top of the Line Appliances, Cookware & Knives Large Dining Table w/Extra Counter Seating River Rock Fireplace Air Conditioning Stereo w/Large Library Private Back Yard Private Covered Hot Tub Large Deck BBQ Grill Bikes w/Helmets Tennis Racquets Additional Off Street Parking Passes to SHARC Center (swim & tennis entry) Walk To Sunriver Mall Steps To Tennis Walk To The Deschutes River Sunriver Pine Lodges' Todd Lane Holiday Rental 3 Bedroom 2 Bath Sleeps 8 Labor Day 2018 Memorial Day 2019 3-night minimum $200 Thanksgiving, Christmas & New Year's 4-night minimum $250 Memorial Day 2019 Labor Day 2019 5-night minimum $250 Memorial Day, Labor Day and Spring Vacation 2018 $200 nightly, 5 nite min. Contact us for specials and weekly rates. All rates are subject to change, 9.8% Oregon State Tax $105 cleaning charges & $300 security deposit. (DCCA 819) No Pets ~ No Smoking View Larger Map Sunriver Pine Lodge Rob & Debbie Gilbo Fine Lodge Home 3 Bedroom Mt Bachelor Vacation Rental 3 Bedroom 2 Bath Todd Lane Sunriver, Oregon 97707 By Owner Directly phone... (503) 698-4104 email... Sunriver Pine Lodges Be sure to mention JOY@lodging4vacations.com when you respond to this ad Contact Form First & Last Name Email Address Daytime Phone Evening Phone City, State and Country Number of Guests & Ages of Children Your Arrival Date & Expected Length of Stay Second Choice of Arrival Dates Comments, Questions and FAST Answers about Availability... Snowshoeing Sunriver Mt Bachelor Welcome to Wanderlust Tours! Bend and Sunriver Oregon canoeing snowshoeing hiking sightseeing nature tours Mt. Bachelor Ski Area Central Oregon and Deschutes National Forest Links Remember to 'send off' the contact form above, before you click away on these fun and informational links below.... Sunriver's Sage Springs Club and Spa brings a state-of-the-art athletic club and premier spa to the Heart and Soul of the Great Northwest. Sunriver Resort’s Sage Springs Club & Spa is where vitality springs to life. Enjoy a massage, facial, pedicure, body treatment, or experience one of our signature services. Sage Springs also houses an excellent workout and indoor tennis facility. Fly fishing for Deschutes River Rainbow Trout, by Deke Meyer extends for 100 miles from Pelton Dam by the town of Warm Springs (about 10 miles west of the town of Madras) to its junction with the Columbia River east of the town of The Dalles... ~~~~~~~ More Links of Interest Click here to see more... Lodging4Vacations' Sunriver & Mt. Bachelor Vacation Rental Homes Click here to see more... Lodging4Vacations' Northwestern Vacation Rentals Private Homes and Condos click here to advertise... design by joytracy.com copyright 2005-2020 