855.735.7669 | Sunrise Park Resort body start html embeds start body start html embeds end Summer Passes Events Current Weather Book A Room Contact FAQ Summer More 855.735.7669 Open 9am - 4pm Daily Sunrise Park Resort Dagot´ee  |  Welcome  |  Bienvenido Live Cams FAQ We're Hiring Winter Summer PASSES Top of Page Greetings S Social Summer Intro Summer Summer Events Sponsors Subscribe S 1/8 MBAA Sunrise Enduro Mountain Bike Race September 15 ?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"? Enduro Info Let the begin! fun summer Winters here rock! But some would say that summers here are even better! Yep, Sunrise Park Resort has everything you need to beat the heat and entertain the entire family! Want an adventure? We offer Arizona's only lift-served mountain bike trails, an air bag jump, super slide, bungee jump, and rock wall. We also have Arizona's longest zipline - woo hoo! We even have a bouncy house for the little ones.   Want something more low key? Try archery, disc golf, a relaxing hike or scenic lift ride. We also have marina rentals: single & double kayaks, canoes, row boats and paddle boats. Fishing is great here - did someone say trout?!   Can't decide on just one activity? That's ok! You can get the All Day Explorer's Pass (for ages 5 and over) which includes unlimited scenic lift, super slide, air bag, bungee jump and rock wall. When the day is done retreat to the Sunrise Park Lodge and soak your bones in the hot tub, play in the pool, grab a cocktail and bite to eat. Then watch the geese fly at sunset over Sunrise Lake and bring your camera to snap photos of elk, antelope and majestic eagles. You never know what you will see in these beautiful White Mountains! ​ Be sure to check our Event Calendar because it's full of adventures you won't want to miss! What's   New ? Summer Events July 1-31 WINTER SEASON PASS SALE September 2 LABOR DAY September 15 ENDURO MOUNTAIN BIKE RACE Let's Get Social Share your Sunrise memories by #hashtagging us onYOUR Instagram Feed & Facebook! #ItsCoolerHere #SunriseParkResort #WMAT Be a Sunrise VIP Owned and Operated by the White Mountain Apache Tribe 200 Highway 273 Greer, Arizona  85927 Be A Sunrise VIP! info@sunriseskipark.com 855.735.SNOW (7669) Love Sunrise Park Resort? Share the LOVE on Yelp! Privacy Policy Terms of Use Cookie Policy Created by Cosmic Concepts © 2019 by Sunrise Park Resort No Footer body end html embeds start body end html embeds end 