Sunset Center - Family Vacation Destination Sunset Center - Family Vacation Destination (989) 573-0459 Home Ice House Sun House Area Information Policies Contact Us More Home Ice House Sun House Area Information Policies Contact Us Home Ice House Sun House Area Information Policies Contact Us Sunset Center - South Haven -  "Sunset Center" is an adjacent pair of family vacation houses located in the town of South Haven, Michigan. click here to Inquire Houses on the Property Sun House  The "Sun House" is a 6 bedroom, 4 bathroom vacation home featuring a private gated 15x30 heated swimming pool, 6 person outdoor hot tub, shared playscape, and wooded ravine lot. The property is an easy 4 block walk down the sidewalk to South Beach, Kid's Corner, and downtown shopping and dining. Ice House  The "Ice House" is a renovated 6 bedroom, 3.5 bathroom vacation home featuring a private gated 24 foot heated swimming pool, 6 person outdoor hot tub, shared playscape, and wooded ravine lot.  The property is an easy 4 block walk down the sidewalk to South Beach, Kid's Corner, and downtown shopping and dining. Overview Perfect Family Vacation Site  "Sunset Center" is an adjacent pair of family vacation houses located in the town of South Haven, Michigan.  The 2 renovated, family-oriented homes are just a short walk down the sidewalk to the beach, Kid's Corner, and downtown South Haven.  Each house separately has six (6) bedrooms, outdoor hot tub, heated swimming pool (seasonal), fenced yard, free wireless internet connection, free long distance telephone, computer, cable TVs, DVD/VCRs, and shared playscape.   Rent the homes separately or if you need more space, you can rent both properties,  conveniently located right next door.  For rates, availability, pictures, and more information on each of the properties, click on the links above.  Contact Us Make an Inquiry or Simply Ask a Question First Name* Last Name* Email* Phone Number Number of Adults* Number of Children* Date of Arrival* Date of Departure* Send This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Sunset Center (989) 573-0459 Copyright © 2018 Sunset Center - All Rights Reserved. Powered by GoDaddy GoCentral Website Builder 