Daytona Beach Hotels | Official Site | Sun Viking Lodge Sun Viking Lodge Home Rooms Special Offers Gallery About Us Overview Our Guests Amenities Overview Activities Program Holiday Activites Viking Kafe Daytona Beach Overview Local Events Map Reservations: (800) 815-2846 Check In Check Out Adults Adults 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 Children Children 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 Promo Code Book Now !#content !.top-content A Family-Friendly Oceanfront Resort in Daytona Beach Daytona Beach’s Top Spot for Fun in the Sun Whether you’re looking for a quick weekend getaway or an extended Florida vacation, our resort warmly welcomes you to a beautiful, quiet section of the beach on Daytona’s Barrier Island. Choose from our selection of rooms, suites, and cottages, many with a full kitchen. Enjoy our oceanfront location, a full schedule of free on-property activities, and all the benefits of an affordable beachfront vacation! a better stay starts on our website Free Wi-Fi Free Self-Parking Best Rate Guarantee Reasons to stay 60 Foot Waterslide Bring the family for a fun day at the pool filled with laughter and moments worth remembering! Learn More Reasons to stay Indoor + Outdoor Pools Soak up the Florida sun at our outdoor heated pool or relax in the heated indoor garden pool where there is less sun but plenty of fun for the entire family! Learn More Reasons to stay Family-Friendly + Family Owned As owners of the Sun Viking Lodge, we have welcomed many families as our guests for over 48 years. We’ve become part of many family traditions, a place where many photos and lasting memories are made. Learn More Reasons to stay Activities Program At the Sun Viking Lodge, there’s always something going on. Whether you’re traveling with a grandparent, as a couple or with family, there’s an activity for you! Learn More Learn More Reasons to stay Beachfront Location Visit the World’s Most Famous Beach and walk the white sand beaches along the coast. Enjoy the Florida sun and don’t forget to play in the ocean, surf, and experience parasailing. Learn More Rooms, Suites & Cottages Daytona Beach's Top Family-Friendly rooms Choose the right accommodations for you and your family from our selection of guest rooms, suites, and cottages. View More !.home-specials Specials Affordable Beachside Dreams Weekday deals! Play and swim all day... all summer long! Enjoy Florida’s flattest beach on Daytona’s Barrier Island. Stay Sundays through Thursdays and SAVE BIG! Click below for great deals! Book Now View All Specials Book Direct Get the Best Rate Guaranteed Nothing beats booking directly with Sun Viking Lodge! Book Now View All Specials Stay 3 nights or longer Get complimentary welcome gift We offer complimentary beach towels and a family-friendly environment.   Book Now View All Specials TripAdvisor Reviews SUCH a fun little gem on Daytona Beach! We are a FL family and we made a quick trip to the beach and absolutely loved our first (but not last!) stay at the Sun Viking Lodge! I love the convenience of a kitchen and dining table in the room. The outdoor pool with the water slide was a huge hit, the hot tub in the covered gazebo, the indoor pool and even the shallow kiddie pool were perfect for our family of 6 to enjoy. There were activities for kids and a movie night while we were there. Our room was clean and fully stocked and we will definitely be back! - KBFL556 Awesome hotel! AMAZING service and staff! Our room was on the 8th floor facing the ocean. The room was very clean and ready for us to check in early (thank you for accommodating!!) The pools were very clean, the grounds well maintained and the beach access VERY convenient. The staff were very friendly and helpful. The kids had a great time during a craft making activity held by the hotel. This place is AWESOME and an excellent value, especially when traveling with two smaller children. We will be back for sure! - thomasjsutton Never Ceases to Amaze This is a family friendly hotel and we always run into other guests that we have met over the years - now often visiting with grown children and their small children. I couldn't give this hotel a higher recommendation. - traveler460 Perfect!! Family of 5 stayed for our spring break. Great location, wonderful, extremely helpful staff!! For the price, would be hard to find a better place to stay. Indoor pool was wonderful, and my kids enjoyed the slide on the outdoor pool. But the absolute best part was my parking directly in front of my room!! I’ve stayed in many hotels and never had parking so close. Makes it so convenient with loading and unloading. Will definitely be back!! - Weare4Marshall Awesome Property, amenities, location and staff Love this place it is my new home away from home in Daytona Beach. I have stayed in the Rooms and in the Cottages across the street and both were in well maintained, extremely clean and extremely comfortable. The rooms at the beach are great value for the location and the amenities, and the 2 and 3 bedroom cottages across the street are awesome for a family or large group to have a actual house of their own with all the comforts of home as well as still having the amenities at the hotel as well. - Dennis C. Review Us On Property Activities A full selection of activities, from beach competitions to bingo fun, is available to you during your stay at our oceanfront resort. Learn More @sunvikinglodge Our Guests Tell It Best Instagram Gallery 1 Instagram Gallery 2 Instagram Gallery 3 Instagram Gallery 4 Instagram Gallery 5 Instagram Gallery 6 Instagram Gallery 7 MAP & ATTRACTIONS Daytona Beach You’ll never be bored during your family vacation to Daytona's coastal Barrier Island. Explore the ocean, visit the Daytona International Speedway, or tour a chocolate factory while on your beachside get-a-way! EXPLORE MAP / #content Sign Up for Exclusive Offers <script defer src="https://sunviking.com/frontend/includes/js/jquery-validate/jquery.validate.min.js"></script> <script defer src="https://sunviking.com/frontend/includes/js/jquery-validate/additional-methods.min.js"></script> Thank you for your interest. Hidden Field Enter Your Name Enter Your Email Address Privacy Policy agreement I have read and agree to the Privacy Policy . Yes, I would like to receive emails with exclusive specials and offers. Sign Up Social Icons Follow us facebook instagram Best Rate Guarantee Blog Contact Us 2411 S. Atlantic Avenue, Daytona Beach, FL 32118 Toll Free: (800) 815-2846 Phone: (386) 252-6252 Fax: (386) 252-5463 info@sunviking.com Privacy Policy Accessibility Sitemap © 2019 Sun Viking Lodge. All Rights Reserved. Hotel Website Design By Tambourine CLOSE START CONTENT Global jQuery libraries SPECIFIC CLIENT JQUERY SCRIPTS POPUP SCRIPT ?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"? Generator: Adobe Illustrator 15.1.0, SVG Export Plug-In . SVG Version: 6.00 Build 0) <script src="https://sunviking.com/frontend/includes/js/jquery-validate/jquery.validate.min.js"></script> Leaving so soon? Rest assured, booking direct provides the best rates. Sign up to receive special offers & discounts. Name Email Address Sign Up I have read and accepted the privacy policy Yes, I would like to receive emails with exclusive specials and offers Thank You CUSTOM SCRIPTS TO ALL PAGES | NORMALLY USED FOR PIXEL TRACKING AND OTHER THIRD PARTY SCRIPTS Google Tag Manager (noscript) End Google Tag Manager (noscript) 