Tahiti Tourisme | Bora Bora, Tahiti, Moorea & Tahitian | Islands of Tahiti Google Tag Manager (noscript) End Google Tag Manager (noscript) Artboard 1 Artboard 1 Experience Experience Experience back Popular Experiences Festivals & Events Diving & Snorkeling Romance Outdoors Culture Cruises & Sailing Shopping Traditional Cuisine The Islands The Islands The Islands back Explore The Islands of Tahiti Society Islands Society Islands back Tahiti Bora Bora Moorea Huahine Tetiaroa Raiatea Taha'a Tupai Maupiti Society Islands Tuamotu Islands Tuamotu Islands back Rangiroa Tikehau Manihi Fakarava Other Tuamotu Islands Tuamotu Islands Gambier Islands (Mangareva) Marquesas Islands Austral Islands Find Accommodations Things to Do Restaurants The Islands of Tahiti Plan Your Trip Plan Your Trip Plan Your Trip back Plan Your Trip Overview Find a Tahiti Specialist Find Accommodations Getting to Tahiti Visas & Entries Itineraries Weather Weddings Frequently Asked Questions Vacation Packages Vacation Packages Vacation Packages back Vacation Specials Honeymoon Packages Family Packages Cruise Packages Diving Packages Guesthouse Packages Sailing Packages Today's Amazing Deals Artboard 1 Newsletter Signup Find Accommodations Book Book Your Vacation Book Your Vacation Select how you'd like to start planning your trip to The Islands of Tahiti . Create Your Dream Vacation PLAN YOUR VACATION Vacation Packages BROWSE OPTIONS Welcome to The Islands of Tahiti 'Ia ora na e manava Pick Your Paradise Choose your own virtual adventure through the diversity of The Islands of Tahiti . Explore the many dualities to unlock a custom itinerary of your digital path through paradise on. Learn more Authentic Experiences View All outdoors Tahiti Surf Learn about the best Tahiti surf spots on the islands of Tahiti, Moorea and the rest of The Islands of Tahiti as well as information about surf seasons, wave heights and breaks. Learn more about surfing The Islands of Tahiti. outdoors Tahiti Coral Tahiti coral reefs are colorful undersea gardens in the turquoise blue waters of French Polynesia that are home to more than 1,000 species of vibrant fish and marine life. Corals, mollusks, and algae also call these beautiful coral reefs their home. See the colorful coral reefs of The Islands of Tahiti.. culture Tahitian Dance Costumes Tahitian dance costumes vary depending on what type of dance is being performed. Tahitian costumes tell the story of Tahitian culture and heritage and the expertly choreographed dances performed during their events or ‘heiva’ tell the story of their ancestors. 118 Islands Located in the Pacific Ocean, The Islands of Tahiti are a mythical destination. The mention of Tahiti calls to mind visions of an idyllic island paradise and once you visit, you'll discover that your imagination isn't too off the mark. Explore The Islands Vacation Packages View All from $2,699 10 Days of Tranquility in Tahiti and Tikehau from $3,799 Adventure in the Marquesas w/Breakfast and Dinner from $2,996 Tahiti and Tikehau Discovery Plan Your Trip Find Your Experience The Islands of Tahiti have unique experiences for every state of mind Discover the islands Explore 118 islands spread over five great Archipelagos Book Your Vacation Create your dream vacation with the help from a Tahiti Specialist Get your free visitor guides Read an insider's guide to The Islands of Tahiti Download Now Sign up for Newsletters and Offers From The Islands of Tahiti and Our Partners Subscribe to Newsletter Tahiti Tourisme About Us Media Resources Find a Tahiti Specialist Other Sites Travel Agents Tahiti Incentives Tahiti Specialist Conference Our Offices Head Office Regional Offices Contact Us Stay connected United States Canada New Zealand Australia United Kingdom France Belgique Suisse Polynésie française España América del Sur Italia Brasil Deutschland 한국 中国 日本 Copyright © 2019 Tahiti Tourisme / Privacy Policy / Destination website design by Noble Studios We use cookies to help us improve, promote, and protect our services. By continuing to use the site, you agree to our cookie policy. 