tao - explorers wanted TAO - explorers wanted Toggle navigation our story map map choose experience tao community apply now travel info TAO EXPERIENCE PALAWAN Boat Expeditions and Island Retreats apply now Your browser does not support the video tag. read the full story Our Story It began as an adventure exploration on an old fishing boat on a 200km route in the remote villages of northern Palawan. This long unplanned journey led us to live with many families and meet young islanders, harness solid relationships and connect as a community. We started with home stay and offered unsuspecting travelers a raw experience of undiscovered islands hosted by our families. In 2006 we formed a nomadic group of adventurers, business planners, boatmen, young fisherman and builders to develop a social enterprise with island communities as partners. We named it Tao, which means human in our language. The trips and adventures did not need advertising, news of this extraordinary journeys spread fast through word of mouth. Every year we grew, more families, women’s group and farmers but mostly young fishermen who witnessed the decline of their lifeline, fishing. Today, Tao is a community of over 200 islanders working with passion and a sense of pride, welcoming worldly travelers from all over the globe. Despite all the changes, we are here to stay, a working example of a resilient community. Explorers Wanted! We invite you to experience the beauty of the Philippines through its people and culture. PLAY VIDEO "Tao is perhaps the highlight of any trip to Palawan… Such a trip offers a rare opportunity to experience and interact with people and communities in the area, unmediated by the mass tourism industry." Choose Your Experience Join us on a journey to discover the raw beauty of the Philippines. 5 Day / 4 Night Tao Experience Coron to El Nido or vice versa from $545 pp apply now 3 Day / 2 Night Express Tao Experience Coron to El Nido or vice versa from $390 pp apply now 7 Day / 6 Night Ultimate Tao Experience Coron to El Nido or vice versa from $690 pp Coming soon 5 Day / 4 Night Sailing Tao Expedition Coron to El Nido or vice versa from $690 pp apply now 3 Day / 2 Night Private Tao Experience El Nido returning to El Nido from $1630 pp apply now 1 Day El Nido Bay Safari El Nido returning to El Nido from $50 pp coming soon 3 Day / 2 Night Camp Ngey! Ngey! Tao Island, Busuanga from $300 pp apply now 3 Day / 2 Night Tao Beach Farm El Nido, Palawan from $300 pp apply now "Tao is perhaps the highlight of any trip to Palawan… Such a trip offers a rare opportunity to experience and interact with people and communities in the area, unmediated by the mass tourism industry." What does TAO mean? TAO MEANS HUMAN IN THE FILIPINO LANGUAGE. We are your hosts, this is our home. Involving as many people as possible, Tao is an extended family, encouraging and empowering each other to use our inherent island skills to offer travellers a personal insight into life in a tropical archipelago. watch video Tao Kalahi Foundation We believe in a new social movement, a progress that accounts for a positive return to society. Through our research, education and examples, the Tao Foundation aims to prove that there are many ways in which every Filipino can benefit and share in the opportunities that tourism brings. BAMBOO ARCHITECTURE HOW WE GROW OUR OWN BUILDINGS Through our Bamboo research and construction we have found ways to create lightweight, strong, resilient buildings using local bamboo varieties preserved using salt water alone. read more EDUCATION is the SOLUTION FOCUS ON THE NEXT GENERATION The Tao Acdemy was set up by the Tao Kalahi foundation to train and empower young islanders to be proud of their way of life and proud to welcome you as their guest. read more BUILDING A NATIVE SAILBOAT CAPTURING THE POWER OF THE WIND We constructed the Tao PARAW - a 72ft sailing bangka, its a relic of Filipino Culture and heritage using almost extinct knowledge. read more WOMEN'S ASSOCIATION ECONOMIC EMPOWERMENT  The aim of the "Tao Womens Association" is to provide opportunities to local women to earn an additional income from the tao project. read more RETURN TO NATURAL FARMING food for the future Here in the islands life is based on fishing- an industry under threat from fish stock collapse due to overfishing. How will we feed ourselves and our guests when there is no more fish?  read more This journey is not for everyone. Before applying to take part in this experience you [and everyone in your group] must understand that what Tao offers is not a tour or a hotel. This is a journey to the most remote islands in Palawan. We love it, but we understand that it is not everyone's idea of a good time... ... is it yours? apply now TAO TRAVEL INFORMATION Here you will find answers to your questions about joining the Tao experience and traveling in the Philippines. Contacts and Bookings General Enquires Payments and Cash Cancellation policy Rebooking Policy Travel Agency Booking Emergency Contact Press and Media Preparations Check-in and briefing Packing List & Luggage Electricity and Charging Batteries Passport and Visa Requirements Cash in Palawan Traveling to Palawan to Coron Fast Ferry to El Nido Departure and Arrival Times Where to stay? Travelling with Children Planning Your Itinerary Health and Safety Taking Care of Yourself Malaria, Mosquitos & Sandflies Safety and Security in the Region Seasickness Dietary Requirements Alcohol and drinking Further Information Weather Snorkeling and Swimming Diving Options Our Boats and Crew Sleeping Arrangements Toilet and Shower Food Onboard Cultural etiquette, locals and the villages Our Recommendations Manila Stay Coron Stay El Nido Stay Mountain North Luzon Danjugan Island Negros © 2017 by TAO Philippines Imprint & Disclaimer Design and Realisation by ALEKS & SHANTU GmbH Share this page: 