Valle Crucis Lodging | banner elk bed and breakfast | Valle Crucis BB body start html embeds start body start html embeds end Taylor House Inn   Bed & Breakfast     Valle Crucis , North Carolina   Check in as a Guest, Leave as a Friend   1-800-963 5581 1-828 963 5581 call now Home Rooms & Rates Weddings Location Contact About Us Policies Gift-Certificates Photo Gallery Specials Attractions More Gift-Certificates Taylor House Inn 4584 Hwy 194 South Banner Elk NC 28604 © 2019 by Taylor House Inn B&B Historic Valle Crucis. ​(800) 963-5581 or (828) 963-5581 Taylor House Inn Bed&Breakfast Taylor House Inn front porch Taylor House Inn Post 1/18 Our Property   Thatched roofs, country styling, hectares of property to wander and discover. Come visit us soon! More Info Rooms & Rates   Come visit us and check out our lovely B&B and quaint comfy rooms. Each room is personally decorated. ​ More Info Location   Nestled in the heart of the country-side, our B&B is perfectly located for a weekend break or a leisurely mid-week holiday. More Info                        T aylor House Inn  Our  Bed and Breakfast is an historic farm house, built in 1911. You enter another time and place when you stay with us: it evokes memories of a more carefree time where days slowed down a bit and the mind relaxed; a huge wraparound porch beckons as just the spot for reading a good book or having a nice coffee or a cup of tea. We have a brook across the house, farmland behind that and the mountains rising from that point—a little heaven on earth.   If return bookings means success, then we are a success! We have guests who come back year after year. We know that you cannot totally please everyone, but we do take comments seriously. If there is something we can change, we try to do it immediately. We feel strongly about making this a stay that will be remembered and talked about. We feel a real responsibility for giving our guests an optimal experience. We hope the memories you are adding here will be remembered for years to come. ​ No Footer body end html embeds start body end html embeds end 