Maui Bed & Breakfast - Cottage rental - Maui Hawaii Bed & Breakfast and vacation cottage and condo rental. Maui Vacation Rental discount lodging accommodations in a private home instead of a hotel. Maui Meadows Bed and Breakfast Welcome to Maui Meadows Bed & Breakfast Vacation Cottage and Condo Rental. We are ideally located in Kihei on the sunny south coast of Maui, Hawaii. Our peaceful private estate is just about a mile from the ocean on the lower slopes of Mt. Haleakala, overlooking the luxury resort of Wailea. In less than 5 minutes you can be swimming, sunning or snorkeling on the finest beaches in Hawaii. Click on picture for a full screen virtual tour Come and relax in our private tropical Hawaiian paradise. We would be delighted to act as your private concierge to help you to plan your trip and to make sure you get the most out of your Maui vacation while you are here. Please call us at (808) 879-7099 or email us at TCroly@Maui.net One-Bedroom Ocean View Cottage Click on pictire to take a full screen virtual tour of the cottage Our spacious and private one-bedroom ocean view vacation cottage has all the comforts of home. It includes a fully equipped kitchen, large ocean view living room and dining room, optional air-conditioning , washer/dryer, private telephone line, computer with internet access, 2 TVs, VCR, wraparound deck and your own private covered carport. We are happy to supply you with beach towels, beach gear, coolers and snorkel equipment. Our cottage rental Rates are as low as $875/week Rates and Reservations    Contact Info   Cottage Pictures    More Pictures   Guest Comments Bed & Breakfast Suites Click on picture to take a virtual tour of our B&B suites Both of our B&B guest suites offer their own private entrance and private bath. Each has its own kitchenette and private deck for outdoor relaxation. Optional air-conditioning is available for your comfort. Rates for our Bed and Breakfast accommodations run from $99 to $119 per night and include a continental breakfast served to your suite each morning. We have recently added an outdoor kitchen for our guest's use. It has a gas BBQ grill with side burner, microwave, kitchen sik and cooking utensils. Rates and Reservations    Contact Info   Cottage Pictures    More Pictures   Guest Comments Guest Living Room Our guests are invited to enjoy our ocean view living room with its high-speed Internet connected computer. In the evenings we show movies on our 8-foot wide movie screen. We are happy to provide our guests with beach towels, beach gear and snorkel equipment, as well as our personal attention to make sure that you have the local knowledge to enjoy all that Maui has to offer. Maui Meadows Bed & Breakfast and Vacation Cottage Rental Maui County B&B permit BBKM2009/0006 Please call us at (808) 879-7099 email us at TCroly@Maui.net Rates and Reservations    Contact Info   Cottage Pictures    More Pictures   Guest Comments 