St.George Utah RV Parks | RV Park in St. George, Utah Facebook Gplus Trip_Advisor Yelp 1-800-776-6410 975 South Main Street St. George, UT. 84770 Home Amenities Things To Do St.George Maps Weather Sites Specials Rallies About Us Guest Comments Contact Us Reservations Blog Search Menu Convenient to everything! Temple View RV is in the heart of sunny St George and 45 minutes to Zion National Park! See Our Rates Amenities Enjoy our year round heated pool & hot tub, clubhouse, bathrooms, showers, laundry facilities, putting green, billard tales and more … Video Take a virtual tour of the Temple View RV located in sunny St. George, just off the I-15 and 90 min. north of Las Vegas. Site Layout & Pictures Over 260 spacious sites with full hook-ups 50 pull-thrus All sites have 30/50 amp hook-ups, (select sites have 20/30/50) Cable TV hook-ups available. RESERVE A SPOT NOW! McArthur’s Temple View RV Resort Location Located in the heart of St. George , is a crown jewel among southern Utah campgrounds and RV parks! We are one of the friendliest RV parks in the nation, according to the positive comments we frequently receive from our valued guests. Our resort makes an excellent getaway to pleasant weather, plentiful recreation choices, and some of the most spectacular scenery on earth. Many scenic gems are within a short drive, including: Our RV and campground in St George, Utah provides you with an attractive, spacious lot that includes a concrete patio, parking for two vehicles, paved streets, telephone service, and cable TV hook-ups. We offer desirable amenities, including a swimming pool, Jacuzzi, exercise room, lounge, Internet connection, and much more! Our location is extremely convenient. We are located across the street from a grocery store, restaurants, various shops, a hardware store and a movie theater. Known for its pleasant weather and close proximity to spectacular scenery, St. George is also home to pioneer historic sites, top-notch annual events and a variety of cultural offerings. Your recreational choices in the St. George area are practically endless! One of the area’s most popular recreation options is golfing at one of the area’s nine golf courses, two of which Golf Digest ranks in its top five Utah courses. Our friendly staff will be happy to assist you in making a tee time. Other favorite activities in the area include: Shopping at Factory Stores Tennis Hiking Mountain Biking ATV & Horse Riding Tours Jeep Tours Dinosaur Tracks Stroll the Virgin River Walkway See Plays Indian Petroglyphs Cities such as Cedar City and Kanab Utah, Mesquite and Las Vegas, Nevada are also close by. St. George is widely known as an entertainment and art center. Museums and historic sites are found throughout the region. Theatrical Productions at the Tuacahn Center for the Arts draw 60,000 visitors annually ( packages available, internet specials ). Art festivals, rodeos, marathons, and senior “Olympic Style” competitions are just part of the many weekend events which draw tens of thousands of participants and spectators. City conveniences in a suburban atmosphere, located right in the heart of St. George, Utah – four blocks from the LDS Temple! No matter your interests, Zion Canyon , Bryce Canyon , Grand Canyon , Golf or Theater, you’re going to love staying at McArthur’s Temple View RV Resort! Check Our Rates © Copyright - Temple View RV - Site by OLWM LLC Facebook Gplus Trip_Advisor Yelp Scroll to top This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies. OK Learn more Cookie and Privacy Settings How we use cookies We may request cookies to be set on your device. We use cookies to let us know when you visit our websites, how you interact with us, to enrich your user experience, and to customize your relationship with our website. Click on the different category headings to find out more. You can also change some of your preferences. Note that blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience on our websites and the services we are able to offer. Essential Website Cookies These cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with services available through our website and to use some of its features. Because these cookies are strictly necessary to deliver the website, you cannot refuse them without impacting how our site functions. You can block or delete them by changing your browser settings and force blocking all cookies on this website. Google Analytics Cookies These cookies collect information that is used either in aggregate form to help us understand how our website is being used or how effective our marketing campaigns are, or to help us customize our website and application for you in order to enhance your experience. If you do not want that we track your visist to our site you can disable tracking in your browser here: Click to enable/disable google analytics tracking. Other external services We also use different external services like Google Webfonts, Google Maps and external Video providers. Since these providers may collect personal data like your IP address we allow you to block them here. Please be aware that this might heavily reduce the functionality and appearance of our site. Changes will take effect once you reload the page. Google Webfont Settings: Click to enable/disable google webfonts. Google Map Settings: Click to enable/disable google maps. Vimeo and Youtube video embeds: Click to enable/disable video embeds. 