Luxurious Aegean Studios in Skyros Thalassia English Italiano Ελληνικα Kalamitsa Beach, 34007, Skyros +30 2222092717 info@thalassia.gr Home Gallery Studios Skyros Contact Presskit end of nav-collapse end of container end of navbar-inner end of navbar Apartment Renes ... Apartment Nyfi ... Apartment Sarakino ... Penthouse Kolympada ... Penthouse Kalamitsa ... /sl-slider Previous Next /slider-wrapper end of header   Home Welcome You will find us in the beautiful island of the Northern Sporades Skyros in Kalamitsa Beach, 6 km from the port at the southwestern tip of the island. Our Aegean apartments  all have views of the bay Kalamitsa, having been built amphitheatrically on a hill just a 3-4 minutes walk from the sea. Within 45 square meters, with a separate bedroom, fully equipped kitchen and spacious bathroom, you will find all the necessary amenities that will offer you and your family a comfortable and pleasant stay! The beautiful location of Thalassia Studios, the cozy atmosphere and the friendly approach of the owner, Ms Marianna, will offer you and your family the most pleasant stay! So, what are you waiting for? Contact us now , book your stay and star preparing for the holiday of a lifetime!   begin generated sidebar end generated sidebar end of span3 end of content end of shadow1 end of span12 end of row end of container end of wrapper Skyros 26 ° /.awesome-weather-current-temp clear sky humidity: 69% wind: 5m/s N H 26 • L 25 /.awesome-weather-todays-stats 27 ° Tue 25 ° Wed 25 ° Thu 26 ° Fri /.awesome-weather-forecast Weather from OpenWeatherMap /.awesome-weather-wrap #first .widget-area Wrote about us #second .widget-area Social Media RSS Twitter Facebook Pintrest #fourth .widget-area end of footer-links-container end of footer Copyright © 2019 - Thalassia Studios Skyros | Photos by LimitedEdition end of footer-bg Tracking Code We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it. Ok 