Kalyves - Kalives, Apartments Thamiris, Studios Thamirakis, Villa Petros, Kalives Appartments, Hotel Tamiris, Kalyves, Calives - Kalives Studios in Crete Greece CRETE FOR THE INDIVIDUAL ... English deutsch Ελληνικά Photo Gallery T HAMIRIS  Apartments T HAMIRAKIS  Studios V illa P etros ( Apts & Studios ) ( Studios ) ( Studios - House ) Kalives , Apokoronas, Chania, Crete, Greece Kalives ( or Kalyves or Kalybes ) , Apokoronas, Chania ( or Hania ) , Crete ( or Creta or Criti or Kriti) , Greece ( or Hellas ) T he typical West Cretan village of Kalyves (1100 inhabitants) with its beautiful sandy beaches is picturesquely situated at the entrance of Souda bay, 14 km east of the Venetian town of Hania. It is there where the Apartments Thamiris , Studios Thamirakis and Villa Petros are situated - directly next to the sandy beach with sun beds and umbrellas free of charge. T hey are built in the traditional Cretan style and offer a beautiful view over the Cretan Sea and over a small river with its boats.     T he apartments  Thamiris   with three floors and its cared for garden is situated directly next to the sandy beach and altogether has 14 tastefully equipped studios and apartments for 2 - 6 persons. A ll units have - depending on the size - 1 to 3 rooms, bathroom (shower /tub), kitchenette with pots and pans, coffee machine, water heater, toaster and refrigerator as well as a balcony or a veranda, almost all with sea view.      ° ° ° T he Studios Thamirakis have two floors and its 8 studios are very friendly, suitably equipped and located near the Thamiris. The studios are different in size and offer space for 2 persons or for a family with 1-2 children. All have a balcony, a bathroom /shower /bath tub, a kitchenette  with kitchenware, also coffee machine, water heater, toaster and refrigerator. From the house the beach is reached by a small garden and a sunny veranda with garden furniture.      ° ° ° T he 2 studios in the Villa Petros are situated right on the water's edge, in a quiet location and about 500m away from the village square. Very close by you will find a supermarket and tavernas. E ach studio offers space for 2 to 3 persons. Besides a bathroom/shower/bath tub, they have a balcony, a kitchenette  with kitchenware, also coffee machine, water heater, toaster and refrigerator), also a safe. W e wish to advise you this place is a very private and secluded place - a little paradise. T he owner, Stelios Vlahakis, takes attentive care to his houses and guests. He is a contact person for the small problems of holidays, giving his guests the feeling and the assurance that they are well off here. Besides the beautiful location of the apartment blocks, the privacy and quality are also the reason for praise in many travel guides. ° ° °   Photo Gallery   P luspoints : unique, private atmosphere Thamiris: 150 m from village square, Thamirakis: 100 m from the village square, Villa Petros: 500 m from the village square all are located directly at the sandy beach with free sunbeds and umbrellas free Wi-Fi in the rooms and in the public areas free private parking available umbrella with table and chairs on each balcony fan and air-conditioning in each room daily cleaning (except Sundays) bed linen, towels and bath towels are changed twice a week extra bed, if required (no charge) child's cot, if required (no charge) children under 5 years are free of charge safety box at the reception or in the studio Bank, post office, taxi and bus station, pharmacy, bakery, shops and super market in the proximity airport transfer can be organized by taxi: Hania about 37,- € Heraklion about 130,- € if required, rent-a-car service can be arranged at the airport or at the apartment English is spoken   P rice per day for studio/apartment:  35 - 120,- € Please fill our Request Form to give us details about your holidays and we will send you our prices. Special offers on request !   Apts Thamiris / Studios Thamirakis / Villa Petros Stelios Vlahakis No. 468 Kalives Apokoronas Chania /Crete, GR 73003 Greece Tel   :    ( 0030 ) 2825031637 - 2825031207 Fax  :    ( 0030 ) 2825031170 Mobile: ( 0030 ) 6973554831 from Europe 0030 e-mail:   http://www.thamiris-apartments-kalives.gr http://www.kalives.net http://thamiris.georgioupoli.net »» Tell a friend about this website Low Season:  01.03. - 15.05.  01.10. - 07.12. Middle Season:  15.05. - 17.07. High Season:   17.07. - 01.10. Minimum stay in " Villa Petros " - 1 month. click the symbols, from the right: Haus Petros, Thamirakis Studios, Thamiris Apts You are vistor no. « back   home We are waiting for you! Welcome to Crete!     Copyright © 1997- Georgioupoli Net APTS Thamiris: Kalives Apartments Chania/ Hania with the family's hotel in Studios Thamirakis and Villa Petros Kalives, rent rooms to you. Iannis' holiday houses are on the beach. The Pension offer in Kalives flats and rooms with self catering. The Kalives Villa Petros has a sandy beach on the Northern Coast of Crete Island - Greece. The Kalives appartements - that are Iannis Kalives rooms booking - pension Chania - Hotel in Kalives: pension lies on the beach.  Hotel Tamiris with holiday houses and sandy beach has rooms to let Apokoronas, Hania. Kalives APTS Hotel Thamiris is a property 18km from Hania, Iannis gives information Appartments in Hotel Tamiris Kalives Chania, Appartment Kalives Chania Crete Greece - Kalives appartements Pension - Kalives flats with self catering in the APTS Crete Appartments Kalives Crete Chania Greece - Kalives suites appartements - Kalives vacation  - Kalives houses - Iannis Kalives Villas  Kalives studios Kalives Crete Island - rooms for rent with online-booking in Crete - Hotel in Kalives Chania:   Kalives - Hotel Tamiris, Apartments with many facilities offers rooms for rent in Kalives with low prices near the beach at Kalives river in a quite environment - Crete Greece. Kalives holiday houses and a villa w. flats. 