That's My Park: Friends of Santa Cruz State Parks Menu Visit Shop Events Volunteer Jobs About Donate end header Mole & Mariachi Festival Join us September 7th for a festival of food, drinks and dancing. Help us make a difference Our local parks and beaches: thriving and available to all. 2019 Open House Events Explore Castro Adobe State Historic Park. Work with Friends Now hiring for seasonal positions at several parks and beaches. What's New Begin What's New The "Cement Ship" celebrated her 100th birthday this June. Find commemorative merchandise at the Seacliff ParkStore. SHOP Mark your calendar for the 7th annual Mole & Mariachi Festival on Saturday, Sept. 7. CELEBRATE Enjoy tacos on the terrazza every Thursday through August 15, from 11:30 to 1:30 pm. FOOD There are still spots available in California State Parks' Backpacking Adventures program this August. ADVENTURE What's New End Plan your visit Begin Plan Your Visit What Do You Want to Do? Our diverse parks and beaches have something for everyone. Find your next adventure! Hike Learn Bike Shop Surf Swim Dogs Camp Bonfires Get Directions For Driving Walking Bicycling   show options hide options Avoid Tolls Avoid Highways From To Fetching directions...... Reset directions Print directions Play your visit End Stay Connected Begin Get News and Stay Connected dictate label visibility Description Above Description Below Honeypot Trap List ID The form that is being submitted! Used to display error/success messages above the correct form Submit Button   Subscribe Nonce Security Check MailChimp Form generated by Easy Forms for MailChimp v6.3.23 (https://wordpress.org/plugins/yikes-inc-easy-mailchimp-extender/) Stay Connected End Our Mission Begin Our Mission, Our Passion Our local parks and beaches: thriving and available to all! Friends of Santa Cruz State Parks (Friends) is a vital partner with California State Parks, creatively working to ensure our cherished local parks and beaches are thriving and available to all. Friends’ innovative and collaborative community partnership provides support and investment for education, equity and inclusion, conservation, facilities improvements, historic preservation and cultural events. I want to help! Our Mission End Events Begin Events Calendar Jul PopUp Picnics in the Park Jul Pop-Up Campfire! Aug PopUp Picnics in the Park Events End Upcoming Begin Upcoming Events calendar icon - left side Jul 22 Mon calendar time and name - right side 9:00 am Little Rangers calendar icon - left side Jul 22 Mon calendar time and name - right side 10:00 am Junior Rangers calendar icon - left side Jul 22 Mon calendar time and name - right side 3:00 pm Junior Rangers calendar icon - left side Jul 22 Mon calendar time and name - right side 4:30 pm Big Basin Nature Club calendar icon - left side Jul 22 Mon calendar time and name - right side 7:00 pm Evening Campfire Programs calendar icon - left side Jul 22 Mon calendar time and name - right side 8:00 pm Evening Campfire Program + Google Calendar + iCal Export .tribe-events-cal-links View Calendar Upcoming End Instagram Widget Begin This message is only visible to admins Due to changes in Instagram's API, feeds can no longer filter out posts based on the user who posted them. Try using a different moderation system for this feed. Load More... Instagram Widget End /.content /.container /#main medium-offset-1 About Us History and Mission Staff Board of Directors Contact What We Do Friends Model Castro Adobe Project Santa Cruz Mission Project Parks Update How You Can Help Giving Volunteer Shop Work for Friends Media Newsletter Castro Blog In the News For Teachers Field Trips PORTS Resources Friends of Santa Cruz State Parks | 1543 Pacific Ave., Suite 206, Santa Cruz CA 95060 | 831 429-1840 | Privacy Policy WordPress Website by Launch Brigade 2019 © end footer end #container WordPress footer functions Instagram Feed JS 