The Banyan Resort | Welcome CALL US TODAY! (866) 371-9222 Home Rooms & Rates  Studio Suite One Bedroom Suite One Bedroom Loft Suite Two Bedroom Suite Specials & Packages Policies Amenities  Property Map Attractions  Fun Activities Historic Tours On the Water Restaurants Ownership  Sales & Timeshares Owner's Login About  Event Planning Services Gallery Our History Going Green Contact  Directions your home away from home. Check Availability Today! Old Town Key West Resort     The Banyan Resort is the ultimate destination for a weekend get-a-way or long term accommodations in our well appointed suites which offer the perfect blend of history and modern convenience located on a  Historic Caribbean Estate tucked away in the heart of Old Town Key West.   Two Blocks from Mallory Square’s Nightly Sunset Celebration Two Temperature Controlled Swimming Pools and Hot Tub One Block from World Famous Duval Street Extensive Lush and Fragrant Gardens Certified  Florida Green Lodge Full Kitchens Free Wi-Fi Enjoy the best of both worlds that only our unique location can offer: A serene atmosphere within steps to  most everything the island has to offer including: restaurants, pubs, shops, water-sports and art galleries. Now is the perfect time to make The Banyan Resort your home away from home in the Tropical Island Paradise of Key West! AMENITIES KEY WEST ATTRACTIONS GALLERY [ Video above features lush gardens on the The Banyan Resort property, the tranquil pool, and interior rooms. ] CONTACT US We'd love to hear from you. Fill out the form below to inquire about availability. First Name Last Name Email Message Contact Us About The Banyan The Banyan Resort invites you to experience a world full of lush and fragrant gardens on a Caribbean Estate tucked away in the heart of Old Town, Key West. The Banyan Resort © 2019 | Website Design by Wonderdog Studios Contact Us 323 Whitehead Street Key West, FL 33040 Phone: 305-296-7786 Fax: 305-294-1107 Toll Free: 866-371-9222 Accessibility powered by   SnapPages 