The Black Boar Inn - Home Reserve Your Room | Ph: 207-646-2112 | E: theblackboarinn@gmail.com end container end header-wrap Home Rooms Reserve Fine Dining - Reserve Gallery & Publications Our Story Sample Menu About Specials and Packages Historic Inn Ogunquit - Beautiful Place by the Sea The BBI Signature Breakfast and Other Amenities Contact Us Community Partners Gallery Events end container end nav-wrap end banner end container end banner-wrap H istoric Inn Built in 1674, with a major addition in 1720, The Black Boar Inn is the oldest structure in the Town of Ogunquit and one of the oldest wooden structures in the United States. BBI is located in the heart of the vibrant Village and only a three minute walk to one of the top rated beaches in America. The Inn offers six large bedrooms with queen beds and private en suite bathrooms with modern amenities. The Inn's common rooms (each with fireplace) offers guests casual places to relax with family and friends.   MORE Excellent Rated By guests 9.7 Black Boar Inn Ogunquit Beautiful Place by the Sea The Black Boar Inn is located in the heart of beautiful Ogunquit, Maine and is mere steps from numerous fine restaurants, art galleries, shopping, tours/excursions, theatre and exciting nightlife. We are a three minute walk from one of the most beautiful, sandy beaches on the east coast of Maine and a five minute walk to the renowned and rocky Marginal Way. The Town of Ogunquit offers visitors great experiences all year long.   MORE The BBI Signature Breakfast and Other Amenities Guests enjoy a complimentary, made-to-order breakfast each morning at The Black Boar Inn. We offer a creative menu inspired by local and seasonal favorites including a First-Course starter that may include fresh local fruit or freshly baked goods, a choice of two beautifully-executed and presented Main Courses. Some of our morning specialties include Egg Frittatas, Avocado Toast,  Blueberry Pancakes and Strawberry Shortcake  French Toast (always served with Maine Maple Syrup). All breakfasts are accompanied by juices, premium teas and our delicious Black Boar Inn Coffee. MORE 1720 Fine Dining  Combining a focus on seasonal, locally-sourced ingredients with advanced culinary techniques, the chef creates dishes that are New England-inspired, delicious, and beautifully presented. Chef Fiore and his fiancée Eloise, prepare all food in-house, ensuring optimal freshness and flavor in every dish. The rotating prix fixe menu offers smaller portions of several dishes allowing guests to experience a myriad of flavors, textures and aromas, while they absorb the charming, intimate setting of the historical inn. The full 5-course chef’s menu, combined with a hand- selected wine pairing, immerses guests into a completely unique dining experience.  Due the nature and size of the restaurant, reservations are required. Larger parties have the option to reserve the space for the entire evening. Inquire below.    RESERVE NOW end container end main-wrap end container end main-wrap bottom Copyright 2015 The Black Boar Inn Ogunquit, LLC 277 Main Street, Ogunquit, Maine, USA 03907  phone 2 07.646.2112 end container end footer-wrap Live Chat Support × Connecting Send Submit You: ::content:: ::agent_name:: ::content:: ::content:: ::content:: 