 Britannia Inn | Lake District Inns | Pub Accommodation Lake District Accessibility links Skip to search Skip to content Accessibility help Telephone: Elterwater 015394 37210 Your account Main site navigation Home About Us Now and Then Lake District Location Dogs at the Brit........ Staying With Us Accommodation Packages & Offers Sail and Stay Discounted Rooms Food & Drink Eating at The Brit Speciality Beers Beer Festival Opening Times Activities & Events Explore the Local Area Walking Langdale Pikes - by Bill Birkett Forthcoming Events Great Langdale Marathon 2015 St Georges Day Race 10th Beer Festival Olympic Flame arrives in Bowness Fireworks Display - New Year Christmas Pudding 10K Road Race Grizedale Stages Car Rally Great North Swim 12th - 14th June Langdale 10K Road Race 13 & 14th April The Fred Whitton Challenge 9th may 2015 Things to do Fireworks Night News & Updates Latest News Champagne & Chocolates now available when you book your room Fire Training Britannia Gold - from Eden Brewery Winter Special -Mid Week nights £24.95 per person per night Beer Festival & Free Brewery Trip. Best Seller of a Best Seller WIFI available everywhere The Good Beer Guide AED at The Britannia Inn... Best Beer Festival in Elterwater!! Great North Swim Windermere Marathon 20/05/2018 Classic Car Show 18/06/2017 Great North Swim 2018 Guided Canoe Tour of Lake Windermere Stay Informed Unsubscribe Britannia Blog News Blog Real Ale Blog Chef's Blog Cultural & Historical Sports & Adventure Rainy Day Activities Lake District Walks Gallery Delicious dining Untitled Photo Untitled Photo Untitled Photo Untitled Photo Untitled Photo Untitled Photo Untitled Photo Untitled Photo Untitled Photo Untitled Photo Untitled Photo Untitled Photo Stay in style Untitled Photo Untitled Photo Untitled Photo Untitled Photo Untitled Photo Untitled Photo Untitled Photo Untitled Photo Untitled Photo Untitled Photo Untitled Photo Untitled Photo It's all in the detail Untitled Photo Untitled Photo Untitled Photo Untitled Photo Untitled Photo Untitled Photo Untitled Photo Untitled Photo Untitled Photo Enjoy the outside Untitled Photo Untitled Photo Untitled Photo Untitled Photo Untitled Photo Untitled Photo Untitled Photo Untitled Photo Untitled Photo Untitled Photo Untitled Photo Untitled Photo A warm welcome awaits Untitled Photo Untitled Photo Untitled Photo Untitled Photo Untitled Photo Untitled Photo Untitled Photo Untitled Photo Untitled Photo Lakeland landscapes Lakeland woods Low Water from Coniston Old Man Typical fellside inhabitants Scafell Pike and Scafell from Bowfell Fairfield from the shores of Coniston Water Crummock Water Skiddaw from Derwent Water Langdale Valley from Crinkle Crags Looking west across the fells Early morning near Grasmere Fleetwith Pike from the shores of Buttermere Langdale Pikes from Red Bank Langdale Pikes from Windermere High Stile and Red Pike from Crummock Water Fell tops from Windermere Sunset over the Fells Rannerdale Knotts from Crummock Water Dramatic sky near Windermere Mosedale Valley Pillar and Mosedale Storm clouds The Langdale Pikes Boats on Windermere Join in the fun Untitled Photo Untitled Photo 2012 Beers from Jennings Soggy Bottom January 2012 Tizzie Wizzie Untitled Photo Untitled Photo Firework Night Untitled Photo Untitled Photo Untitled Photo Untitled Photo Untitled Photo Untitled Photo Untitled Photo Untitled Photo Untitled Photo Untitled Photo Christmas Pudding Road Race Untitled Photo Britannia Inn Rally Car Britannia Inn Escort Contact Us Check Availability You are here: Home Welcome to The Britannia Inn Bri-tan-nia Inn noun - Lake District Inn offering traditional pub accommodation, Lake District sourced homemade pub food and real ales, plus friendly and welcoming staff. The Britannia Inn has these in abundance! The Britannia Inn is nestled in the breathtaking Langdale Valley at the heart of the English Lake District. Pub accommodation at the Britannia Inn is comfortable and clean, with scenic views and delicious rustic seasonal pub dining, serving breakfast, lunch and supper. We have two individual bar areas for day visitors and comfortable rooms for tired travellers. Make the most of the pub's open fire and cosy nooks during those long Lake District winter evenings, and spill out into the garden for some stunning alfresco dining under the summer sun. The Britannia Inn really is a pub for all seasons. Pop in for a pint of real ale and a quick lunch, or stay for a few days and enjoy our outstanding Elterwater location. As a Lake District pub offering accommodation, our hospitality is second-to-none. Our website has lots of information about the local area, activities and events, from walking in the Lakes to the Britannia Inn Beer Festival - our celebration of award winning real ales. In every direction, there are glorious rambling routes, and views and mountain bike trails to explore. Your Lake District adventure begins here - CHECK AVAILABILITY From our Blog Busy busy busy... By Andrew Parker ,   13 July 2018  –   0 comments Wow, you all certainly love being at the Britannia Inn... We've noticed that the amazing weather has brought you all down & we are so grateful for your custom and it's not even reached the summer holidays! It's been our busiest period ever with a full beer garden throughout the week and the famous queue out of the door. Over the summer holidays please note that there will be no quiz night, however we will be making up for this with excellent food, ales and atmosphere. Looking forward to… Continue reading » More blog posts » Latest News Guided Canoe Tour of Lake Windermere Posted 13 July 2018 Total Adventure Ltd are offering the opportunity to have a guided tour on Lake Windermere. With stunning mountainous views up the lake and even the opportunity to spot some Lakeland wildlife (if it's nice and quiet!) They… Continue reading » Great North Swim 2018 Posted 07 June 2018 As you may already know, this weekend hosts the Great North Swim. Unfortunately it was cancelled last year due to poor weather, so we anticipate that this year will be well attended! Over the last decade the event has… Continue reading » Windermere Marathon 20/05/2018 Posted 18 May 2018 Voted the UK's most scenic marathon by readers of Runners World, it's bigger, better and as beautiful as ever. Finish this breathtakingly beautiful course, amidst a carnival atmosphere, in the grounds of Brathay Hall with… Continue reading » See all news » Coming Up No events are listed at present. Additional Information Footer links Testimonials Downloads Mailing List Useful Links Privacy Policy Terms of Use The Britannia Inn, Elterwater, Ambleside, Cumbria LA22 9HP, UK Telephone: 015394 37210. Fax: 01539 678075. Email: info@britinn.co.uk The Britannia Inn is a limited company registered in England and Wales. Registered address: Elterwater, Ambleside, Cumbria LA22 9HP, UK. Registered number: 03183819 Copyright © The Britannia Inn 2012 - 2019. All rights reserved. Website design , website  development and software  development  by The Creative Branch Google Code for Remarketing Tag ------------------------------------------------ Remarketing tags may not be associated with personally identifiable information or placed on pages related to sensitive categories. See more information and instructions on how to setup the tag on: http://google.com/ads/remarketingsetup ------------------------------------------------- 