The Confederate House Bed and Breakfast in Savannah GA Accessibility stuff Skip Navigation Website Accessibility Home The Inn Guest Rooms Breakfast Special Events Packages Savannah Contact Us Guest Reviews Inn History President Davis Room General Lee Room General Jackson Room Accessibility stuff The Confederate House Bed & Breakfast Voted the most Romantic Inn of 2013 by CityofSavannah.com House Special: Rooms as low as $120  (Except for March-April and Sep-October)                                           The citizens of Savannah have an affection for the past that goes far beyond most cities. We feel that our past gives us our strength and traditions. When you enter this magnificently restored 1854 mansion, you step right into the ballroom which is large enough to host  special events for groups of up to 150 people. It took eleven years to restore The Confederate House to its original antebellum splendor and it is now one of Savannah's best examples of Greek revival architecture.  No detail was left out of the restoration , including importing crystal chandeliers, mahogany doors, and marble floors. It's like stepping back to the day it was built. The guest rooms are tastefully and uniquely decorated with period furnishings as well as modern amenities and private baths. Each guest will be sure to enjoy the comfort and convenience of the most elegant property in the City of Savannah . The Confederate house overlooks beautiful Forsyth Park , with its majestic oak trees. The park was created in 1851, and named for Governor John Forsyth (1780-1841). An elaborate cast iron fountain was commissioned in 1858. We invite you to visit us and experience the traditions of true southern hospitality. Sed ut perspiciatis unde omnis iste natus error sit voluptatem accusantium doloremque laudantium. Sed ut perspiciatis unde omnis iste natus error sit voluptatem. test test test Sed ut perspiciatis unde omnis iste natus error sit voluptatem accusantium doloremque laudantium. Sed ut perspiciatis unde omnis iste natus error sit voluptatem. test test test test The Confederate House B&B  |  808 Drayton Street, Savannah GA 31401  |  1-833-975-7457  |  stay@theconfederatehouse.com Home   |   The Inn   |   Guest Rooms   |   Breakfast   |   Special Events   |   Packages   |   Savannah   |   Contact Us   |   Site Map Cart Styles Copyright © 2007-2019 - The Confederate House Bed and Breakfast Website Design by BnBwebsites 