The Munroe Inn Boutique Hotel body start html embeds start body start html embeds end © 2019 Proudly created by Olga Dolgicer Tel: 917-346-0777  CONTACT US Send reservations@themunroeinn.com 123 Pleasant Street, Auburn Maine 04210 /  /  HOME ABOUT ROOMS OUR SERVICES GALLERY SEE & DO CONTACT BOOK A ROOM More THE MUNROE INN - Boutique Hotel - Book A Room ABOUT Enjoy warm hospitality at The Munroe Inn, a historic home located in downtown Auburn. This beautiful Queen Anne home built in 1899 by the Munroe family, who ran a shoe manufacturing business in Lewiston. We are the only  hotel accommodation in the Auburn-Lewiston area that is on The National Register of Historic Places .  All our beautiful suites are designed with your comfort and pleasure in mind.  Each Suite is fully equipped with private bath, a workspace area, and an air-condition unit. We offer a three-course breakfast, focusing  on organic local produce and family recipes. We accommodate early or late check-in and a flexible breakfast schedule for business  and leisure-minded travelers.  Inn is a licensed hospitality lodging. We have an excellent record with the Historic Preservation Commission and with the Health Department.   5 SUITES Book a Room OUR SERVICES Breakfast   We love a good breakfast, accompanied by coffee and people. For us, a meal is about organic and locally sourced ingredients, seasonality and creativity. Our three-course breakfast includes a plate of small baked treats, fruits, eggs, and seasonal vegetables. French press or stove-top espresso coffee, fresh sweet cider, and a wide variety of teas are also available. Our breakfast is light, healthy and creative. Daily Housekeeping   We adopted the below initiatives to ensure  we meet the environmental criteria to preserve and minimize the water and  energy waste. Unless otherwise requested, occupied  rooms will be cleaned daily with basic update. We kindly request that all guests turn off AC unit when departing their rooms for the day. We also appreciate you kindly consider our  sensitive plumbing system by avoiding excessive flushing of  t/paper or tissues. Room Amenities   Private bathroom in each Suite Room darkening curtains All cotton premium linens and towels Down comforters/Allergy free comforters (on request) Feather pillows/Allergy free pillows (on request) Smart TV  with Roku, Netflex, Sling Hair dryer, iron and ironing board Additional Bed 3rd person roll in bed. Additional charge apply. Dog Friendly Property Pets are allowed. Additional  charges  apply. ​ Children of All Ages are Welcome Additional Bed  is available on request in our larger suites. Special Event Venue ​ Host your family gathering, or a corporate retreat, or other special event.  We offer fireplace lounge with seating that can  accommodate up to 20 guests. We have also offered our space as a weddings venue for up to 60 guests.  Please request a quote from us directly. Dog @ Property Please note we have a dog staying with the innkeeper. His name is Hurricane, a loving teddy-bear who loves treats and  people. Check-in 3- 6 pm Early check in. Late Check in. Late check out. Self Check in.  We will accommodate you one way or another. Please text, call  or email us ETA. Check-out 10 am GALLERY 1/18 THINGS TO DO Outdoor Adventures   We are near Maine's Lakes and Mountains District. Auburn Lake offers the area’s best bass fishing.  Mount Apatite is perfect for geology lovers,, with beautiful formations of  feldspar, smoky quartz, tourmaline, and apatite. The Thorncrag Bird Sanctuary is the perfect place for a leisurely stroll, with various trails intersecting with fields and meadows.   For those who want winter activities? Snowshoeing is a popular and inexpensive way to explore Maine’s wilderness all winter long. Cultural Activities   You may wish to visit Bates College in Lewiston, with its beautiful collegiate campus and historical grounds, it is ranked Top 25 Best colleges in the USA . The Bates College Museum of Art displays work of various mediums, showcasing art local to Maine and the greater Americas. Portland's Culinary Scene ​ Eating well is easy in Portland. Bon Appétit recently named Portland America’s foodiest small town , and the New York Times calls it “one of the best places to eat in the Northeast .” There is an ongoing debate about whether or not San Francisco or Portland take the win for the most restaurants per capita. A suggested list of Portland eateries can be found here . Craft Breweries   Portland ME is a US city with the most craft breweries per capita. That distinction goes to Auburn too.  Water Access   There are many lakes around Auburn in the radius of 4-20+ miles. Ocean public beaches are 20-30 miles away.    State Parks Near Auburn   There are many State Parks near Auburn in the radius of 4-20+ miles offering short or long hikes, and trails for every level and length.     Fairs   Encompassing 275 acres, Windsor Fair is one of the largest agricultural fairs with attendance of over 150,000 and daily entertainment featuring some of the best local and nationally recognized talent. A huge exhibit of farm animals and harness racing occurs. Held annually at the end of September. The Fryeburg Fair also occurs annually at the end of August, and is considered to be one of the best agricultural fairs in the U.S. offering livestock, agriculture and farming exhibitions with over 3,000 head of large animals.  Festivals   The Bates Dance Festival is held annually at Bates College. The intensive workshop-based program runs in the summer months includes and culminates with performances in July. The Great Falls Balloon Festival is a hot air balloon festival held annually in August in the twin cities of Lewiston-Auburn. The Dempsey Challenge is a run, walk, cycle fundraiser held annually in October to benefit cancer research.   ​ Don't miss this treasure! We recently spent several weekends at The Munroe Inn and were treated to the best experience we have ever had at an inn in the US! Olga has created a cozy, beautiful bed and breakfast, filled with fascinating art everywhere you look. Really comfortable beds and relaxed feeling.… No Footer body end html embeds start body end html embeds end 