The Old Homestead | Quality Self-Catering for upto 25 people in the Lake District Home Self-Catering Luxury Gallery Find Us Prices Contact Us Links Terms end ul#nav end #additional-info end #header Previous Next Self-Catering Luxury The Old Homestead in the Northern Lake District is an award-winning, superbly renovated, traditional Cumbrian long house, full of character, comfort and old-world charm and can sleep up to 25 guests. Read More end .featured-description end .slide Fabulous Location Situated in its own private one and a half acres of garden there is room aplenty to eat out, play games or just grab a coffee and take in the stunning Lake District views. Read More end .featured-description end .slide end #slides end #featured The Old Homestead - Award winning Lake District self-catering accommodation. Sleeps up to 25 people in 10 en-suite rooms. end .category-name Lorton Vale end .thumb Lorton is made up of two small villages – Low Lorton and High Lorton, both of which are nestled at the northern end of the Vale of Lorton surrounded by the mountains such as Grasmoor, Hopegill Head and Whiteside. Lorton is relatively untouched by tourism, although many tourists pass through on the way to the Buttermere valley. end .service Whinlatter Forest Centre end .thumb Just a short drive from The Old Homestead is Whinlatter Forest. Whinlatter Forest has several attractions for the visitor. The main visitor centre has a cafe, gift shop and children’s play area and is the home of live camera feeds from the nearby Osprey’s nest (during the nesting season). There are fabulous walking trails, mountain biking galore and, for those with a head for heights, ‘Go Ape’. end .service Loweswater end .thumb Loweswater is one of the hidden gems of the Northern Lake District. Located close to Buttermere and Crummock it really is a ‘must see’, there’s also a great pub nearby! The lake is not far from The Old Homestead or Cockermouth and is also easily reached from elsewhere in West Cumbria. end .service end #services end #from-blog end #content-area The Old Homestead is a beautifully positioned, 10 bedroom, self-catering traditional Cumbrian long house located in the Northern Lake District. With ample garden, ample parking and plenty of space for up to 25 guests to holiday in blissful luxury it really is quite unique. The large dining room, lounge and kitchen are all perfectly presented for your enjoyment and comfort. Just a short drive from the amenities of Cockermouth (2 miles) and Keswick (8 miles) the house faces directly towards the Vale of Lorton and to the dividing valleys of Crummock and Loweswater. Apart from the ever popular Buttermere the majority of Lorton Vale escapes the tourist glare and there are many quiet places to get away from everything. Though if it's a little adventure you're after then the Lake District is the place for that. The local Whinlater Forest Centre has some fabulous walks, mountain bike trails, a visitor centre and the tree-top escapades of 'Go Ape' . And if the tree tops don't take you high enough then how about the Via Ferrata at the local slate mine at Honister ? So you see, up here in the Northern Lake District you can take it as fast and energetic or as slow and leisurely as you choose and still have the comfort of The Old Homestead to return to for a fantastic family and friends get together followed by a good night's sleep. The Old Homestead end .footer-widget Menu Home Self-Catering Luxury Gallery Prices Find Us Contact Us Links end .footer-widget end .footer-widget end #footer-widgets Designed by Lakeland PC | Copyright The Old Homestead, Cockermouth end #footer-content end #footer end #container 