Westclare Westirland
Nature, Tradition & Hospitality on the Wild Atlantic Way

The West of County Clare
Home
Places to visit
The Wild Atlantic Way
Activities
Accommodation
Traditional Music
Events
Images
County Clare
Facebook Instagram

Where to find us
map of ireland
Click on the map to find out where we are and how to get here

Car Rental in Clare → here
Loop Head Peninsula
The West of Clare is magical, full of surprises if you take the time to explore them!
Nature, tradition and hospitality in one of the most beautiful areas Ireland has to offer... The West of Clare is probably best known as being home to the Cliffs of Moher but it also offers many unspoiled tourist spots off the beaten track! 
Hospitality and Tradition in Clare
Natural elements shape the landscape which is fronting the crashing Atlantic waves and which are central to all the sights and activities in Clare, all along the Wild Atlantic Way from the dramatic cliff scenery at the Cliffs of Moher and the unique limestone landscape of the Burren to the equally impressive Cliff scenery extending from Kilkee to Loop Head.

West Clare is also where traditional Irish music has its home. Music is everywhere, you'll find it on one of the many festivals as well as in the lively sessions in the traditional pubs throughout the County, from Doolin in the North to Kilrush in the South [more about traditional music in west clare...]

Stay in Clare - Book in Clare! All properties featured in our directory have been inspected and are presented in detail to give you the assurance that you'll get what you see! There are no booking fees if you book your accommodation directly through our websites!

Find out more!
Where to Stay
Bed and Breakfast
Self Catering
Hostels & Camping
Guesthouses & Hotels
book your hotel here

(External link opens in a new window)

Free additional premium services!
premium services
All accommodation on our pages which is marked with a golden or green crown will provide you with additional free services when booking through the website. Find out more →here

About our links
Our offer includes links to the websites/pages of the partners in our network. These pages are under our constant supervision, all our privacy standards, terms & conditions are fully applicable. External links to third party websites are especially marked. We are not responsible for the privacy standards nor the content of these websites.

© tigin webdesign | disclaimer/privacy/contact | sitemap 