Pet Friendly Hotel in Highlands North Carolina | The Park on Main The Park on Main Home subpage About subpage The Experience Dog Friendly Rooms subpage Deals subpage Explore subpage Things to Do Dry Falls Blue Ridge Parkway Instagram subpage Blog subpage Downtown Hiking Mountains Waterfalls Hotel News Celebrate 5 Gallery subpage Press subpage Accessibility subpage Policies subpage Reviews subpage Location subpage Newsletter subpage Home About ?xml version="1.0" encoding="iso-8859-1"? Generator: Adobe Illustrator 18.1.1, SVG Export Plug-In . SVG Version: 6.00 Build 0) The Experience Dog Friendly Rooms Deals Explore ?xml version="1.0" encoding="iso-8859-1"? Generator: Adobe Illustrator 18.1.1, SVG Export Plug-In . SVG Version: 6.00 Build 0) Things to Do Dry Falls Blue Ridge Parkway Instagram Blog ?xml version="1.0" encoding="iso-8859-1"? Generator: Adobe Illustrator 18.1.1, SVG Export Plug-In . SVG Version: 6.00 Build 0) Downtown Hiking Mountains Waterfalls Hotel News Celebrate 5 Gallery Press Player hidden since was causing issues with slide out menu on tablet Welcome to The Park on Main Hotel in Highlands, NC The Park on Main is a 24-suite luxury hotel with an upscale-rustic theme, providing an elegant place to stay in beautiful Highlands, NC. Located right on Main Street, our relaxing suites include both picturesque views of the hotel’s garden terrace , inspired by Central Park in New York City, and balconies overlooking the quaint streets . Our dog friendly hotel is the perfect resting place when traveling in Highlands with your furry friend.  Celebrate 5 with the Park On Main! Come commemorate five years with us with our Celebrate 5 Special ! Amenities For All The Park on Main Hotel is also pet-friendly. Our mascot Mr. Pickles , a spunky black Scottish terrier, helps to welcome all of our guests. We pride ourselves in making sure every aspect of our guests’ stay is memorable with things like a MacKenzie-Childs dog bowl and an Orvis dog bed in the rooms. Each of our 24 suites  has delightful amenities such as: Balcony and Garden Terrace access Heated marble Italian floors Complimentary WiFi Custom all natural soaps Keurig coffee maker Heated parking garage Separate living room area Wake up each morning to a quiet cup of coffee on your balcony before coming downstairs for our complimentary continental breakfast . Imagine your morning stroll through our private garden with your dog. Guests often linger by the fireplace to read, perfectly situated within the Park on Main’s Southern hospitality. We only offer 24 of our perfectly appointed suites, since our focus is on providing attentive service to each of our wonderful guests. We are dedicated to providing the utmost privacy and cleanliness, for guests and their pets alike. Explore the Highlands Stroll down Main St for delightful shops and delicious restaurants. Highlands, North Carolina, holds onto a rustic memory of an old Northeastern town with delicate touches of Southern hospitality. Shop for fine antiques, furnishings, and gifts for loved ones. Enjoy a scenic drive along Blue Ridge Parkway  in the Appalachian Mountains  and choose from different trails every few miles. Here in the mountains, we are spoiled with the abundance of waterfalls and Dry Falls is a favorite of our guests. If you’re looking for the best hotel in Highlands, North Carolina, look no further than The Park on Main. START BADGES ROW END Badges ROW Begin Mailchimp Signup Form Join our email list at the Park on Main and get access to exclusive discounts! real people should not fill this in and expect good things - do not remove this or risk form bot signups End mc_embed_signup The Park on Main phone: 1-828-526-4502 , </div> toll free: 1-800-221-5078 </div>   205 Main Street, Highlands, North Carolina, 28741, USA phone: 1-828-526-4502 toll free: 1-800-221-5078 Address: 205 Main Street, Highlands, North Carolina, 28741, USA English Accessibility Policies Reviews Location Newsletter powered by Vizlly English powered by Vizlly Accessibility Policies Reviews Location Newsletter Sojern Container Tag cp_v1_js, Pixel Version: 1 End Sojern Tag 