Home - The Red Inn Skip to content (508) 487-7334 DIRECTIONS   .site-branding     Search for:     (508) 487-7334   end TopSlidesContainer end TopSlidesLink Accommodations Guest Rooms Cape Light Room Long Point Light Room Sunset View Room Harbor’s End Suite Pilgrim’s Landing Suite Monument View Suite Chauffeur’s Cottage Delft Haven Residence Room Rates Amenities & Extras Dining Dinner Menu Lunch Menu Happy Hour Menu Dessert Menu Sunday Jazz Brunch Reservation Requests Gift Certificates Special Events Red Inn Policies Contact Directions & Resources Accommodations Dining Special Events Gift Certificates Reservation Requests Contact #masthead end container end container DID YOU KNOW?   In 1915, owner Mary Wilkinson opened her home as The red Inn "as the roses began to bloom" and the Inn immediately became a welcome destination for travelers from all corners of the world. Find out more famous facts about The Inn...         #secondary .entry-header Happy Summer! Open Daily   Raw Bar Happy Hour 2:30 – 5:00 p.m. (Late start of 3:00pm Saturday 7/20.  No Happy Hour Carnival Thursday 8/22) Dinner from 5:31 p.m. (Late start of 7:00pm Carnival 8/22) Lunch Thursday – Saturday 11:30 – 2:00 p.m. (No lunch Saturday 7/20, Carnival Thursday 8/22) Live Jazz Brunch Sundays 11:00 – 2:00 p.m. For Gift Cards, please contact us directly at 508-487-7334   We look forward to hearing from y’all, and welcoming everyone back for the 2019 season! https://www.instagram.com/theredinnptown/ THE red INN is about old-world charm & new-world pleasure… Built in 1805 on beautiful Provincetown Harbor, THE red INN has welcomed guests since 1915, including President and Mrs. Theodore Roosevelt, celebrities, dignitaries, and — most importantly — our everyday guests.  Today THE red INN is known around the world for offering premiere accommodations in a spectacular setting. Our most recent renovation in 2011 was designed to highlight THE red INN’s old-world ambiance, unparalleled views, multiple fireplaces, beamed ceilings, and wide-board pine floors — creating a relaxing environment of understated sophistication. Today THE red INN meets the needs of travelers seeking high-end services, including complimentary wi-fi, in-room dining, and concierge services. The Inn features three beautifully appointed guest rooms, three spacious suites and two luxurious private residences, all with waterfront decks and breathtaking views of Provincetown Harbor and Cape Cod Bay. Dining at THE red INN is an experience you will not want to miss!  Offering a menu that changes with the seasons, THE red INN was recently selected by Cape Cod Life magazine as winner of the Gold Medal Award for fine dining and also named the best seafood on the Cape and the Islands by Boston Magazine’s “Best of Boston”. Spend an afternoon at THE red INN enjoying the beautifully landscaped grounds and the local phenomenon known as “cape light” while savoring Wellfleet oysters and the views across the harbor to the lighthouses on Long Point. If you’re looking to find the balance between old-world charm and new-world pleasure on your next vacation to Provincetown, join us at THE red INN for a world-class experience! .entry-content .entry-footer #post-## #main #primary #content end container AWARDS & ACCOLADES DIRECTIONS BLOG end container RESERVATION LINE: <strong style="font-size:18px">(508) 487-7334</strong> (508) 487-7334 end container > VISIT OUR BLOG         Room Rates Red Inn Policies Accolades Fun Facts Directions & Resources Facebook             Copyright ©2018 The Red Inn. All rights reserved Site Design by www.cleanclearcreative.com #colophon end container #page 