Sheene Mill - Restaurant, Rooms & Weddings | Weddings, Restaurant & Rooms In Cambridgeshire Hertfordshire 01763 261393 Reservations@Sheenemill.com 0 Items Weddings Photo Gallery Prices and Promotions Arrange A Viewing Brochure Request Suppliers Parties Restaurant Menus Book A Table Opening Times Gift Vouchers Special Events Rooms Make Reservation Room Types Gift Vouchers Events & Promotions Vouchers Contact Opening Times Call Us Gift Vouchers Select Page For Every Occasion Restaurant, Rooms & Weddings... A Truly Unique Wedding Venue Explore More A Peaceful Nights Sleep Awaits You Book A Room Award Winning Restaurant Reserve A Table Find Your Happily Ever After View Brochure WELCOME TO SHEENE MILL Welcome to the majestic Sheene Mill in Melbourn, Cambridgeshire. Whether you get married with us, stay the night in one of our boutique bedrooms or indulge at our restaurant, we are sure that you will have an unforgettable experience.  exclusive wedding venue Nestling within the beautiful Cambridgeshire countryside lies the historical Sheene Mill. A sixteenth Century Mill packed full of character and charm. Come and see what we have to offer… Discover More award winning dining A team of the finest Chef’s prepare truly imaginative dishes for your indulgence and senses. Awarded the prestigious 2 AA Rosettes six years in a row, we are sure you will love our food. VIEW MENUS award winning dining A team of the finest Chef’s prepare truly imaginative dishes for your indulgence and senses. Awarded the prestigious 2 AA Rosettes six years in a row, we are sure you will love our food. VIEW MENUS 10 boutique bedrooms Nestling within the beautiful Cambridgeshire countryside lies the historical Sheene Mill. A sixteenth Century Mill packed full of character and charm. Come and see what we have to offer… see more Steeped in history, Sheene Mill is a magnificent 16th Century Mill House set on the River Mel. With outstanding views over the old mill pond and Cambridgeshire countryside, Sheene Mill is an extremely popular Wedding ceremony and reception venue. WHAT'S GOING ON Tour of Rhône Valley Events Friday 6th September 2019 Event Description ‘A tour around The Vineyards of Rhone Valley’ with Trevor Hughes, a supplier to Sheene Mill for over 20 years and one of the UK’s most respected Wine Merchands. On the evening Trevor will give a brief talk prior to the... read more Motown Tribute Night Events Saturday 30th November 2019Event Description Kick start to the season and soak in the fabulous sounds of Motown. Our Menu features fantastic dishes including the much-loved classic flavourful turkey with seasonal trimmings. And, as it’s the season to eat, drink and be... read more Tribute Night Events Tribute Night -Friday 30 August 2019Event Description Join us for a spectacular night of Number 1 tracks from tribute acts 'Lisa Adele' & 'George Gee Michael' (As seen on BBC1’s 'Altogether Now' with Geri Halliwell). They will sing memorable solo’s whilst you... read more « Older Entries KEEP IN TOUCH Enter your email address below and we will keep you up to date with events, promotions and exciting news. Success! Email Subscribe FOLLOW US Follow Follow Follow Follow Follow For more information or to make an enquiry at Sheene Mill contact 01763 261393, or email reservations@sheenemill.com Sheene Mill - 39 Station Road, Melbourn, Royston, Cambridgeshire - SG8 6DX My account Checkout Cart Shop Careers Carbon Footprint Privacy Policy Giveaways, Events, Promotions + More... Join our mailing list to receive the latest news and updates from Sheene Mill. SUBSCRIBE! You have Successfully Subscribed! 