Tanzania Luxury Safaris 2019 | The Tanzania Specialists™ Skip to main content Welcome to Tanzania The Tanzania Specialists specialise in Tanzania luxury safaris and honeymoons, drawing on years of experience to help you design your ultimate luxury safari to Tanzania . In the course of the best part of a decade, we have endeavoured to visit every hotel, eat at every restaurant, safari in every region and swim in every body of water in Tanzania, in the name of research! The Tanzania Specialists are experts at tailoring luxury Tanzania safaris to our clients, rather than the other way round. As one of the most popular countries in Africa and the world, Tanzania luxury safari has it all! The North of Tanzania ; is famous for the wide, sweeping plains of the Serengeti National Park . These grasslands are roamed by millions of Great wildebeest Migration , zebra and others, while being stalked by some of the continent’s fiercest predators; the mighty lion, the leopard, the cheetah, to name a few. To experience a Serengeti safari and witness the daily fight for survival is like nothing else in the world, where life seems so precious! Located just to the east of the Serengeti, is the Ngorongoro Crater . What was once a volcano at around 6,000m, the Ngorongoro Crater of today is a mere 2,400, having blasted the rest out across the southern plains of the Serengeti (which is partly the reason for the wildebeest liking this area so much, due to the rich mineral content of the grass). The crater measures approximately 20 kms across and is a haven for wildlife with great grazing year round. In the South of Tanzania ; the raw and untouched beauty of the Selous and Ruaha National Parks allow an intimate, luxury Tanzania safari experience with walking safaris and small, private camps. The Selous is one of the largest designated game areas in Africa and is truly one of the last frontiers in Africa, with game roaming freely and unimpeded throughout. The main focus for the safari activities is around the mighty Rufiji River that flows west to east through the northern section of the park and, in the dry season, it becomes a Mecca for all types of game looking to replenish water supplies. Approximately an hour and a half flying time to the west of the Selous, Ruaha National Park is often paired with its neighbour and provides the perfect foil. Where the Selous is verdant and riverine, Ruaha is barren and sparse. Where the Selous has elephant, hippo and crocodile, Ruaha has lions, buffalo and leopard. In every sense, to step into Ruaha is to step into how Africa has existed forever. To the West of Tanzania ; is the deserted Katavi National Park . Superlatives about this fantastic park flow regularly from the mouths of those that have had the fortune to be able to come and visit this, Tanzania's third biggest National Park...and for good reason. Featuring hippos pods of thousands, denning crocodile, super herds of buffalo and predators galore (we even had one client who had a leopard chased under their vehicle by a pride of lion!) Katavi is, without doubt, one of Africa's best-kept secrets. In western Tanzania, you can also see the famous chimps of the Mahale mountains , that plunge into Lake Tanganyika. The verdant forests and angular slopes of the Mahale Mountains drop vertically to sand covered beaches and crystal clear waters. The lodges that nestle on the shores of Lake Tanganyika with this stunning backdrop are reason enough to come to this wondrous place, but add in some of the best chimp viewing on the planet and this becomes a one in a million! To the East of Tanzania ; the exotic islands of Zanzibar and Pemba , with their Arabian influence, white sand beaches and azure waters, offering the perfect respite after your luxury Tanzania safari. Made famous for its spices and the slave trade of the 19th century, Zanzibar Island is much more than a stopping point on an itinerary, and can be seen as a destination in itself. What the island offers is a unique combination of outstanding beaches , along its eastern edge, interesting activities, such as visiting a working spice farm, and the cultural delights of Stone Town , with Arabian fortresses and minarets. Many head to Tanzania for safari and as their first trip to Africa, and are never disappointed. Set just to the north of Zanzibar, Pemba and Mafia are known as dive islands. Largely overlooked by the waves of tourism that now feature on Zanzibar, the islands have a ramshackle feel to it, which only adds to its charm. Surrounded by a protected marine park, both islands are good destinations for those that are keen on spending a bit of time in the underwater world. Many head here having been on safari throughout Africa and are also never disappointed. What Tanzania safari does very well, and is a rare occurrence in Africa, is that it really does have outstanding safari options as well as world-class beaches. If you would like to hear more, or for us to help you plan your luxury Tanzania safari, then please give us a call or send an email for a quote . More... The Tanzania Specialists are experts at tailoring luxury Tanzania safaris to our clients, rather than the other way round. As one of the most popular countries in Africa and the world, Tanzania luxury safari has it all! In the North of Tanzania; the wide, sweeping plains of the Serengeti National Park , the Great wildebeest Migration and the Ngorongoro Crater …this is safari Africa of postcards, with flat-topped Acacia trees silhouetted against the vast African sky. In the South of Tanzania; the raw and untouched beauty of the Selous and Ruaha National Parks allow an intimate Tanzania safari experience with walking safaris and small, private camps. To the West of Tanzania; the deserted Katavi National Park offers some of the best safari in Tanzania and Africa, and the famous chimps of the Mahale mountains , that plunge into Lake Tanganyika. To the East of Tanzania; the exotic islands of Zanzibar and Pemba , with their Arabian influence, white sand beaches and azure waters, offering the perfect respite after your Tanzania safari. Many head to Tanzania for safari and as their first trip to Africa, and are never disappointed. Many head here having been on safari throughout Africa and are also never disappointed. What Tanzania safari does very well, and is a rare occurrence in Africa, is that it really does have outstanding safari options as well as world-class beaches. If you would like to hear more then please give us a call or send an email for a quote . When is best to see the Great migration? As arguably the most famous destination for safari in Africa, the Serengeti homes one of the most famous spectacles on earth - the wildebeest migration. Every year, over a million wildebeest and zebra migrate clockwise around the plains of the Serengeti and the Masai Mara in Kenya, mating, giving birth and grazing fresh grasses along the way. Although we know the annual pattern of the herds, the movements of the wildebeest herds can vary every year. The movements are triggered by the short rains in November and heavy rains in April and May each year. Between the months between January and March, the migration herds are located across the southern plains, where they give birth to their calves. The Ndutu Plains, the Maswa Reserve and the central Serengeti are the best areas to stay in for this period. April marks the start of the main rains mid-June, is seen as the wettest time of the year and so generally do not recommend travelling during this time. As the long rains end, the migration herds run the gauntlet north to the border and between the window of July and October, the herds graze the plains of the northern Serengeti and the Masai Mara in Kenya. However, travelling during these months is a fair bit more expensive as you have to fly up to the northern plains of the Serengeti. Between November and December, the herds are making their way back southwards on the eastern side of the Serengeti. More information... Have you considered the southern parks? Often overlooked by many safari operators in favour of the northern parks, the southern parks of the Selous and Ruaha are worth serious consideration and are the preferred destination for most who are really keen on their safari. The Selous is located south of Dar es Salaam (only a 30-minute flight) in southern Tanzania, and is one of the largest designated game areas in Africa. Ruaha is approximately an hour and a half flight to the west of Selous, and is named after the Great Ruaha River that runs through the northern section of the park. The benefits of heading to the south is that, where the very north of the Serengeti gives the numbers of game, along with some seclusion, the southern parks are still very much “frontier” parks and so are noticeably less busy. The second important point is that, where the average lodge cost in the north is around $700 per person per night, the lodges in the south, where they offer a similar experience, are around $2-300 less. The third, and for us, most important reason to consider the southern parks is that, where the northern safaris are vehicle based throughout, the southern parks will allow you to walk, boat and drive, giving you a much fuller experience. Another great thing about the southern parks is that there are noticeably less camps and vehicles, which will make it feel like you have the park to yourself at times! The camps we recommend are located in the best areas of game in the parks, and can vary from earthy safari feel such as Lake Manze Camp in the Selous to somewhere more luxurious, such as Siwandu . More information... Is this your first safari? A safari is quite often featured on a bucket list. Karen Blixen’s Out of Africa, as with many other films and books, has romanticised the continent, and rightly so! Whilst the Serengeti National Park home this picturesque landscape, not all safari destinations offer vast open plains, and instead offer rising plateaus, dramatic rift valleys, riverine forests and many more. As well as the topography, the climate, seasonality and logistics all play a big part in choosing the perfect destination for your first safari. There are quite a few different options and logistics involved in a safari. A ‘fly in’ safari means that you are flown, in a small Cessna caravan plane, into the park, where you will be met on arrival on the bush airstrip. During your stay at camp, all game viewing activities is done by the camps local guides and vehicles on a shared basis. Some destinations, especially when combined, are best done by a driving itinerary because of their location and proximity to one another. Although this can save you the flight of an internal flight, it does add to the amount of time you are travelling. Climate is another important factor when considering a first safari. Although each park varies with seasonality and game patterns, East Africa generally share the same climate. April and May is the rainy season and most of the camps take the opportunity to close and undergo renovations. The months between June and October are deemed the best time to go on safari, as you can enjoy sunny, blue skies with almost no rain. November marks the start of the short rains, however it’s difficult to predict when exactly it will start and the rains are very brief. More information... Where should I stay in Zanzibar? Zanzibar island (known locally as Unguja), is an island full of contrasting landscapes and beautiful coastlines. Its capital, Stonetown is an UNESCO world heritage site, and is full of history, charm and atmosphere. Outside of the city lies remote forests home to only colobus monkeys, incredible spice plantations, white sand beaches, coral rocks and many more. There is a wealth of accommodation in Zanzibar! If you are looking for somewhere in the heart of a lovely town, then somewhere like the Z Hotel is a great choice as it sits in a location walk-able to other restaurants and bars. If you are looking for somewhere more secluded and intimate, then somewhere like Boutique Hotel Matlai is a great choice. Located on the south east of the island, the property has only 8 rooms and offers suburb attention to detail and service… perfect for honeymooners! Somewhere that works really well with families with children, or those looking for lots of facilities, then Breezes’ Beach Club is one to check out. Whatever you like, there is a property for you! As there are so many to choose from, the best thing to do would be to let us know what sort of thing you like or dislike, and we can suggest the best properties for you to get the ball rolling. More information... YOUR PROTECTION - OUR ATOL BOND We are fully bonded with ATOL so your money is safe! This means that we have been through a vetting process with the Civil Aviation Authority who have deemed us reliable and reputable. All monies paid by you for the air holiday package shown [or flights if appropriate] are ATOL protected by the Civil Aviation Authority. Our ATOL number is 10286 . For more information see our booking terms and conditions OR go to their web site at http://www.caa.co.uk/application.aspx?catid=490&pagetype=65&appid=2 and, if you would like to check on us then put in our registered number, 10286, into their finder service... (you just need the number) All the flights and flight-inclusive holidays on this website are financially protected by the ATOL scheme. When you pay you will be supplied with an ATOL Certificate. Please ask for it and check to ensure that everything you booked (flights, hotels and other services) is listed on it. But ATOL protection does not apply to all holiday and travel services listed on this website. Please ask us to confirm what protection may apply to your booking. If you do not receive an ATOL Certificate then the booking will not be ATOL protected. If you do receive an ATOL Certificate but all the parts of your trip are not listed on it, those parts will not be ATOL protected. Please see our terms and conditions for further information or for more information about financial protection and the ATOL Certificate go to: www.atol.org.uk/ATOLCertificate or ask any of our consultants who are fully versed on the ins and outs of the bonding scheme. About Us Testimonials Financial protection Social responsibility Get A Quote Contact Us Book Now Where to Go Northern Tanzania Southern Tanzania Western Tanzania Mainland Coast Zanzibar and Islands What to Do Tanzania Honeymoon Tanzania Safari Tanzania FAmily Safaris Tanzania Walking Safaris Tanzania Beach Holidays Tanzania Diving and Snorkeling Itineraries £2,000 to £3,000pp £3,000 to £4,000pp £4,000 to £5,000pp £5,000pp+ Follow us: Facebook Instagram YouTube LinkedIn - Lodge Finder - Entamanu Ngorongoro Gibb's Farm Kitela Lodge Neptune Ngorongoro Luxury Lodge Ngorongoro Crater Lodge Ngorongoro Farm House Plantation Lodge The Highlands Camp The Ngorongoro Sopa Africa Amini Maasai Lodge Katambuga House Machweo House Onsea House Rivertrees Country Inn The Arusha Coffee Lodge Alex Walker's Serian Dunia Camp Faru Faru Lodge Four Seasons Safari Lodge Kati Kati Camp Kimondo Camp Kusini Camp Legendary Serengeti Mobile Camp Lemala Kuria Hills Mbali Mbali Soroi Serengeti Namiri Plains Nimali Serengeti Camp Nomad Lamai Serengeti Nomad Serengeti Safari Camp Olakira Camp Sanctuary Kichakani Camp Sayari Mara Camp Serengeti Migration Camp Serengeti Pioneer Camp Singita Sasakwa Lodge Balloon Camp Tarangire Chem Chem Safari Lodge Maramboi Tented Camp Oliver's Tented Camp Swala Safari Camp Tarangire Treetops Kirurumu Tented Lodge Lake Manyara Tree Lodge Zawadi Azura Beho Beho Lake Manze Camp Mivumo River Lodge Roho ya Selous Rufiji River Camp Sand Rivers Selous Selous Impala Camp Siwandu Camp Ikuka Jabali Ridge Jongomero Camp Kichaka Camp Kigelia Camp Kwihala Camp Mdonya Old River Mwagusi Camp Ruaha River Lodge Chada Camp Katavi Wildlife Camp Greystoke Mahale Mbali Mbali Mahale Baraza Resort & Spa Boutique Hotel Matlai Breezes Beach Club & Spa Dongwe Ocean View Echo Beach Hotel Essque Zalu Green and Blue Kasha Boutique Hotel Kilindi Beach Resort Kono Kono Matemwe Beach House Matemwe Main Matemwe Retreat Mchanga Beach Lodge Milele Villas Mnemba Lodge Pongwe Beach Hotel Qambani Ras Nungwi Hotel Shooting Star Lodge Sunshine Hotel The Palms The Residence The Z Hotel The Zanzibari Hotel Unguja Lodge White Sands Villas Xanadu Villas and Retreat Beyt al Salaam Emerson Spice Jafferji House The Seyyida Hotel Butiama Beach Pole Pole Constance Aiyana Fundu Lagoon Manta Resort Vamizi Island, Mozambique Fanjove Private Island Ras Kutani Hotel The Oyster Bay Hotel The Serena Hotel © The Travel Specialists 2019 | Corporate Info | Terms & Conditions | Privacy | Sitemap Branding & design by Brave Drupal development by Quantos 