Welcome to Authentic Americana – The TIKI RESORT features a fun mix of modern and nostalgic design Skip to content Welcome to Authentic Americana The TIKI RESORT features a fun mix of modern and nostalgic design .site-title-wrapper #masthead #menu-toggle Home About Us Contact Us FAQ Gallery Specials Dining and Shows Articles #site-navigation Poolside Double Queen Our standard poolside room with a convenient exterior entrance. These rooms have full baths with tub and showers. These rooms  can accommodate four guests. Rollaway bed is not available for this room type. Double Queen Room Deluxe Queen Room is located in our hotel building with a stand up balcony, full baths with tub and shower. These rooms can accommodate up to five guests and a rollaway bed. Family Suite Family suite features two queen beds and a full size sofa sleeper, new walk-in showers and an outdoor patio. These suites can accommodate six persons. Welcome The iconic  TIKI  Resort overlooks the panoramic mountain scenery of beautiful Lake George. Secluded, serene, simply luxurious... nestled in a breathtakingly beautiful spot in lovely Lake George, relax and enjoy our spacious, comfortable lodging with a host of amenities. Need   activity ?  We have swimming at our 60 foot pool that overlooks the beautiful vistas of Lake George, a heated indoor pool, children's playground, barbeque grills, fitness room and much more for our guests to enjoy .   We are a 5 minute walk to the center of the Village and Lake George Cruises, 4 miles to the shopping outlets, next to the Festival Commons at the Charles R. Wood Park and 25 miles to Saratoga Race Track   Book Rooms Now... For our special internet special, book directly with us. We also offer a Bed and Breakfast package during select dates online only. These packages are designed to save you even more. Reservations .page-content #post-## #main #primary #content .site-footer-inner #colophon Copyright © 2019 Welcome to Authentic Americana — Primer WordPress theme by GoDaddy .site-info-inner .site-info .site-info-wrapper #page 