Travel Solutions I The Travel Agency of your Choice Home Cruises Destination Weddings Escorted Vacations Groups Virtuoso Other Services Gallery About Us Contact Us MENU A beautiful sight and experience for every type of traveler Traveling should be about breathtaking sights, good food, comfort and leisure and great company–it shouldn’t be a headache! The world is at your doorstep Travel Solutions is greatly invested in seeing you enjoy the well-deserved vacation we’ve planned for you. We offer a diverse range of service offerings for you to choose from! One Decision. Many Destinations. Welcome Aboard to your Dream Vacation [if lt IE 9]><script>document.createElement('video');</script><![endif] /wp-content/uploads/2017/02/Travel-Solutions-30.mp4 We are the travel agency to make your dream vacations come alive. At Travel Solutions, we are all about seeing you have fun, feel satisfied, and being cared for. Our personalized services are meant to create a special vacation plan particularly for you and your needs. Have you been longing to cruise the Mediterranean? Maybe travel in groups on a weekend getaway? No matter what your unique vacation goals are, we have a trip of a lifetime for you! Learn More Contact Us You are the focus of our services We continue to succeed as a travel agency because we never fail to listen to and heed your preferences. If it’s a solemn sanctuary, a quick skiing trip on the mountains, or a vibrant and bustling night life you want, we can make it happen for you! Travel Solutions was born out of a need to provide our clients with a thoroughly-researched ideal vacation outline that they can use, so they don’t spend their free time stuck on the planning phase. Our researchers and advisors collaborate with industry players and sort through information to generate the most ideal and convenient travel package that will satisfy and answer your needs. As a travel agency, our goal is to eliminate the complexity of planning a trip on your own. We will offer destination suggestions, make vacation itineraries, and plan travel arrangements for you, so all you’ll have to do is pack your traveling essentials and fully enjoy the holiday you have earned. At Travel Solutions, we’ll have you traveling smarter. Our services will begin with an initial consultation and assessment of your desired vacation plan–when it will take place, where you want to go, how long you’re staying, and more. Afterward, it will be our services taking care of analyzing each aspect of your plan, and we’ll come up with a selection of options and alternatives that you can choose from. Once you’ve decided on your ideal vacation plan, we’ll handle the rest of your trip, book your transportation and accommodations. We will also provide a guide on weather conditions, local customs, and attractions. Don’t allow your dream vacation to remain as it is--a dream. We invest in your happiness. Travel Solutions has everything you need, from cruises, bus tours, destination weddings, to escorted vacations. Contact us now and see the world at your doorstep! Contact Us Partners Contact Us  905-896-6958 Direct Line: 416-995-1363 Toll Free Number: 1-800-264-4770  bookings@travelsolutions.ca Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Privacy Policy  |  Website Created by PLATYPUS 