Truckee Hotel Live Music & Events See the full Calendar on Facebook About History Rooms <li id="tabHeader_4">Events</li> Webcam About Located in the heart of historic downtown Truckee, when you walk into the lobby you will find a caring and gracious staff that will go out of their way to make you feel welcome and at home. The warm earth tone and rich wood complements the fresh mountain air as you ease into your stay with us. Every morning from 7-10 a.m. a continental breakfast of rich brewed coffee and herbal teas, baked goods, fruit, oatmeal/cereals and juice can be enjoyed in a warm setting while capturing the daily weather and news on a large flat screen TV. The Truckee Hotel is centrally located to many North Lake Tahoe ski areas such as Squaw Valley, site of the 1960's Winter Olympics, as well as Northstar, Sugar Bowl, Alpine Meadows, Tahoe Donner, Royal Gorge and more, including Tahoe's latest action packed Woodward at Tahoe. While staying at the Truckee Hotel you can access all of North Lake Tahoe's best amenities, shop in Downtown Truckee or dine in the many restaurants and bistros nearby. History Established in 1873, the Truckee Hotel is a staple in tales of Truckee's past. First built as the American House, later known as the Whitney House, the structure stands tall on the historical registry. Touched by many as a stagecoach stop on the Dutch Flat Wagon Road, the Truckee Hotel remains a drop-in for Sierra visitors, historians, adventure seekers, foodies, actors, and musicians. In 1976 the hotel was renamed The Truckee Hotel, and in 1992, extensive exterior renovations restored the building to its present day appearance. The recent interior remodel with warm earth tone color carpeting, linens, finishings, amenities and rich wood complements the fresh mountain air as you ease into your stay with us. Rooms We have a variety of accommodations with twin, double, queen or king size beds. Most of our rooms are for two people, but we also have four family rooms that sleep up to five. 100% non-smoking, no pets allowed. Our twenty-eight European Rooms have their own sinks, in the European tradition, and share baths down the hall. There are nine hall bathrooms throughout the hotel, each designed for individual use with privately locking doors, all in immaculate condition. Our eight American Rooms with private baths have beautiful claw foot tubs with shower curtains. Two of the American rooms can be adjoined to a European Room to accommodate families or friends. Complimentary wi-fi. Room rates vary from $79-$229. <div class="tabpage" id="tabpage_4"> </div> Webcam Google Map Directions to Moody's Bistro Bar & Beats Reserve a Room (530) 587-4444 Take a tour Reserve a Room Map and Directions Read reviews on Yelp Read reviews on TripAdvisor Follow us on Twitter PRIVACY POLICY What information do we collect? We collect information from you when you sign up for our specials and online news; or, when you make a reservation using our secure online reservation system. When making an online reservation or signing up on our site; you may be asked to enter your name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number and/or credit card information. You may, of course, visit our site anonymously. What do we use your information for? Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways: To process transactions Your information will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the service requested. To send periodic emails The email address you provide for making an online reservation or signing up for e-news, will only be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your reservation or to periodic announcements of news and specials. If you decide to opt-in to our mailing list, you will receive emails that may include news, updates, related product or service information, etc. How do we protect your information? We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you make a reservation. Do we disclose any information to outside parties? We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. Non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses. Third party links In addition to our third party reservations link; we may include, at our discretion, third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites. California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent. Online Privacy Policy Only This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline. Your Consent By using our site, you consent to our online privacy policy. Changes to our Privacy Policy If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page. This policy was last modified on February 3rd, 2014. × 10007 Bridge Street, Truckee, CA 96161 Website © 2019 Orbital Laboratory Privacy Policy 