Turkish Travel Blog : Destinations, Info and Guide to Turkey Istanbul Cappadocia Aegean Mediterranean Black Sea Central Anatolia East Turkish Travel Blog Turkish People, Culture, History, and Places inTurkey Culture History Food Random Save Money in Istanbul City of Istanbul : The Most Popular Destination in Turkey The Hagia Sophia of Istanbul : A Story of 3 Cities The glorious and stunning Hagia Sophia of Istanbul! I have been twice and I would go again and again. The former church, mosque and now official museum has a saintly ambiance combined with Byzantine and Islamic architecture. Sitting in the old city part of Istanbul called Sultan Ahmet, it joins other nearby landmarks belonging to […] 8 Unusual and Cool Things to do in Istanbul Istanbul, an iconic city and the most popular tourist destination in Turkey, has immense dignity and pride. The cultural infusion of various communities, modern influences, and its historical timeline is impossible to ignore. Most travel publications have detailed articles about things to do in Istanbul. They normally involve shopping in the historical Grand Bazaar, visiting […] How to Save Money with the Istanbul Tourist Pass Tourism in Turkey is catching up fast with standards in western worlds. Gone are the days of rusty old buses and sub-standard hotels. The industry now provides tourists with every amenity they want and one concept to hit the market is the Istanbul Tourist Pass. It is the brainchild of the team behind the popular […] Grand Bazaar of Istanbul : Photos & Shopping Guide The Grand Bazaar of Istanbul is a lot more than your average shopping mall. Shopkeepers are not shy about letting you know  they want your money and will do their best to get it. Sixty streets covered with thousand of shops can be overwhelming if you are not a hard core shopper. On my first […] Cappadocia : Land of Cave Churches and Hot Air Balloon Trips Goreme : The Backpacking Hub of Cappadocia On my first visit to Goreme in Cappadocia, Turkey in November 2009, I was all over it like a hot rash. The summer had officially finished yet it was still thriving with backpackers arriving from Istanbul on the overnight bus. There seemed to be travelers from all over the world heading there with eager anticipation […] 5 Years Later : The Goreme Open Air Museum I first visited the Goreme Open Air Museum of Cappadocia in 2010 and my write-up was neither kind nor full of praise. I accused the guidebook of incorrect information and my exact words to describe the historical UNESCO World Heritage site were… “Goreme Open Air Museum is 13 cave churches that all look the same. […] A Boutique Hotel in Cappadocia called the Castle Inn Sometimes the most unexpected and delightful events occur if we are willing to step outside of our comfort zone. A perfect example is what happened to me on my last visit to Cappadocia, when I discovered what was to be my favourite boutique hotel in Cappadocia. On every visit to the region, I always book […] Mustafapasa: The Greek Sinasos Like many other small villages of Turkey, Mustafapasa in the central Cappadocia region of Turkey is steeped in Greek Orthodox history, specifically the Ottoman years before the Turkish War of Independence in the early 20th century, when Turks and Greeks lived side by side in harmony. Stories of the ethnic groups residing together throughout Turkey […] Turkish Culture and Traditions About Turkish Tea : The National Drink of Turkey People who are unfamiliar with the country of Turkey assume the national drink is coffee, but in fact, tea is the inseparable drink of Turkish culture. Women, family, and friends often meet in tea gardens, while men flock to the male dominated teahouses that are a focal point of most villages and towns. Harking back […] Turkish Culture – A Guide to Social Traditions One thing you will soon realize when visiting Turkey is part of the Turkish culture involves being very sociable. Turkish people love to meet new friends and think nothing of spending half the day talking to a complete stranger while putting the world to rights. People who come  from countries that are reserved may be […] Learn How To Speak Turkish : The Beginner Guide Despite my love for Turkey, one aspect of living in the country that I absolutely hate is learning how to speak Turkish. Do I need to know it? Well, not really. Many expats live in Turkey without speaking the language but I believe that life is a lot easier when you know the lingo. So […] 37 Ways to Tell if You Act Like a Turk When I first came to Turkey, the constant barrage of all things new and in some cases frankly odd, fascinated me. Little Turkish quirks displayed by my newfound friends and learning about daily aspects of life in the country like how to catch the bus, banking systems, and social greetings, made me feel like I […] Mediterranean Coast & the Turkish Riviera The Ghost Village Of Kayakoy Kayakoy ghost village lies a short distance from the bustling and popular resorts of Fethiye and Olu Deniz. It is deserted, it is lifeless, the houses are crumbling and the streets are empty. However, there is an aura and an overwhelming presence that hovers over the village. Some visitors might not sense it, but I […] Butterfly Valley I handed my fare over to the taxi boat captain and sat down on the wooden seat bench breathing a great sigh of relief. In retrospect, my plans for that day were not complicated. I just wanted to catch the taxi boat from the beach at Olu Deniz to the well-known landmark of Butterfly Valley, […] Santa Claus and His Life in Turkey Every year around Christmas time, millions of parents across the world take part in the biggest deception concerning Santa Claus.  It starts in the early years of a child’s life when the parents promise an abundance of presents from Santa for good behavior. They tell stories of the North Pole, the fat man who lives […] Kas : Mediterranean Delight in Turkey Kas is everything that a typical Mediterranean seaside resort in Turkey should be.  White washed houses cascade down the winding mountain roads to show the way to beautiful beaches and a harbor that reminds you that  life is in fact quite good and while in Kas, the best thing to do is to adapt quickly […] Aegean Coast Beautiful Pamukkale and Ancient Hierapolis Pamukkale and Hierapolis ancient city ruins in the Denizli region of Turkey is a UNESCO World Heritage site. Nicknamed “Cotton Castle” because of its white calcium thermal pools solidified on the side of a hill, along with the landmark structures of Hierapolis, they were the country’s most visited tourist attraction in 2014. Sitting inland within […] Majestic Architecture of the Celsus Library in Ephesus The Celsus library in Ephesus is probably one of the most photographed historical structures of Turkey. It belongs to the ancient city located on the Aegean coast, near the holiday resort of Kusadasi and the working town of Selcuk. One of my interests, while I learn about my adopted country is the history of Turkey, […] Guide to Ephesus Ancient City and Ruins The colourful timeline of Turkey’s history means that the country is awash with historical sites dating from many civilizations. Out of all of them, Ephesus ancient city ruins are probably the most well-known, attracting thousands of visitors every day. Ephesus ancient city is to Turkey what the pyramids are to Egypt or the Colosseum to […] My Turkish Painting Holiday Drawing and painting have never been strong talents of mine. I believe I’m a creative person but throughout my life, have never been able to use a pencil or art brush to create pictures worth hanging on the wall. Maybe that is why I drifted towards photography instead, because it seems like all the work […] Random Information and Ramblings The Guide to Using Money in Turkey People visiting Turkey usually want to know about the money first. After all, it makes the world go round and whether or not, you have a budget, knowing about the currency, exchange rates, fees, and charges, means you will spend wisely. So let’s get started by discussing the relevant facts about using money in Turkey […] Teach English in Turkey As part of the monthly posts about how to financially support yourself while travelling or moving to this country, one option that pops up, again and again, is to teach English in Turkey as a foreign language. Now this is something that I’ve never done, although many of my online friends have or are doing […] Ways to Fund Living in Turkey as a Foreigner One question I am frequently asked is how I fund my life in Turkey. People enquiring are generally girls who have met someone while on holiday here, and they would like to stay in the country. Others are middle-aged couples who do not want to wait until pensionable age to experience the life in the […] Options for Mobile Internet Access in Turkey For most people, a major concern when they come to Turkey is how to stay connected to the Internet. We are addicted to it and most of our daily lives require it, whether this is to chat with friends on Facebook, upload photos online, use maps, or gain access to mobile apps. Many people activate […] Work In Turkey : Discussing Jobs & Working Permits Every summer many holidaymakers fall in love with Turkey and develop a dream to return here but the only way they can sustain that vision is by finding work to support themselves financially. The article that I previously wrote about this subject received much attention because working in Turkey was a minefield to be negotiated […] Should You Sunbathe Topless in Turkey? Every year, thousands of women rush to the beaches and swimming pools of Turkey. The first day is consumed with thoughts of getting a golden sun kissed tan. Towels are laid on sunbeds, the oil is rubbed into pearly white skin, then the bikini top comes off and they lie back to relax while the […] Recent Posts A Guide to Gulet Sailing Holidays in Turkey I am incredibly grateful for countless travel memories that I can look back on with fondness but one of my favourite is gulet cruising in Turkey. It was a four night, five-day sailing holiday along the Mediterranean coast from Fethiye to Olympus. Choosing to partly detox from an Internet addiction, and relax at the same […] 4 Documentaries About Istanbul Worth Watching Mert Gurel is a Turkish film enthusiast with a particular passion for interesting documentaries about Istanbul. This is natural, given that he lives and works in the bustling city. His job as a fixer for  video productions means he sources everything that foreign and domestic companies need to make a good film or documentary in […] What Defines Luxury Travel in Turkey? In the last few years, Turkey has embarked on a building spree of 5-star all-inclusive hotels, sold at budget prices, over the internet and through travel agents. Appealing mostly to British, Bulgarian, Georgian and Russian clientele, they are scattered all over the Aegean and Mediterranean coasts. Admittedly, they do offer value for money with unlimited […] Why Turkey Should Be Your Next Holiday Destination Note: This is a guest post by Saskia from Alaturka Turkey. Turkey is a unique country, situated between Europe, Asia, and the Middle East. The influence of all three can be seen throughout country – in the history, the culture, the architecture, the fashion and the food. Muslim Mosques sit alongside Christian churches and Catholic […] How to Avoid Getting Stung on Your Holiday Money Preparing to go on holiday can be stressful. No doubt about it.On top of important things like work deadlines and getting your pet cat sorted, there are super-important things like choosing which factor sun cream to buy or constructing a witty “out of office” email. One thing that often gets left to the last minute […] Good Reasons to Visit Yalova in Turkey Foreign travellers tend to bypass Yalova in Turkey, but for many years, locals of Istanbul who want to escape city life for a few days, have favoured it as the ideal destination. Summer weekends when the children are off school are a traditional time for them to go. For city dwellers, Yalova offers everything including […] Search This Website All inclusive package holidays from Sunmaster Everything Else Blog Sitemap GDPR, Privacy and Cookies Terms of Use and Disclaimer Follow Us Facebook Twitter Pinterest 