LOCAL TRAVEL AGENTS Designers for your Turks & Caicos Vacation End Facebook Pixel Code end Simple Custom CSS and JS start Simple Custom CSS and JS end Simple Custom CSS and JS 1-877-774-5486 Request a Quote Travel Agents Why Book With Us? Home Deals Resorts Villas All Inclusive Things To Do Planning Magazine Home Deals Resorts Villas All Inclusive Things To Do Planning Magazine Request a Quote For Travel Agents Turks And Caicos Reservations PLANNING TO COME TO TURKS & CAICOS? WE'RE ALREADY HERE! LET OUR TRAVEL DESIGNERS PLAN & BOOK YOUR CUSTOM VACATION... WITH THE BEST PORTFOLIO OF RESORTS, VILLAS, RESTAURANTS & ACTIVITIES HOTELS & RESORTS HOTELS | RESORTS | ALL INCLUSIVE Current Packages GREAT DEALS | VACATION PACKAGES LUXURY VILLAS Private Beachfront Villas Planning to come to Turks And Caicos? We’re already here! CREATING EXTRAORDINARY VACATIONS FOR VISITORS TO TURKS AND CAICOS SINCE 2008 Over the past 10+ years, we’ve curated thousands of vacations to these magical islands. We’re based in beautiful Grace Bay, so no one knows Turks & Caicos like we do. From arrival to departure, we’ve got you covered: meet-and-greet airport express service, airport transfers, a wide portfolio of Turks and Caicos resorts , all inclusive resorts , and luxury villas , hand-picked restaurants , unforgettable tours and activities , even car rentals. Above all, WE KNOW THE BEST, WE BOOK THE BEST. We’re excited – let’s get your dream vacation started! Request a Quote Our Turks & Caicos Travel Designers We’re a locally-based Turks and Caicos vacation booking service that will handle even the smallest details. Having booked thousands of vacations to these islands, you’re in good hands with well trusted locals that know the... Get to know more about Island Expert Val Our Turks & Caicos Travel Designers With keen attention to detail, a knack for being ‘snap on’ for recommending the ideal accommodations, restaurants and activities for both couples and families alike, Susan has been curating picture perfect vacations to the... Get to know more about Island Expert Susan Our Turks & Caicos Travel Designers Born and bred in the stunning island of South Caicos, Sonya can really give you the goods when it comes to ‘asking a local’.  With a particular focus on arranging tours, activities, restaurants, she nails it every... Get to know more about Island Expert Sonya Why Book With Us? CUSTOMIZED TRIPS All of our Itineraries are personalized to match your dates, travel style, and budget, so that you experience Turks & Caicos the way you dreamed it Learn more.. ADVICE FROM LOCAL TRAVEL DESIGNERS Make the most of your time in the Islands with advice from our travel designers based in Grace Bay, Providenciales. Learn more.. FREE BOOKING PERKS From Airport Transfers & Restaurant credits, to a bottle of champagne or Sunset Sail, you’ll get a little extra thank you with every booking. Learn more.. Health and Wellness in Turks and Caicos READ ARTICLE COMO Parrot Cay – Ideal Vacation Getaway for Families READ ARTICLE Traveling to Turks and Caicos With Young Children READ ARTICLE The Top 5 Places to Grab Drinks in the Turks & Caicos READ ARTICLE Plan the ultimate Honeymoon Vacation in Turks and Caicos READ ARTICLE Providenciales Beaches – My Top 5 Picks! READ ARTICLE Bugaloo’s local restaurant and bar READ ARTICLE Plan Your Fairytale Anniversary in Turks and Caicos READ ARTICLE Ten of our favourite Turks and Caicos cocktails READ ARTICLE Thursday Night Fish Fry – put on your dancing shoes! READ ARTICLE ======= Right Button ========= Our Customers Love Us as much as We Love them! Mary Coulter My husband and I with our two mid-twenty-year-old daughters recently returned from a week’s vacation in Provo. I was looking for assistance relative to accommodations, excursions, dinner reservations and more. There are so many choices – it’s daunting! Val and his team helped us to focus our search on properties, excursions and dining reservations that interested us most. We were extremely pleased with the level of service received by Val and his entire team. They were quick to respond and even assisted us further once we got to the island with more questions. They are a great resource to maximize your time on the island! Mary Coulter Mark Fleming So glad I decided to use this local company for my Anniversary trip! Their staff was fantastic to work with. Our incoming flight was delayed by an entire day due to bad winter weather, yet they managed to extend our stay by an extra day without an added cost! Turks and Caicos was the best trip we’ve ever taken to date (and we travel a lot). The people are fantastic, it’s beautiful, and the food is delicious. Mark Fleming Stephanie, HCI Group Working with this group based in Grace Bay was such a huge help to having the perfect trip planned for a business retreat! Their travel designers really went out of their way to make every detail of our trip excellent, from the very beginning. They were always available to answer any questions we had and really went the extra mile to make sure all of our travel needs were met. For planning travel with a large group, during peak season and for a long weekend (all very challenging variables!) they really did an excellent job! Stephanie, HCI Group mummy_of_2_CA, Tripadvisor user We’ve been to Provo many times, and wished we’d found these guys sooner. They’ve been incredibly helpful in booking accommodations with best rates, and recommending tours and excursions. In our most recent booking, Sonya took care of all the little details, including an additional car day rental when we needed it, without us requesting first. It’s that kind of customer service that makes them so unique. Don’t miss their blog either…we still refer to their blog post about travelling to the islands with kids! mummy_of_2_CA, Tripadvisor user Heather N After planning a wedding, let’s just say I thought I was a PRO at planning. That was until I started researching the Turks & Caicos! There’s so much information out there and a LOT to choose from. It can also be difficult to really gauge from just reading online and looking at ‘reviews’. The team and this group is SUPER helpful and very detailed oriented (which is extremely important to me). It made my trip planning SO much easier! From the resort to tours/activities to restaurants/shops/location, they really are the best. Do yourself a favor and save yourself the trouble of having to make all your plans on your own. These guys are fabulous! Heather N JC Jewel I visited Turks and Caicos for the first time in December 2017 and arranged my entire trip with this group. I’m talking fast track and meet and greet service at the airport, transfers, tours and activities, car rentals.. they even suggested and booked some amazing restaurants that I would have not known of if they didn’t suggest them. The entire ‘dreaming, planning and booking’ experience was seamless, professional and exceeded ALL of my expectations! If I visit Turks again, and I’m sure I will, they will be my first call. JC Jewel This group offer so much more than a place to stay…it seems as though they know just about everything and everyone in the Turks and Caicos. They found the perfect resort for us a couple of times and also gave advice about how to plan our trip. It’s a family business, and it shows. We would definitely book through them again. The level of service they provide is beyond exceptional! It’s also great to know that if we were to have any issues while on island, that they’ll be there to help us through it. Marg Customer They helped me pick the perfect resort for my family.  I told them a little about what we were looking for, and they nailed it!  I enthusiastically recommend Turks and Caicos Reservations. Kathy Mountcastle Customer These folks were a GODSEND for me!   My family was stranded with a bad booking and I called them with only a weeks notice before my arrival on Christmas eve. Susan was super helpful and set us up with a great resort when I was convinced there was absolutely nothing else available . She was lifesaver! Also set us up with a car and New Years Eve party! Couldn’ t ask for better assistance. Really would trust these folks to do the right thing and get the best deals due to great local contacts.  Highly recommend them. Melinda Johnson Customer We’ve booked several vacations to Turks & Caicos with this group. Great experience every time! It is great to have someone on the island that has a lot of contacts and knows the islands really well. They’ve also helped us out a few times when we had some travel issues (found hotels in high season when our hometown travel agent or ourselves couldn’t, and even contacted places/people to reschedule things when we ran into mechanical plane issues and had to show up a day later)! Judy Brunelle Take the stress out of planning your vacation and let the pros help. Yes, Help me Plan my Trip Stay Updated Latest Deals, Newsletters & Island News First Name * Email * Email This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Contact Us Turks & Caicos Reservations 1 Caribbean Place, 1254 Leeward Highway Providenciales, Turks & Caicos Islands Toll Free: 1-877-774-5486 Local: 1-649-432-1708 Email: book@turksandcaicosreservations.tc Turks & Caicos Reservations GPS map Follow Us To Paradise © 2019 Turks & Caicos Reservations. All Rights Reserved. #sb-site start Simple Custom CSS and JS end Simple Custom CSS and JS start Simple Custom CSS and JS end Simple Custom CSS and JS start Simple Custom CSS and JS end Simple Custom CSS and JS Google Tag Manager (noscript) End Google Tag Manager (noscript) 