Tuscany Elite Accommodations - Tuscany accommodations vacation rentals Tuscany Elite Accommodations Holiday rentals in Tuscany - Italy Accommodations in castles, villas, house, farmhouses, bed and breakfast Who we are useful news Work with us Tuscany Special Offers Contact us National Parks National parks in Tuscany Sales Rental Home Tuscany accommodations vacation rentals A selection of rentals for your holiday in Tuscany, on Tuscany Elite you will find a wide selection of Villas, Apartments, Holiday Houses, Farmhouses, Apartments in farmhouse, farmer's Houses, Bed and Breakfast, Hotels in Tuscany, period Residences, Luxury Castles and Villas. Tuscany holidays villa swimming pool, holiday apartments with swimming pool, Farmhouse in Tuscany, Holiday homes in Chianti, Bed and Breakfast, Hotels in Florence, period Residences in Florence . Tuscany Elite Accomodations offers a selection of Villas , Apartments , Holiday Houses , Farmhouses, Apartments in farmhouse , farmer's Houses , Bed and Breakfast , Hotels in Tuscany, period Residences in Florence. Luxury Castles and Villas for your holidays or your Wedding. It offers you also a selection of typical Restaurants and trattorias where you can taste the traditional Tuscan cuisine, Pizza restaurants and other culinary specialities. Tuscany vacation rentals In main cities Arezzo: AREZZO CAPOLONA CASTIGLION FIORENTINO CORTONA LORO CIUFFENNA Firenze: BARBERINO VAL D'ELSA BORGO SAN LORENZO CERTALDO EMPOLI FIRENZUOLA FLORENCE GAMBASSI TERME IMPRUNETA LASTRA A SIGNA MONTAIONE MONTELUPO FIORENTINO MONTESPERTOLI PONTASSIEVE REGGELLO SAN CASCIANO IN VAL DI PESA SAN GODENZO TAVARNELLE VAL DI PESA VICCHIO Grosseto: CINIGIANO GROSSETO MASSA MARITTIMA MONTE ARGENTARIO ORBETELLO PITIGLIANO ROCCASTRADA SCARLINO SORANO Livorno: CAMPIGLIA MARITTIMA CASTAGNETO CARDUCCI PORTOFERRAIO SAN VINCENZO SUVERETO Lucca: LUCCA PIETRASANTA Pisa: VOLTERRA Pistoia: MONSUMMANO TERME Prato: PRATO Siena: ASCIANO CASTELLINA IN CHIANTI CASTELNUOVO BERARDENGA CHIANCIANO TERME GAIOLE IN CHIANTI MONTEPULCIANO MONTERIGGIONI POGGIBONSI RAPOLANO TERME SAN GIMIGNANO SARTEANO TORRITA DI SIENA In main areas Florence Historical centre Florence - Ponte Vecchio Florence- Piazza della Signoria Florence Santa Maria Novella Florence San Lorenzo Florence - Santa Croce Florence - Piazza Duomo Florence - San Frediano Florence - Piazza Pitti Florence Romito Florence- Campo di Marte Florence-Porta a Prato Florence Piazza Della Libertà Florence-Cure Florence-Gavinana Florence-Settignano Chianti Etruscans Coast Argentario Coast Le Crete Senesi Maremma Mugello Prato Historical centre Val d' Elsa Orcia Valley Val di Chiana Versilia Nievole Valley Types of properties for rent in Tuscany Farm Holidays Tuscany Apartments Tuscany Florence Apartments Apartments Villa Tuscany Villas Tuscany Bed & Breakfast Tuscany Country houses indipendent Holiday Home Tuscany Castles & Luxury villas Tuscany Period Residences Tuscany Hotels Florence Hotels Wedding Tuscany Villa Florence Other activities of Tuscany Elite • B & B Florence • Restaurants • Enoteche • Art Tavarnelle Val di Pesa Il Fienile Tavarnelle Val di Pesa Il Fienile Weekly Price: From €310,00 Tuscany Apartments . Farm holiday in  Chianti area with  3 apartments from 2 to 6 sleeping accommodations, garden, barbecue. The farm house is located in Tavarnelle Val di Pesa close to Florence and Siena - Tuscany Hospitality in the hills of the Chianti region in contact with nature and art in the peacefulness of Tuscan country in the centre among Florence, Siena, San Gimignano and other main Cities of Art. ... view Impruneta Residence Impruneta Residence Weekly Price: From € 406,00 Rental apartments for your holiday in Tuscany . All apartments , sunny with a panoramic view and surrounded by a splendid park, have independent entrance and are equipped with kitchen nook(gas stoves, fridge, freezer, dishwasher, oven and electric coffee maker), terracotta floors, safe, satellite TV (CNN, ZDF, EUROSPORT), hair dryer, telephone with direct line, furnished terrace and individual heating. ... view Apartment La Cupola Apartment La Cupola Weekly Price: From€ 630,00 sq. Meters: 32 Sleeping accommodations: 2 Historical centre of Florence Holiday house in Tuscany, Florence, Italy Finely restored apartment, furnished and equipped with every comfort, ideal for couples with magnificent views The apartment is located in Piazza Beccaria (Borgo La Croce area),just a few steps from the most characteristic streets of Florence..  ....packed with craft shops and characteristic restaurants, just walking distance from the historic city center and important monuments as well as the famous and historic food market of Sant'Ambrogio. The apartment is located on the fourth and last floor , in one of Florence's most beautiful historic building offering comfortable accommodation for two persons . The apartment has recently been tastefully refurbished and elegantly furnished with both antique and modern furniture and it offers stunning views all round. The bedroom faces the picturesque hills of Fiesole , whilst the Dome , the Giotto bell tower and the Palazzo Vecchio can be seen from the entrance hall window. ... view Gambassi Terme Bed & Breakfast sq. Meters: 320 Swimming-pool: 1 To sleep in Tuscany Farmhouse vacations Price: From € 65,00    Tuscany Farmhouse Antico Casale Gambassi Terme Bed & Breakfast  between Florence Siena. For Holidays in Tuscany, week end! Cosy rooms , silence and tranquility, houshold restaurant, swimming pool, welliness centre. ... view Enoteca Per...Bacco Firenze ... view Florence apartment Bellavista Florence apartment Bellavista Weekly Price: From € 730 ?xml:namespace prefix = o ns = "urn:schemas-microsoft-com:office:office" / sq. Meters: 58 Sleeping accommodations: 2+1 Historical centre of Florence Self catering apartments Florence Italy ,to sleep in Tuscany in the historical centre of Florence Nice apartment is situated in the historic centre of Florence (in restricted traffic zone), only 100 meters from the Duomo Square. From the sun terrace and from the window you have a beautiful view of the Santa Croce church . In few minutes, walking, you will reach: Accademia Gallery, Uffizi museum, Ponte Vecchio, Signoria square etc..... It located on .... floor (with lift) of an historical building, modern and antiques furnitures   ... view Montaione Borgo Rental apartments Tuscany Chianti Italy Weekly Price: From € 550 Set on a low hill in the heart of the Tuscan countryside and surrounded by olive groves and vineyards, " Montaione Borgo " is a small medieval farm settlement recently restored to preserve its 18th century Florentine architecture and converted into 12 apartments (2-8 persons) to welcome those who wish to spend a relaxing holiday in Tuscany getting in touch with nature. Its hilltop position (350 metres a.s.l.) means that the farm enjoys a lovely climate and a beautiful view of the surrounding countryside. ... view Villa il Canto Villa il Canto Weekly Price: From €1100,00 sq. Meters: 160+58 Sleeping accommodations: 6+3 Swimming pool: 1 Villa  in Tuscan Country , Cheap accommodation . Swimming pool, Garden, parking. Panoramic view This villa (accommodates 6 people in villa + 3 people in dependance) Villa "Il Canto " (160sqm) is located in the small medieval village of Casale... Mugello Tuscany ... view San Gimignano Villa delle Rose Villa Delle Rose San Gimignano- Siena Weekly Price: From € 400,00   Rental  holidays apartments in Villa in the heart of Tuscany. Set in " Terre di Siena " on a hilltop between San Gimignano and Certaldo, you enjoy extensive views to vineyards, olive groves, fields bordered by cypresses, the extent of woods and isolated farms; the classic hills of Chianti are under your eyes, with their villages and Apennines mountains in the distance. ... view Villa Montespertoli Villa Antico Casale Luxury Villa in Tuscany. Tarifa semanal: De € 938,00 Luxury Villa rental in the heart of Tuscany in Montespertoli with private en esclusive swimming pool, only two flats Apartment " I Limoni " and Apartment " Le rose " near Florence ... view Sorano Residence Sorano Residence Price: From € 50,00 Swimming pool: 1 Beauty Center Tuscany Apartments. Farm holiday  located in Sorano , a medieval town in the province of Grosseto, with  24 apartments from 2 to 4 sleeping accommodations. The Residence consists of luxurious apartments immersed in a wonderful two hectare park, amongst striking oak groves and clean, fresh air. Inside our Residence is a 20 x 8m pool , games and a special area for children , a tavern with a beautiful view of the parkland, a typical cellar entirely carved into tuff rock and a parking lot with 80 spaces. Residence has recently been furnished with a wellbeing centre and its proximity to the Saturnia Hot Springs and the Sorano Hot Springs makes it the ideal location for a relaxing vacation in the Tuscan Maremma ... view Suite Studio Afrodite Florence Suite Studio Afrodite Weekly Price: From € 480 sq. Meters: 30 Sleeping accommodations: 2 Historical centre of Florence Charming accommodation in Florence - Suite Studio for two people - Apartment -Florence vacation accommodation - Located in the most prestigious street of Florence in an  old building,this small but comfortable accommodation (3° floor- the lift starts on  1°floor) is very quiet. It was recently restored with modern and antique taste and it is perfect for those who want to visit the historic centre of Florence. The most important monuments are a few steps from the studio. From Via Vigna Nuova, where the apartment is located, to Via Tornabuoni you will find a wide selection of the griffes, boutiques as Ermes, Gucci, Dolce&Gabbana, Cavalli and many others. ... view Residence Campiglia Marittima Residence Campiglia Marittima Weekly Price from €  350,00 Vacation in Tuscany, holiday apartments in Campiglia Marittima , Livorno, Residence with 8 apartments of 2 / 4 beds . Location panoramic views of the sea , swimming pool, golf nearby. All our apartments are furnished with care and have all the comforts to spend a relaxing holiday ... ... view Montepulciano Il Podere Montepulciano Il Podere Country , Holiday apartments, Farm Holiday Weekly Price: From € 455,00 Holiday House in Valiano- Siena- The “ Podere ”, Holiday House located in Valiano di Montepulciano (Siena) is a fine farmhouse situated in a quiet and panoramic area that overlooks the splendid Valdichiana . The structure consists of an ancient farmhouse of 1788, now completely renovated and restored to its former glory, provided with all the modern comforts. The house has seven delicious apartments (one equipped for disabled) all furnished with care and elegance, each with private bathroom and kitchen with autonomous oven and fridge, LCD TV satellite, gas heating, air conditioning , fireplace wood, Linens and utensils of all kinds. Apartments for 2 - 4- 6   people reantal for holiday ... view Tavarnelle Val di Pesa il Podere Country , Holiday apartments, Farm Holiday Weekly Price: From €   450,00   The accommodation in Tuscany " Tavarnelle Val di Pesa" in the heart of Chianti Classico  is divided into  3 apartments . The apartments have been refurbished with an eye to preserving as many of the original features as possible for a stay immersed in period atmosphere. Each apartment combines the charm of the past with modern comforts to make your holiday in Tuscany the perfect holiday . ... view www.tuscanyeliteaccommodations.com - All rights reserved 2007 - 2019 P.IVA 06211580482 Info Privacy Credits: PlaNet S.r.l Sistemi Informatici 