 Tyee Lodge | Oceanfront Bed and Breakfast in Newport, Oregon Menu Check Bubble Book My Room Home Guest Rooms Packages About About Us Amenities Breakfast History The Area Policies Contact Check Bubble Book My Room TYEE LODGE Newport, Oregon Oceanfront Bed & Breakfast Check Bubble Book My Room Plan Your Visit Tyee Lodge has five oceanfront rooms, each with a tree-framed view of the sand, surf, and horizon! Watch the waves from comfortable chairs or from your bed. Each room has one Queen-sized bed, a gas fireplace, and a private bathroom. From any room, you can open your window for fresh ocean air and the sound of the crashing surf. Open Book Room Details Oregon Experience Guest living room with fireplace and full complimentary beverage bar that includes several different wines as well as soft drinks, coffee, and teas. A microwave and mini-fridge are available for guest use. Open Book More Amenities Ocean View Breakfast A full plated breakfast is served in our Oceanview dining room each morning at 8:30 am. Each mornings’ breakfast menu is preset and displayed the evening before. Special dietary needs are taken in to consideration. Food Sample Meal Items Reviews Tyee Lodge offers gracious Oregon Coast lodging for travelers in a picturesque beachfront setting. Spectacular views of the Pacific Ocean and the incomparable Oregon coastline can be seen from every window. All rooms have private baths. Romantic & Relaxing "We recently stayed here for 2 nights to celebrate our 12 year anniversary. We had an amazing stay. Dee was so sweet and makes delicious breakfast." -Renee D. Best Place To Stay "We only stayed at the Tyee for one night. Wish it was longer the location is, well, jaw dropping. Amazing views from our room and the sitting room." -Blue B. Peaceful Setting "We arrived late at night, then awoke to one of the most beautiful views from any bed I've slept in. The whole stay was flawless. A lovely living room with coffee and wine, and a beautiful ocean view." -Todd W. Romantic & Relaxing "We recently stayed here for 2 nights to celebrate our 12 year anniversary. We had an amazing stay. Dee was so sweet and makes delicious breakfast." -Renee D. Best Place To Stay "We only stayed at the Tyee for one night. Wish it was longer the location is, well, jaw dropping. Amazing views from our room and the sitting room." -Blue B. Peaceful Setting "We arrived late at night, then awoke to one of the most beautiful views from any bed I've slept in. The whole stay was flawless. A lovely living room with coffee and wine, and a beautiful ocean view." -Todd W. Tyee Lodge Phone 1-888-553-8933 Phone Local: 541-265-8953 Envelope [email protected] Map Marker 4925 NW Woody Way, Newport, OR 97365 Facebook Gift Purchase Gift Card Site Map Home Rooms Packages About Us Contact Privacy Policy • Powered by FareHarbor Sites. Visit fareharbor.com to learn more. Powered by FareHarbor 