Upham Hotel - The most charming hotel in Santa Barbara 1404 De La Vina Street, Santa Barbara, CA 93101 (805) 962-0058 innkeeper@uphamhotel.com Reservations Reviews Accommodations ADA Accessibility Meeting Facilities History FAQs Contact Reservations Reviews Accommodations ADA Accessibility Meeting Facilities History FAQs Contact An historic treasure with contemporary comforts in the heart of Santa Barbara Book Now View Rooms FIVE STAR SERVICE The concierge and front desk staff go above and beyond to make your visit to Santa Barbara a trip to remember. We welcome you with healthful continental breakfast options, afternoon wine and cheese, and of course, evening milk and cookies. We are here to serve our guests first. Read Reviews IN THE HEART OF SANTA BARBARA Two blocks from downtown shops, cafes and fine dining, the Upham Hotel blends convenience and comfort. Visit Louie’s California Bistro on the ground floor for luncheons or fine dining. The beaches overlooking the Channel Islands and migrating dolphins is just one mile down the road. View Map MODERN AMENITIES, CLASSIC CHARM While you will find the standard extras of comfort like terrycloth bath robes and luxurious linens, you will also find each room provides modern amenities like high speed WiFi, HDMI ports for your streaming device, USB charging ports, and coming soon – Electric car charging stations. Book Now YOUR SPECIAL PLACE The Upham Hotel is the oldest continuously operating hotel in California Today, the Upham Hotel embraces its legacy while providing modern day amenities with historic charm. As a boutique property, the hotel has 50 rooms and suites located in the original inn and surrounding garden cottages. With its iconic sweeping redwood verandas, the landmark property combines the intimacy of a bed and breakfast with the convenience of a full service hotel and conference facility. We are located in Santa Barbara’s vibrant downtown shopping and historic district, surrounded by sun drenched beaches, Santa Ynez Wine Country and the Channel Islands. BOOK NOW A place to be pampered We invite you to wake up in your plush bed, dawn your terrycloth robe and get your morning off to a great start with our healthful continental breakfast. In the afternoon, you are welcomed to join us for wine and cheese, and what night would be complete with out evening Oreo cookies and milk? Of course you may expect the standard hotel amenities, like free wireless high speed internet, free parking, filtered water, newspapers, and in-room televisions – but it’s the special details like flat screen tv’s with HDMI ports for your streaming devices, USB charging ports, plush bedding, terrycloth robes, spa toiletries, and unique rooms coupled with unsurpassed customer and concierge services that will make the Upham Hotel your special place. CHECKING IN Guaranteed Check-In is at 3:00pm. If you would like to check-in early, please give us a call at (805) 962-0058 the morning of your arrival so that we can make every effort to have your room ready at your arrival time. CHECKING OUT Standard Check-Out is at 12:00 noon. If you would like a late check-out, please give us a call at (805) 962-0058 the morning of your departure and we will make every effort to schedule your check-out for the time that best meets your needs. PARKING We have first come, first served free parking for our guests. In the event that overflow parking is needed, please check with our concierge or front desk staff for additional options. AIRPORT The airport is a 20 minute drive from the Upham Hotel. We have negotiated a flat rate of $28 with Yellow Cab company for transportation to and from the airport.  HANDICAP ACCESSIBILITY A special King Fireplace Cottage has been reserved for our guests requiring a ADA accessible accommodations. Designed specifically to accommodate mobility devices, this room features a custom entrance, roll-up vanity, and a private bath adorned with extra safety features for safe and independent daily routines. ADA qualified guest can comfortably navigate from this charming room to our lobby for personal service of our extra amenities which make your stay at the Upham Hotel an utter delight Learn More SERVICE ANIMALS ONLY The Upham Hotel welcomes declared service dogs trained for specific tasks to assist a person with a disability. Pets are not allowed. Bringing a pet into a room will incur significant cleaning fees on the credit card on file. CULINARY OPPORTUNITIES Each morning we provide a continental breakfast with a variety of healthful and indulgent options. A complimentary wine and cheese reception is presented every afternoon. The evening “guilty pleasure” of Oreo’s & Milk, yes, we have that. Our property is also the home of Louie’s Bistro , providing great food in a friendly yet elegant atmosphere. Room & Suite Selection We leave cookie cutters for making cookies. Every room at the Upham is unique. With over 50 custom tailored rooms, no two rooms are exactly alike. Our rooms range from the budget friendly bungalow queen rooms to our opulent suites.  There are 12 room types to choose from: MASTER SUITE Our most deluxe accommodation includes a cozy living room with a wet bar and a bedroom with a King bed. The large bathroom features a spa jet tub and waterfall shower with French doors leading out onto a private, bi-level patio. BOOK NOW TWO BEDROOM SUITE Suitable for a family, this suite offers a master bedroom featuring a king bed with a full bath and second, smaller room with a queen bed. A living room connects the two bedrooms and includes a half bath. All three rooms face out onto your own private enclosed patio. BOOK NOW EXECUTIVE KING SUITE This two room suite features a living room and a separate bedroom with a king bed. Enjoy breakfast alfresco or sip a local wine in the evening on your private patio. With the space and comfort of luxurious bedding, you can’t go wrong. BOOK NOW JUNIOR QUEEN SUITE Our mini-suite includes a sitting room, private patio and a queen bedroom. The suite is ideal to spread out for extended stays BOOK NOW GARDEN COTTAGE FIREPLACE KING GUESTROOM These larger, charming rooms located in the garden area feature a king bed, writing desk and gas fireplace, with either a patio or a view of the garden. BOOK NOW GARDEN COTTAGE FIREPLACE QUEEN GUESTROOM These beautiful and cozy rooms are located in the garden area, feature a queen bed, a writing desk and gas fireplace. BOOK NOW GARDEN COTTAGE KING GUESTROOM This spacious room faces our beautiful garden and offers a king bed, comfy love-seat, flat screen tv and a large walk-in shower. BOOK NOW JUNIOR KING GUESTROOM For those who need a little extra space, we offer a king bed with an extra sitting area featuring a sleeper sofa or chair and a mini-fridge. BOOK NOW BUNGALOW QUEEN GUESTROOM Our most affordable accommodation featuring a queen bed with French doors facing out onto your own private patio. BOOK NOW SANTA BARBARA KING GUESTROOM Mostly located in the historic Lincoln Building, our airy king room offers a comfortable place to relax after a day on the beach or a night on the town. BOOK NOW SANTA BARBARA DOUBLE QUEEN GUESTROOM The Hibiscus Building with its spacious rooms featuring two queen beds is the perfect place for a family vacation or a girl’s weekend getaway. BOOK NOW SANTA BARBARA QUEEN GUESTROOM Each of these rooms is unique, and located throughout the property, offering choices that are sure to fit your needs. BOOK NOW Availability is limited, book early BOOK NOW Guest Stories Don’t take our word for it – here’s what our guests have to say: Upham was a great, pleasant and peaceful experience. Good beds. A Wonderful and quiet garden, a service of afternoon “treats” and hearty continental breakfast. We also enjoyed dinner in the restaurant. Verified TripAdvisor Review View More TripAdvisor Reviews My wife and I stayed for one night and loved it! Location is great, an easy walk to State Street. The room was clean and comfortable. The Continental breakfast has lots to choose from, and the complimentary wine & cheese each afternoon and Oreos & milk each evening really made the stay feel hospitable. Overall, 10/10 would stay again. Verified Google Review View More Google Reviews My experience was excellent first time visiting Santa Barbara. The stay in the hotel was amazing very cozy and just so close to everything. You can walk to the State Street and that street has a variety of stores, restaurants, etc. Verified Expedia Review View more Expedia reviews MORE THAN AN INN Meeting Facilities With four distinct meeting rooms, the Upham Hotel can host meetings and events for up to 60 people. Our professional planning staff has years of experience in putting together top level events. We can do it all from corporate trainings and director meetings to large banquets and intimate dinners. Make your meeting planning easy and call or email today. We will help make your next event a memorable one. Whether it’s a corporate event, dinner party or social gathering, the possibilities are endless.  THE ENVIRONMENT All meeting rooms, with garden or patio exposures, provide a unique setting for conferences as well as special occasions. THE TOOLS YOU NEED Our meeting facilities offer dedicated high speed internet, projectors, custom room configurations and all the tools for success. EXECUTIVE RETREATS We are able to offer room blocks and group rates for those booking our meeting facilities.   START PLANNING YOUR EVENT CONTACT OUR EVENT PLANNER  A PIECE OF HISTORY Celebrating over 125 years of hospitality When the Upham Hotel’s redwood door first opened in 1871, guests arrived by horse, steamship or on foot. That door has never closed and has welcomed thousands of guests into a comfortable, family-like atmosphere. While all the other properties have faded into history, the Upham continues to make history as the oldest, continuously operating hotel in Santa Barbara County. Join us in celebrating this rich history and learn the whole story on our history page. Learn our full history INTRODUCTION A gold rush in the wild west, settlers arrived in numbers after a brutal journey across the United States to build their dreams.  Upon arrival – there were few places to stay… THE LINCOLN HOUSE 1871-1898 Amasa Lincoln and his family were among the early arrivals.  They established “A New England-Style boarding house” to welcome the pioneers who built modern day Santa Barbara. HOTEL UPHAM 1898-1982 In 1898, Cyrus Upham purchased the Lincoln house, changing the name to Hotel Upham, and built out the estate with annex buildings and cottages. RESTORED BEAUTY 1982-CURRENT In 1982, visionary Carl Johnson took over the operations of the Upham, restoring its original beauty and building modern amenities while protecting the historic charm. GETTING HERE Come find us in the  heart of downtown   Santa Barbara 1404 De La Vina St, Santa Barbara, CA 93101 From highway 101/1 South: Take the West Mission Street Exit Head Northeast on W. Mission Street 3.5 blocks Turn right on De La Vina Street The Upham is 6 blocks ahead on the left From highway  101/1 North:  Take the Arrellaga Exit In 3 blocks, turn Right onto De Le Vina Hotel is two blocks up on the left For parking, turn left on W. Sola Street Our guest lot is located at the end of the buildings GOOGLE MAP CALL THE INN Frequently Asked Questions What time is check-in? Guaranteed Check-In is at 3:00pm. If you would like to check-in early, please give us a call at (805) 962-0058 the morning of your arrival so that we can make every effort to have your room ready at your arrival time. What time is check-out? Is late check-out available? Noon is our standard check-out time. If you would like to check-out late, please give us a call at (805) 962-0058 the morning of your departure so that we can schedule around your departure if possible. Can I pay in cash? We require cash payment in full at check-in as well as swiping a valid credit card for incidentals. When booking online, a deposit will be made on a valid credit card. The deposit is credited back when cash is received. Credits are processed in accordance with the credit card issuer’s policies and may take 3-5 business days Are animals allowed? Pets are not allowed at the Upham Hotel. Certified Service Animals are allowed in compliance with the ADA. A service animal is defined as a dog that has received specialized training to perform work or tasks that assist peoples with disabilities. Do all rooms face the garden? Many, but not all of our rooms face the gardens. If this is a priority to you, please be sure to list it under “Special Requests” and we will make every effort based on availability to assure you are assigned to a room with a garden view. Is there a refrigerator in room? Some, but not all of our rooms feature a refrigerator. If this is a priority to you, please be sure to list it under “Special Requests” and we will make every effort based on availability to assure you are assigned a room with a refrigerator. Is there a microwave in room? The rooms do not have microwaves. There is a pantry microwave in the main lobby where we are happy to warm up your food and beverages. Are additional beds available? We offer rollaway beds for rooms that are able to accommodate them. There is a $25 fee extra bed charge. If you suspect you will need an extra bed, please be sure to list that under “Special Requests” so that we can make every effort based on availability to book you in a room with the space to accommodate a roll-away bed. How much is parking? We offer free parking on a first-come, first-served basis. Do you have an elevator? We have several buildings with staircases. None of them offer elevators. If you would like accommodations without stairs, please look for our ADA-accessible rooms or list such under “Special Requests” in the booking process so that we can be sure to assign you to a room accessible without the use of stairs. Do you serve alcohol? We offer complimentary wine and cheese to our guests from 4pm until 6pm. There is a restaurant on site that serves beer and wine during their regular business hours. How far are you from downtown? We are a short two blocks from downtown Santa Barbara. How far are you from the beach? We are just one mile from the epic Santa Barbara beaches. How far are you from the airport? The airport is a 20 minute drive away. Do you offer airport transportation? We have made a special arrangement with Yellow Cab for a $28 flat rate for trips between the Upham Hotel and Airport. To get this rate, you must call 805-965-5111 in advance to schedule your ride. The cabs at the pickup zone at the airport may not honor the contracted rate without prior reservations. Is breakfast included? Yes, we offer a continental breakfast from 7am – 11am on weekdays and 7:30am – 11am on weekends Contact us We welcome questions and inquiries about our Inn and the surrounding area. Feel welcome to drop us a line, and one of our front desk attendants will be happy to reply. Don’t worry, we will only use your contact info to respond to your message. It will not be saved, used for marketing or sold – that’s not our style! Web Site Your Details Let us know how to get back to you. First Name * Last Name * Email Address * How can we help? Feel free to ask a question or simply leave a comment. Comments / Questions * 1404 De La Vina Street Santa Barbara, CA 93101 innkeeper@uphamhotel.com +1 (805) 962-0058 © 2019 The Upham, A Country House Inns Property Privacy Policy 