Home - large self catering holiday home Home - large self catering holiday home Little Gaerfields – self catering accommodation in Herefordshire -phone 01989-770281 Responsive nav Menu Standard nav Home Gallery Photos Floor Plan The Local Area Availability Directions Guestbook Contact Home Self Catering Accommodation in Herefordshire. Welcome to Little Gaerfields at Upperfields Farm, Llangarron, Herefordshire. A large self catering holiday home on a farm sleeping up to 25 in the Herefordshire Wye Valley, close to the Forest of Dean and the Welsh border. Once used for storing hay and milking cows in, the lovely old red sandstone barn (built in 1650) has been converted into a large 4-star gold holiday house sleeping 25 in 9 bedrooms It offers a dining room/kitchen for up to 30 with log burner in inglenook fireplace, 2 TV room’s,  underfloor heating, comfortable superking 6′ beds ( all double beds in the house can be made to singles  for hen parties etc, disabled bedroom with wet room, swimming pool . A shepherds hut with double bed and en-suite shower room is available as extra accommodation. Relax and unwind with family and friends or party the night away and in the morning walk one of the many footpaths around the farm and enjoy the beautiful Herefordshire countryside, a great way to start the day. For a truly relaxing stay we have local chefs who will come in and will prepare delicious meals or why not a walk across the fields to The Royal Arms at Llangrove which is 1.6 miles with wonderful views to be enjoyed on the way, supper , a drink or two and then wend your way back home under a star lit sky. Inglenook with cosy wood burner Free Wi-Fi Indoor swimming pool and swim jet All dine together in one room no pets Lovely walk to local pub via the footpaths Suitable for all ages, disabled, and group parties Wonderful views across Herefordshire Activity Providers In Herefordshire you have outdoor activities right on your doorstep. So whether you are a hen party, a group of friends or a family looking to try something different we have it all here, from fishing, golf, goape, riding horses/camels, quad bikes, gorge walking, wild food walks, team building on the farm to canoeing the Rivers Wye or Monnow. read more The Local Area There are plenty of things for you to do and see whilst you're here at Upperfields Farm. To help you make the most of your stay, we've put together a list of things to do, places to go as well as some great local restaurants and other local companies. We've also included some details on local transport to help you get around whilst you're here. read more Places To Visit The Royal Forest of Dean, Hay-on-Wye (largest book shop in the world )Mappa Mundi, Chained library, The Black and White villages, The Golden Valley, The Cider Route, Symonds Yat Rock and Maze, are just a few places to experience while you are on holiday in Herefordshire, plus a variety of food, music or walking festivals.   read more Cookie Policy Added by plugins etc Responsive nav Add class to parent menu items 