 Vale of Ffestiniog - Snowdonia Cottages - Snowdonia - North Wales. Visit us for the Perfect Break! abersoch accommodation abersoch self catering accommodation wales apartments wales ffestinog railway portmeirion coastal cottage wales coastal cottages wales coastal holiday cottages cottage abersoch cottage caernarfon cottage criccieth cottage gwynedd cottage harlech cottage holidays cottage holiday in wales cottage holidays in wales cottage holidays wales cottage in north wales cottage in snowdonia cottage in wales cottage north wales cottage porthmadog cottage snowdon cottage snowdonia cottages cottages uk cottages abersoch cottages caernarfon cottages coast cottages criccieth cottages for rent wales cottages in north wales cottages in wales cottages north wales cottages porthmadog cottages self catering wales cottages snowdonia cottages south wales cottages to let in wales cottages to rent in wales cottages to rent wales cottages wales cottages west wales country cottages country cottages uk country cottages wales country wales farm cottage wales golf holidays wales hire cottage wales holiday breaks wales holiday cottage in wales holiday cottage north wales holiday cottage snowdonia holiday cottage wales holiday cottages in north wales holiday cottages in wales holiday cottages mid wales holiday cottages snowdonia holiday cottages wales holiday cottages west wales holiday north wales holiday wales holidays in north wales holidays wales last minute cottage wales lodge wales lodges wales midweek breaks new year wales north wales accommodation north wales cottage north wales cottages north wales country cottages north wales holiday accommodation north wales holiday accomodation north wales holiday cottage north wales holiday cottages north wales holidays north wales self catering holiday porthmadog holiday cottages porthmadog wales romantic cottage wales romantic weekend breaks wales rural retreats self catering cottage wales self catering cottages wales self catering holiday wales self catering holidays wales self catering north wales selfcatering wales short break cottage wales short breaks wales snowdon cottages snowdonia cottage snowdonia cottages snowdonia country cottage snowdonia coutry cottages snowdonia holiday snowdonia holiday cottage snowdonia holiday cottages snowdonia wales wales accommodation wales cottage wales cottages wales holiday wales holiday accommodation wales holiday cottages wales holiday lodges wales holiday rental wales holidays wales self catering weekend away wales weekend break in wales weekend break wales weekend breaks in north wales weekend breaks in wales weekend breaks north wales weekend breaks self catering weekend breaks weekend breaks UK weekend breaks wales weekend cottage wales weekend north wales welsh cottages welsh holiday welsh holidays winter breaks xmas breaks vale of ffestiniog vale of festiniog ffestiniog railway Home History Accommodation Location Things to Do Tariff Availability Gallery Reviews The Coach House River Dwyryd 'Award Winning' Grade II Listed Holiday Cottage in the beautiful Vale of Ffestiniog - Snowdonia - North Wales (Sleeps 3) ‘The Coach House’ is a quaint, romantic Grade II listed holiday cottage, nestled in the private grounds of the beautiful former 'Rectory of Ffestiniog'. Beautifully converted it is set in a stunning location with glorious views of the Vale of Ffestiniog in the heart of Snowdonia National Park. Within 10 minutes walk of two pubs this beautiful holiday cottage offers a truly relaxing Welsh cottage holiday for those who either wish to leave the car untouched or who wish to pursue a number of outdoor activities. 'ZIP WORLD' the largest zip wire in Europe/The World and ' BOUNCE BELOW' huge trampolines hung in historic Slate mines are only minutes away! It is conveniently situated close to the village of Maentwrog and the harbour town of Porthmadog with its numerous shops, restaurants and bars. Only a short distance from an array of gorgeous secluded sandy beaches, historic castles, the Ffestiniog Narrow Gauge Railway and Italianate Portmeiron ....there is something for everyone! 'The Coach House' is also the perfect holiday retreat for those who just want to relax and get away from it all! Walk through the beautiful Vale of Ffestiniog stopping to admire the pretty bluebell woods. Stroll to the pub by the river Dwyryd or just curl up with a book on your private sun terrace and watch the world go by! The perfect romantic country cottage holiday! Porthmadog - 7 miles, Portmeirion - 5 miles, Ffestiniog Narrow Gauge Railway - 7 miles, Pub - 0.5 miles, Indian Restaurant - 4 miles, Shop 4 miles. View Location Tel: 0845 388 2197 Email: enquiries (at) valeofffestiniog.co.uk   Site Map   Booking Conditions   Privacy   Links   Contact Copyright © 2014 Vale of Ffestiniog Holiday Cottages. The charm of a man is not only reflected in the breitling uk appearance, but also through the connotation of fake rolex training out. Attractive men not only pay attention to maintaining personal image, but also to distribute the rolex uk mature wisdom, low-key introverted light. And a good men's watches, but also must be a high value of color, temperament, good quality meter. The new launch of the fake hublot watches Chanel mechanical watches MONSIEUR CHANEL DE, is such a special for men to create, to bring the infinite charm of the wrist watch. If you are looking for Snowdonia Cottages then look no further than Vale of Ffestiniog Holiday Cottages. Looking at weekend breaks, a mid week break or a full week, then we will have the perfect rural retreat to suit you. Our cottages in Wales are affiliated with Hoseasons who provide holiday rentals across the UK. If you wish to pay by credit card you may do this with them directly. They have a number of holiday cottages, cottages snowdonia, country cottages, Snowdonia cottages and weekend breaks. Our holiday cottage in Maentwrog, Snowdonia is totally equipped for the perfect wales holidays and has the most spectacular views and walks. Visit Portmerion and the Ffestiniog Railway when you are here. If you are searching for any of the following - Snowdonia cottages , cottage snowdonia, holiday cottages Wales, holiday wales then we have the perfect cottage for you. Rural Retreats, Snowdonia Cottages, Short Breaks, Mid Week Breaks, Self Catering Breaks and Weekend Breaks in the Vale of Ffestiniog, North Wales. The perfect holiday break The Coach House is a stunning Grade II listed country holiday cottage which sleeps three people. Available for short breaks, midweek breaks and weekend breaks between Oct and Mar. If you need an overspill for more people for that large family holiday then we can put you in touch with our neighbours who have additional wales cottages : Cambell's Cottage consist sleeps 4. Call us if you wish us to set up additional accommodation if The Coach House at Bron Turnor is full or you need additional accomodation. We also have other properties in Ffestiniog that sleep 3. If we are full visit Snowdonia Country Cottages , Cwm Pennant Country Cottages or Vale of Ffestiniog Self Catering Accommodation If you are looking for holiday cottages and particularly that special country cottage, rural retreat or weekend break then look no further! The valley has been a highly rated destination for many years. Lord Lyttelton’s blog in 1776 ....’Nothing remarkable occurred in our ride, until we came to Festiniog, the Valley before which is the most perfectly beautiful of all we had seen ..... with the woman one loves, with the friend of one’s heart, and a good study of books, one might pass an age there, and think it but a day.’ Slap bang in the middle of Snowdonia this is the heart of the national park. Rugged mountains on 3 sides and sandy beaches along the shore. Slate from Blaenau was the cutting edge of lightweight, roofing technology – grey gold. For years it came down by packhorse to the quays on the Afon Dwyryd and was rowed out on the tide past Portmeirion to waiting ships. 