Vava'u, Tonga - Travel Guide to the South Pacific HEADER (start) .header-above (end) .tbc_header_logo (end) Facebook Twitter RSS .themeblvd-contact-bar (end) .social-media (end) Your guide to Vava'u Tonga .header-text (end) .header-addon (end) .header_content-content (end) .header_content-inner (end) #header_content (end) PRIMARY NAV (start) Home Explore Vavau About Vava’u Travel Tips Getting Here & Around Culture & History Activities Whale Swim & Watching Diving & Snorkeling Fishing Sailing Trekking & Camping Adventure Sports Accommodation Island Resorts Hotels & Beach Resorts Self Contained Backpacker & Guest Houses Food & Entertainment Restaurants Cafes Local Bars & Clubs PRIMARY NAV (end) Search the site... .search-popup-inner (end) .search-popup (end) .search-popup-outer (end) #search-popup-wrapper (end) .menu-middle-inner (end) .menu-middle (end) #menu-inner (end) #main-menu (end) .menu-wrapper-inner (end) #menu-wrapper (end) #branding (end) #top (end) HEADER (end) FEATURED (start) Welcome to Vava'u, Tonga. Paradise in the South Pacific. .media-inner (end) .media (end) .grid-protection (end) .slide-body (end) Blue Lagoon Resort - Whale Swimming Blue Lagoon Resort now offers private whale swimming tours – limited to 4 guests per boat ,per day. .media-inner (end) .media (end) .grid-protection (end) .slide-body (end) .slider (end) .slides-inner (end) .slides-wrapper (end) .slider-inner (end) .slider-wrapper (end) Welcome to Vava'u, Tonga. Paradise in the South Pacific. .slider-fallback-slide-body (end) Blue Lagoon Resort - Whale Swimming Blue Lagoon Resort now offers private whale swimming tours – limited to 4 guests per boat ,per day. .slider-fallback-slide-body (end) .slider-fallback-list (end) .slider-fallback-inner (end) .slider-fallback(end) .grid-protection (end) .element-inner-wrap (end) .element-inner (end) .element (end) Find out more... The Kingdom of Tonga is one of only a two countries in the world where you can swim with humpback whales. Vava'u is the ultimate travel destination to experience it! .slogan (end) .grid-protection (end) .element-inner-wrap (end) .element-inner (end) .element (end) .featured-content (end) .featured-inner (end) #featured (end) FEATURED (end) MAIN (start) .main-top (end) CONTENT (start) Where is Vava’u? Vava’u is situated in the northern group of islands in the Kingdom of Tonga. Offering pristine beaches, untouched islands and all year round activities like diving, sailing, fishing and whale swimming. It’s the travel destination for those looking to ‘get off the beaten trail’. Find out more about Vava’u .column (end) Swim with Whales Vava’u is one of the only few places in the world where you can not only go wale watching but also get into the water and swim with wild humpback whales. There are a range of options to choose from day trips to package deals on an islands resort. View Whaleswim Operators .column (end) Island Resorts Vava’u offers a range of Accommodation, but if you want to do it style and get the full experience. Staying out on an Islands resort is the way to go! The island resorts are situated in the outer islands away from the main islands of Vava’u. View all Island Resorts .column (end) Culture & History The name “Tonga” is composed of to (to plant) and nga (a place). It also means “south.” According to the most recent archaeological findings, people arrived in the archipelago from Fiji around 1500 B.C.E. Thus, “ land lying in the south .” Learn about the Culture .column (end) .grid-protection (end) .element-inner-wrap (end) .element-inner (end) .element (end) .inner (end) #content (end) CONTENT (end) .grid-protection (end) .sidebar_layout-inner (end) #sidebar_layout (end) Vava'u Main Page Footer .widget_area (end) .main-bottom (end) .grid-protection (end) .main-content (end) .main-inner (end) #main (end) MAIN (end) FEATURED BELOW (start) A new 500kW solar farm has been built on the Island of Vava’u in Tonga. FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE PRLog (Press Release) – May 21, 2013 – BRISBANE, Australia — The first solar panels are now in place at the site of a new 500 kilowatt (kW) hybrid solar farm on the Island of Vava’u in Tonga. The solar farm incorporates ground-mounted photovoltaic panels and battery storage technology that is fully integrated with the island’s diesel power station. It will produce enough energy to cover about 13 percent of Vava’u’s annual electricity demand and up to 70 percent of the grid demand during peak hours. The project is being developed by Abu Dhabi based renewable energy company Masdar and is financed through a grant provided by the Abu Dhabi Fund for Development. Ingenero General Manager of Generation Rodger Whitby said the project would generate significant cost and carbon emissions savings for the Vava’u community. “The completed solar farm will generate enough power to offset as much as 70 percent of the island’s electricity demand during times of peak generation at noon,” Mr Whitby said. “This will represent one of the highest penetrations of solar to diesel for a hybrid solar farm anywhere in the world,” he said. “It will also form an important reference site for similar opportunities in the Pacific and remote Australian mine sites that run on diesel generators.” International solar developer Ingenero won the contract to construct the solar farm in 2012 after a competitive 6-month tender process administered by Masdar. Construction began in March 2013 and is expected to be complete by the end of the year. For more detailed information about the Tonga Hybrid Solar Farm download Ingenero’s fact sheet here http://www.ingenero.com.au/case-studies . Media Enquiries Christa Cowell 0408 206 558 christa.cowell@ingenero.com.au About Ingenero Ingenero is an Australian leader in the delivery of solar energy for residential, business and government customers. Ingenero has simplified the way customers can lock in lower, long-term rates for electricity through innovative financial products such as solar leasing and Solar Power Purchase Agreements. Ingenero also provides ongoing monitoring and maintenance services. As a company Ingenero has: • Constructed Australia’s largest ever rooftop solar PV system at the University of Queensland in Brisbane • Recently completed a solar installation at the Queensland University of Technology including three solar trackers nine floors above ground and flat panels spanning four separate rooftops • Installed the Southern Hemispheres’ largest SolFocus CPV solar power array at Alice Springs Airport • Completed an iconic solar installation at the Araluen Arts Centre in Alice Springs • Helped over 700 Australian schools install solar power • Pioneered the use of Solar Power Purchase Agreements for commercial and industrial customers in Australia • Completed the 1000 solar roof challenge on the Sunshine Coast in conjunction with the Sunshine Coast Environment Council. • Pioneered the use of remote monitoring with the introduction of our EcoWatt performance monitoring system. • Completed the Fraser Coast Community Solar Farm, the largest solar farm to date in Queensland. You can find out more information about Ingenero at our main website http://www.ingenero.com.au — End — .grid-protection (end) .element-inner-wrap (end) .element-inner (end) .element (end) .featured_below-content (end) .featured_below-inner (end) #featured_below (end) FEATURED BELOW (end) FOOTER (start) .widget-area (end) .column (end) .widget-area (end) .column (end) .widget-area (end) .column (end) .widget-area (end) .column (end) .grid-protection (end) .footer_content-content (end) .footer_content-inner (end) .footer_content (end) (c) 2017 Vava'u Guide, Tonga .copyright (end) .content (end) .container (end) .footer_sub_content (end) .footer-below (end) .content (end) #colophon (end) #bottom (end) FOOTER (end) #container (end) #wrapper (end) 