Charleston Boutique Hotel - Art Hotel in Charleston | The Vendue Twitter Facebook Instagram Email Call Book Now Toggle navigation   Home About Property Overview Location Amenities Awards & Press Rooms Offers Dining Dining Overview Drawing Room The Rooftop Revival Art Art Overview Artist in Residence Art Director Art Lover’s List Art Newsletter Gallery Private Events Calendar Contact Home About Property Overview Location Amenities Awards & Press Rooms Offers Dining Dining Overview Drawing Room The Rooftop Revival Art Art Overview Artist in Residence Art Director Art Lover’s List Art Newsletter Gallery Private Events Calendar Contact Book Now Voted a Top 5 Hotel in Charleston 2019 Travel + Leisure World’s Best Awards Previous Next Check in / Check out 1 Guest Book Now 19 Vendue Range, Charleston, SC 29401 The Vendue – Charleston’s Art Hotel A Top 5 Hotel in Charleston by 2019 Travel + Leisure World’s Best Awards #1 Hotel in Charleston and #9 in the U.S. by Travel + Leisure 2017 #2 Hotel in Charleston by Conde Nast Traveler’s 2017 and 2018 Readers’ Choice The Vendue was renovated and “reborn” in 2014 to create Charleston’s first and only hotel dedicated to the arts – in all forms. Over 300 pieces of original art have been installed for our guests to enjoy. Discover our boutique style Charleston hotel rooms, innovative dining options, and signature service. Located in Historic Downtown Charleston The Vendue is located steps from iconic sights, award winning dining, and renowned shopping streets in heart of Charleston’s famed historic district. Where Charleston tradition meets modern elegance on the corners of East Bay and Vendue Range. Discover Locale Boutique Hotel Rooms The Vendue is a combination of two unique boutique hotels – 19 Vendue and 26 Vendue – located across the street from one another. 19 Vendue is housed within five historic warehouses dating back to 1780 that have been combined to form one hotel. Explore Rooms Complimentary Amenities The Vendue offers an abundance of complimentary amenities: Champagne upon arrival Artisanal continental breakfast Bicycles for exploring Art and wine reception Cookies and milk in the evening Wireless Internet Amenities Charleston's Only Dedicated Art Hotel The Vendue is the first and only hotel in Charleston dedicated to the arts – in all forms. Our goal is to inspire guests through our robust art program. The hotel’s public areas feature 2-3 different exhibits per year. In addition, all corridors and our Gallery Rooms also feature a collection of original art. Explore Exhibits Atop the Holy City at Charleston's #1 Rooftop Bar Discover Previous Next Featured at The Vendue Hotel in Charleston Browse an exclusive and handpicked collection of our hotel packages, things to do in Charleston, art exhibitions and more. #2 Hotel in Charleston | 2018 Condé Nast Traveler The Vendue is honored to be named #2 Hotel in Charleston for the second consecutive year by Condé Nast Traveler Reader's Choice Awards. Current Exhibit | Fortunate Thirty artists will create thirty works of art, each accompanied by the fortunes used to inspire them. This exhibit will help raise funds for local non-profit, I Heart Hungry Kids, and their mission of kids helping kids fight hunger. Revival | Modern Southern Eatery Revival, a modern southern eatery, is The Vendue's newest dining experience. The concept for Revival is modern, yet relaxed dining with a focus on recipes and/or ingredients from South Carolina’s past. #2 Hotel in Charleston | 2018 Condé Nast Traveler The Vendue is honored to be named #2 Hotel in Charleston for the second consecutive year by Condé Nast Traveler Reader's Choice Awards. Current Exhibit | Fortunate Thirty artists will create thirty works of art, each accompanied by the fortunes used to inspire them. This exhibit will help raise funds for local non-profit, I Heart Hungry Kids, and their mission of kids helping kids fight hunger. Revival | Modern Southern Eatery Revival, a modern southern eatery, is The Vendue's newest dining experience. The concept for Revival is modern, yet relaxed dining with a focus on recipes and/or ingredients from South Carolina’s past. The Rooftop Recognized by the New York Times, Charleston’s most iconic rooftop restaurant and bar offers panoramic views of the Holy City skyline and legendary harbor. Explore The Rooftop Current Art Exhibit The Vendue’s newest art exhibit, Fortunate, features thirty works of art, each accompanied by the fortunes used to inspire them. This exhibit will help raise funds for local non-profit, I Heart Hungry Kids, and their mission of kids helping kids fight hunger. Fortunate Amenities There’s no shortage of complimentary amenities at The Vendue from our artisanal continental breakfast to bicycles for exploring Charleston. You’re sure to find unexpected perks at every turn. Discover Dining Charleston Hotel Packages Browse a collection of carefully crafted hotel packages to create a unique Charleston experience. We also feature special offers throughout the year. View Offers Voted a top 5 hotel in Charleston #4 Hotel in Charleston in the 2019 Travel + Leisure World’s Best Awards Newsletter Email Address Sign Up The Vendue, Charleston’s Art Hotel 19 Vendue Range, Charleston, SC 29401 Phone: (843) 577-7970 Explore Rooms Art Collection Gallery Dining Contact Find More Meetings & Events Special Offers Location Press Careers Privacy Policy Twitter Facebook Instagram Email Call Book Now FREE Parking + Cocktails Explore, unwind and savor summer in Charleston at The Vendue. With complimentary valet and cocktails on weekday stays. Voted a Top 5 Hotel in Charleston 2019 Travel + Leisure World’s Best Awards Close We use cookies on this site to improve our service, perform analytics, personalize content and remember website preferences. By using this site, you consent to these cookies. For more information including how to manage your consent visit our privacy policy. Accept Root element of PhotoSwipe. Must have class pswp.   Book Direct to Reserve Your Stay at The Vendue  Book online or call us at 800-845-7900 19 Vendue Range Charleston, South Carolina 29401 Get Directions Check in / Check out 1 Guest Book Now 