Vermont Heaven Vermont Heaven Home Seasons Summer Autumn Winter Photo Gallery Rates Amenities Calendar Contact     Vermont Swim & Ski Vacation Rental on Beautiful Lake Rescue (near Killington and Okemo Mountain Ski Areas) Stunning New Luxury Timberframe Home on Lake Rescue   Our brand new (built in 2008) luxury 3,500 SF timberframe home is located directly on Lake Rescue and close to Okemo and Killington ski areas. The views of the lake and mountains are spectacular and the location is wonderful all year round. Our Bensonwood timberfame house (also known as a post and beam house) is characterized by beautiful Douglas firm beams, towering cathedral ceilings, and a wide open main floor. The Great Room is open to the Kitchen and Dining Room. This openness makes it possible for everyone to be included in family or group discussion or activities, no matter where they are on the main level. The home has 3 bedrooms, all with queen beds, plus an additional private room with a pull-out sofa. The house can comfortably sleep 8. The house has three levels; main, upper and lower. The main level has a magnificent “Great Room” with cathedral ceiling, many exposed beams, a fireplace, and large windows overlooking the lake. The kitchen has beautiful cherry cabinets, a large gorgeous granite counter, new stainless appliances, and breakfast counter which seats five. The dining room has a large table, which can accommodate ten. The Great Room opens onto a beautiful deck overlooking the lake, which has stairs down to a patio and the lake. On the upper level the master bedroom overlooks the lake. The master bath is decorated with travertine tile and has a walk-in shower. The shower has both a rain shower head and wall-mounted shower head with many different spray options. In addition we have a large “soaking tub” for relaxation. All of the bathrooms have granite countertops and travertine tile. The loft overlooks the Great Room and has wonderful views of the lake. The loft has a sofa and TV and is a great place to escape to read or watch TV. Also the upper level has a large (24’ x 24’) “game room” with a cathedral ceiling, full bath, and a pull-out sofa. This can serve as room where kids gather to play or watch TV, or it can also serve as a fourth bedroom. We have full laundry facilities on both the upper and lower levels. On the lower level, the “family room”, with large windows looks out directly on the lake, and a patio door which opens onto a spectacular patio, also overlooking the lake. The room has a French entry door, gas fireplace, a sofa, and LCD TV. The lower level also has two bedrooms and a laundry room. One bedroom on the lower floor also looks directly onto the lake while the other has a lake view. There is a beautiful bath with a large walk-in shower and granite counters on the lower floor. The lower level has a laundry room, along with a second refrigerator. This is in addition to the washer-dryer we have on the upper level. The nearby village of Ludlow, Vermont contains many fine restaurants, while nearby Chester is known for its fine antique stores. Weston, only a 15-minute drive away, is home to the famous Vermont Country Store and also the beautiful Weston Priory. Manchester, Vermont is well known for its many designer factory outlets and Woodstock, Vermont for picture post-card beauty and typical New England charm.       Vermont Swim & Ski Vacation Rental Owner Managed send email:  Vermont@earthlink.net Please note that we do not advertise on CraigsList.   Location: Vermont Swim and Ski Vacation Rental Ludlow, VT Vermont Heaven Location: Vermont Swim and Ski Vacation Rental Ludlow, VT 05149     Please note that we do not advertise on CraigsList. Vermont Swim & Ski Vacation Rental 