Villa rental in Kas | Villa Dundar Kas holiday apartments with swimming pool – Holiday Villa in Kas, Turkey start fusion sticky header wrapper mobile logo sticky header logo Kaş Apartments to let with Magnificent Sea View & Pool +90 (532) 242 47 30 Check in Check out ONLINE BOOKING Home Villa Dundar Photo Gallery Activities Guest Reviews Online Reservation Location Contact Us end fusion sticky header wrapper START REVOLUTION SLIDER 5.4.2 fullwidth mode SLIDE MAIN IMAGE LAYERS LAYER NR. 1 LAYER NR. 2 Comfortable and relaxing holiday such as your own home is not to imagine! LAYER NR. 3 SLIDE MAIN IMAGE LAYERS LAYER NR. 4 LAYER NR. 5 10 Minutes walk to the biggest beach of Kas called Big Pebble Beach and 30 minutes walk to center of Kaş. SLIDE MAIN IMAGE LAYERS LAYER NR. 6 %10 discount at Daily Sailing Yacht Tours for Villa Dundar Guests LAYER NR. 7 SLIDE MAIN IMAGE LAYERS SLIDE MAIN IMAGE LAYERS SLIDE MAIN IMAGE LAYERS LAYER NR. 8 LAYER NR. 9 Villa Dündar is equipped with all the necessary utilities for feeling and giving the comfort of your own home. LAYER NR. 10 SLIDE MAIN IMAGE LAYERS END REVOLUTION SLIDER Home csknckr_vd 2017-05-27T21:02:25+00:00 Your Holiday accommodation with magnificent sea view & swimming pool in Kas. Villa Dundar Self-contained apartments with modern conveniences KAŞ / TURKEY If you are seeking for a clean, quiet place on the coast with great views, a pool, near a beach, with air-con and high speed internet in a beautiful area, Villa Dundar Kas Apartments are just for you. It’s an oasis of peace, privacy and quiet surrounded by magnificent views at the best location in Kas. Villa Dundar set on a ridge above Big Pebble Beach with unobstructed views over the sea, the boats, Kas, the peninsula, the mountains and surrounding hills and countryside. You could even see the ruins of the ancient amphitheater in Kas. The villa is a spotless, comfy beach house in homey Turkish style. It is spacious, light and airy with screens on some of the windows. Lovely sea breezes and lots of windows kept the house very comfortable. The garden, pool and barbecue area are extensive enough for any number of people and the surrounding area has stunning views of mountains and crystal clear sea of Mediterranean. Villa Dundar is split into 3 apartments. At the first floor we live as a Dundar Family. Second floor apartments sleep up to 6 people. Third floor apartments sleeps up to 4 people. One floor Garden Villa which is located at the left side of the swimming pool split into two rooms and can be let as individual rooms or works equally well for a group of 4 people. All the bed rooms are air conditioned and each of these apartments has several balconies leading from them where you can relax and enjoy the beautiful views. Read More About Kas Kas- the marriage of beauty and the deep blue eyed Mediterranean Sea. In Kas, the center of the historic Lycian Region, the Taurus Mountains embrace the sea as they continue to the great depths of the Mediterranean Sea. Read More Why Villa Dundar? It’s really quite simple. Staying in a hotel, you are a tourist – but in Villa Dundar you will experience another country “from the inside”. Read more Villa Facilities Private swimming pool airconditioning in all the bedrooms Magnificent Views Across Kas And The Mediterranean TV with satelite Free WI-FI internet access Fully equipped kitchen 10 minutes walk to the big pebble beach 360 DEGREE VIRTUAL TOUR OUR GUEST REVIEWS Custom Styles for Grid Layout of Testimonials Showcase Memorable location. Dundar familly are v.friendly and helpful. very relaxed sarounding the villa/ kas, but,whith some distance from each other,which didnt bother me, but children,since they don't like walking,anyway,i'd a car to use. We ate so (...) Read More... Hassan From London   This is not the first time we have been to Villa Dundar and it won't be the last. Our holidays here never cease to delight us. The views from the Villa take your breath away. Looking over the bay is truly a 'pinch me' moment! The pool and garde (...) Read More... Betina Miskoen From Russian   We had a wonderfull holiday at the villa. All in all I have now stayed there 4 times during the past 10 years - and I will definitely come back again. The house and the surroundings are just wonderfull and the family is extremely helpful. I am (...) Read More... Kristina From Copenhagen   Wonderful apartment, with fantastic view over the bay and great pool. Its in a nice quiet spot, a little outside town. This suited us fine (we had a car). The only small problem was lack of a cot. Additionally, friendly agent based in restauran (...) Read More... Eoin From Dublin   The hosts are very welcoming, friendly and helpful. The villa is in a lovely location with great views from the terrace. The pool is ideal for kids and just general dunking to cool off and the beach down the road is ideal for a dip, with facili (...) Read More... William In Kas   Closing Wrap Div for ttshowcase_0 fusion-row #main Villa Dundar About us Activities FAQ Guest Reviews Online Reservation Photo Gallery Location Contact Us Holiday accommodation with magnificent sea view & private swimming pool in Kas. To get detailed information about the Villa Dundar Leave your name and phone number WE WILL CONTACT YOU! fusion-columns fusion-row fusion-footer-widget-area © 2009 - 2017. All Rights Reserved. Villa Dundar / Kaş, Antalya BLOG | Terms & Conditions fusion-fusion-copyright-content fusion-row #footer fusion-footer wrapper [if IE 9]> <script type='text/javascript' src='http://www.villadundar.com/wp-content/themes/Avada/includes/lib/assets/min/js/general/fusion-ie9.js?ver=1'></script> <![endif] 