Villa Hurmuses - Villa in Mykonos - Mykonos Villas | Luxury Villa in Mykonos Home The Villa Activities Amenities Directory Giving Back Information Weddings Wellness Privacy Policy Destination Mykonos Delos Transport Weather Press Reviews Gallery Exteriors Details Bedrooms Kitchen Video Blog Contact Villa Hurmuses A short description about our villa The Villa Hurmuses experience is about memories — unforgettable memories that have been made and the beautiful memories that are possible.  Tucked in a serene corner near Mykonos Town, Villa Hurmuses offers the details the discerning traveler seeks including award-winning architecture, design, atmosphere and service.  The care, thought and attention we have given to our villa is one reason we’ve been rated as one of the top 20 Great Villas on the Greek islands by Conde Nast Traveller. Our five-star hospitality and luxurious property accommodates up to 10 people in five separate bedroom areas.  The villa is an example of fine Myconian whitewashed architecture, decorated with handmade furniture and elegant Greek details in its design.  The outdoor spaces are awash in colorful bougainvillea flowers and lush plants offering a secluded getaway feeling to your experience, as you holiday on one of the most famous getaway islands in the world. Sunbathe by the private pool, indulge your body with a soothing massage under a pergola, or sip cocktails gazing at the beauty of the island’s famous sunset.  What truly takes our Greek island villa experience to another level is the undivided attention and warm hospitality that each guest receives from our in-residence staff. Villa Hurmuses is conveniently located within easy walking distance of the charming Mykonos Town and a picturesque beach.   The villa is open to breathtaking views of the scenes Mykonos has become famous for – its sunset, its harbor windmills and its beautiful, traditional whitewashed main village. Unforgettable memories await. Please contact Sharona Hurmuses ( [email protected] ) for booking and availability enquiries. Exterior The Pool Interior The living room Exterior Barbecue Area Interior Bedroom 2 AMENITIES Here are some of the services we provide… Air Conditioning Daily Aegean Breakfast Turndown Bed Service Nightly Bath Amenities and Bathrobes Daily Housekeeping Welcome Basket of Fresh Fruit Show more amenities Chef Services for Dinner Fresh Flowers Upon Arrival Welcome Dinner with Wine for 10 Guests Complimentary Transfers Pool and Beach Amenities Welcome Drink Upon Arrival MEET THE STAFF Ana Marie Try Ana Marie's cooking, you will not be disappointed. Her spring rolls are legendary! Ernesto Wake up to the aromas of Ernesto's fresh coffee. He loves making it. love 1350 CLIENTS satisfied sun 1560 sunny days coffee 1500 BREAKFASTS served moon 1290 ∞ REVIEWS and counting REVIEWS Don't just take our word for it... Perfect service in a lovely home with a world-class setting. All I can say is, thank you! To future guests, If you’re reading this and it’s not winter- you have missed something marvelous. Try Villa Hurmuses in winter - you wouldn’t regret! JAN SPENCER - Wow … amazing! We travel a lot and it takes a lot to impress this family of 11 but you have truly achieved an unforgettable experience for us. This is truly a special place and Ernesto and Ana Marie are the most gracious and lovely people. THE NICHOLAS FAMILY - This has been without a doubt one of the most relaxing and greatest vacations I have ever been on, and a very large part of that is due to the amazing service you all supply. You make everyone feel so welcome to Mykonos and also make sure we are stress free, which we all greatly appreciate. COLE - What a wonderful palatial mansion! We had a fantastic stay with the great hospitality, yummy food, lovely sunset, and best of all, amazing company! RICHARD & JEANNE - LOCATION The Greek island of Mykonos is a jewel of the Cycladic island chain. With its fantastic beaches, incredible traditional villages, fantastic ancient history and cosmopolitan character, it has become the go-to destination for all types of travelers. Whether you are the jet setter, the history buff, the beach party lover, or just the person that wants to get away from it all, you will find what you are looking for. Mykonos has something for everybody. DETAILS Villa Hurmuses Mykonos Greece Email: [email protected] © 2015 - 2018 Copyright - Villa Hurmuses Design by GSM - Content by Blog Smart Agency villahurmuses We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it. Ok Read more 