Villa Agung Beach Inn Skip to content Menu HOME ROOMS Deluxe Family Room Basic Family Room Deluxe Double Room Deluxe Twin Room Superior Double Room Superior Family Room Studio Apartment FACILITIES Room Amenities Dolphin Tour ACTIVITIES ABOUT US CONTACT US BOOK NOW #site-navigation £0.00 0 items Villa Agung Beach Inn .wrap .site-branding Villa Agung Beach Inn is a small boutique hotel, located right on Anturan Beach in the Lovina area, just 3km from busy Lovina central and 5km from very local Singaraja. Peaceful and welcoming with a happy, helpful staff. Now totally renovated with a new, large pool right outside all rooms. Two new superior rooms for couples and families closer to the ocean, one with direct ocean views. Brand new spacious bathrooms, bright and colorful. Updated restaurant right by the beach with our delicious freshly prepared food and homemade delights. Massages on the balai right next to the ocean or maybe a manicure or pedicure. Yoga in our lounge over the beach whenever you reserve. We have a library and a little shop for snacks & icecream, run by and for the staff. There are interesting books on the new exciting activities around us and we are happy to suggest individual tours tailor-made for you or the kids. Many new attractions are springing up around this area.  Trekking to Lake Buyan,  Aling-Aling waterfall with swinging dives into the water, the secret garden village in Bedugul, water fun along the beach and a new zoo coming soon. It is really a place to see what real Balinese life is all about. We can take you to the village, where most of our staff live, when we feed our adopted dogs, of which we have 11. Colorful ceremonies abound and the presence of the Gods is apparent and fascinating. The perfect location for diving & snorkeling, with dolphins near the beach and rice paddies and mountains in the rear. Dive tours, trekking, climbing, cooking classes and motorbikes & cars can also easily be arranged for you. Join us for fun, loads of information and the best hospitality you can find. #post-## #main #primary Instagram Facebook Twitter .jetpack-social-navigation .widget-area Powered by WordPress.com . .wrap .site-info #page Your Google Analytics Plugin is missing the tracking ID 