Villa St Simon - Boutique B&B and Wine Tours in Bordeaux. BEGIN .background-wrapper BEGIN .content-wrapper BEGIN .content-body BEGIN #header-google-map END #header-google-map BEGIN .header-wrapper BEGIN .top-bar BEGIN .gmap-btn-wrapper END .gmap-btn-wrapper BEGIN .top-menu-wrapper Book Now Secondary Menu Contact Us / EN / END .top-menu-wrapper END .top-bar Boutique B&B in the Heart of Bordeaux Winelands END .header-wrapper BEGIN #navigation BEGIN .nav-wrapper Main Menu Home welcome Accommodation rates & reservations Room Rates Cantinot Rose Bellevue Rousselle Le Cône Julien Self Catering Apartments Testimonials Services perks & amenities Wine tasting & tours Cotes de Blaye et Bourg Tour St. Emilion Tour Medoc Tour Cognac Tour Sauternes Tour Wine Tour Schedule Wine Appreciation The Area around blaye Bordeaux Wine Capital Markets and Shopping Dining Out Useful Links Wine & Art Visit La Galerie Blog, Notes from Bordeaux Map & Directions Mobile Menu Home Accommodation Room Rates Cantinot Rose Bellevue Rousselle Le Cône Julien Self Catering Apartments Testimonials Services Wine Cotes de Blaye et Bourg Tour St. Emilion Tour Medoc Tour Cognac Tour Sauternes Tour Wine Tour Schedule Wine Appreciation The Area Bordeaux Wine Capital Markets and Shopping Dining Out Useful Links Wine & Art Visit La Galerie Blog, Notes from Bordeaux Map & Directions +33 557429966 / 676574884 info@villastsimon.com END .nav-wrapper END #navigation BEGIN .slider BEGIN .slides Open 365 days a year! Spacious rooms with a view We serve a traditional French breakfast daily Period style architecture Classic French kitchen Self-catering apartments are great for families Enjoy a glass of wine in the park, on the Gironde river Visit local food markets Experience local art In the heart of Bordeaux Sample all that Bordeaux has to offer! END .slides END .slider Welcome to Villa St Simon a property of Bordeaux Village Blaye . Your home from home for wine tours in Bordeaux! BEGIN .section Accommodation Beautifully restored with its 1860's charm. The spacious rooms are furnished in the period style and there are lots of collector’s items that give the chambres d’hôte a cosy and welcoming atmosphere. A traditional French breakfast is offered each morning in the house dining room. View Rooms » Wine Tours Benefit from our local knowledge and long standing relationships with historic chateaux and their proprietors, for well over a decade. All our wine tours are very personal and tailor-made to your interests, providing you with access to some of Bordeaux's signature producers. View Tours » Self Catering Apartments Make this truly your home away from home and stay in our beautifully renovated self-catering apartments: comfortable and self-contained holidays. Each unit is a moderne equipped Parisian style apartment in the centre of Blaye, offering views of the Gironde river and guests have access to all the facilities. Read More » END .section BEGIN .section BEGIN .one-half-full Fantastic place and very warm hospitality. Excellent organised tours of the vineyards! Had a really wonderful time. Kostas - Greece END .one-half-full BEGIN .one-half-full Milles Mercis à Clarissa, Les, Mathieu & Adrian. Many thanks for a superb stay! Fantastic bed, room, bathroom, shower & breakfast. Thanks for being so helpful about things to see and the wine tour (Medoc) & Les’ “Debunking of wine”, were superb. Mathieu was extremely courteous & knowledgeable wine area guide & Adrian’s food in La Galerie was excellent. Bonne chance avec tout! Encore milles mercis! Tony & Maureen - Calgary, Canada END .one-half-full Read More Guest Testimonials END .section BEGIN #footer About Villa St Simon Villa St Simon is a charming bed & breakfast, offering beautifully restored period rooms as well as self-catering apartments. Located in historic Blaye, Bordeaux. We are located in the heart of the Bordeaux winelands and right on the Gironde River. If your plans allow, stay at least two or more days to really benefit from the scope of things to do and places to go. Villa St Simon is the perfect location for visits to Bordeaux, St Emilion and to the Medoc with its world famous châteaux. In addition to the wine, the Bordeaux region has many other delights to offer, and your English, French and German speaking hosts will go out of their way to help you find the art & antiques markets, food markets, fairs, festivals and other features that abound in the area. Villa St Simon is the ideal destination for those wanting a relaxing holiday while at the same time improving their wine knowledge and enjoying the local history and culture. Interested in making the most of your stay, learn more about our offerings at Bordeaux Village Blaye Site Map Accommodation at Villa St Simon Apartments at Villa St Simon Blog, Notes from Bordeaux Contact Us Dining at Villa St Simon Dining Out Map & Directions Meet Your Hosts Room Rates Services Testimonials Useful Links Wine & Art Wine Appreciation Wine Tour Schedule Wine Tours Blog A New Season Printemps de Vin Les on WineLineRadio.com Art, vin et gourmandise à La Citadelle Season’s Greetings from Villa St Simon! Flickr Photostream View All → END #footer BEGIN #footer-bottom © Villa St Simon B & B, 8 Cours du Generale De Gaulle, 33390 Blaye, France Secondary Menu Home / Accommodation / Contact Us / Facebook / END #footer-bottom END .content-body END .content-wrapper END .background-wrapper WELCOME TO VILLA ST SIMON We are pleased to offer a variety of services and custom packages to help you make the most of your stay in Blaye: » Wine tours, tastings and courses » Cooking classes » Hosted corporate events » Weddings and private functions » In town winery where you can experience the wine making process Continue Google Code for Remarketing tag Remarketing tags may not be associated with personally identifiable information or placed on pages related to sensitive categories. For instructions on adding this tag and more information on the above requirements, read the setup guide: google.com/ads/remarketingsetup END body 