Villa Chiang Mai - Fully Staffed Private Luxury Villa with 6-Bedrooms, Swimming Pool, Sala, Massage & Fitness Gym on The Ping River Villa Chiang Mai Home Location Gallery Reviews Rates FAQs Reviews Rates FAQs Book Direct Main Home Location Guest Reviews Details Bedrooms Living Areas Swimming Pool The Sala Media Gallery Booking Rates Promotions Availability Reservations Contact FAQs Contact Us Villa Chiang Mai Private Luxury Villa Last Minute : Discounts Now Available to Direct Guests for August 2019 Located on the Ping River in Hang Dong, our private villa is a great place to use as the base for your family holiday. Located on the Ping River in Hang Dong, our private villa is a great place to use as the base for your family holiday. Previously known as "Baan Cheep Chang", we rebranded to our Thai sounding name Baan Thip Chang. Previously known as "Baan Cheep Chang", we rebranded to our Thai sounding name Baan Thip Chang. 6 Bedrooms Sleeps 12+ 6 Bedrooms Sleeps 12+ Built on private land, our fully-staffed villa consists of 4 bedrooms inside the main house, and 2 separate buildings for bedroom 5 and 6. All six bedrooms are fitted with double-beds, and all of them are King Size except one which is a huge custom-sized bed! We have a well-decorated lounge with comfortable sofas, indoor and outdoor dining areas, a guest kitchen, a small private gym, large swimming pool, huge sala and lush gardens all around the villa. We're available for rent, all year round, for short-term holiday rentals. Built on private land, our fully-staffed villa consists of 4 bedrooms inside the main house, and 2 separate buildings for bedroom 5 and 6. All six bedrooms are fitted with double-beds, and all of them are King Size except one which is a huge custom-sized bed! We have a well-decorated lounge with comfortable sofas, indoor and outdoor dining areas, a guest kitchen, a small private gym, large swimming pool, huge sala and lush gardens all around the villa. We're available for rent, all year round, for short-term holiday rentals. Our 2-Bed Lannah Style Private Villa is also available for long-term rent. 2-Bed Chiang Mai Villa (Long Term) Six Bedroom Villa Welcome to our Lanna style private luxury villa Rural Chiang Mai Set in tropical gardens and available all year round Large Swimming Pool We have a huge private pool for you to play in, day or night Easy Access Pool The pool is 1.1m shallow to 1.8m deep, with lights for evening use Large Sala We have a large sala overlooking the swimming pool In-Villa Massages Enjoy relaxing massages at the villa by professional staff Spacious Lounge Large open-plan lounge with lots of art and character Comfortable Sofas Grab some time to relax on the sofas while children play in the pool Indoor Dining We have air-conditioned dining in the dining room Outdoor Dining And alfresco dining overlooking the swimming pool Spacious Bedrooms Large bedrooms, all six with studio-style with en-suite bathrooms Luxury Fittings There are luxury items in all bedrooms providing character and style Space To Play Young children love the space and adventure that our villa can offer Ping River Terrace Being on the riverside, you can enjoy some time on our river terrace There are some great shots of our villa in the Gallery . There are some great shots of our villa in the Gallery . Gallery Recent Villa Changes... Recent Changes At The Villa... New Bedroom 6 Bedroom 6 was rebuilt. Now poolside! New Bedroom 6 Retained its authentic Lanna styling New Bedroom 6 Fully fitted, comfortable and cosy. New Bedroom 6 En-suite bathroom. New Gym The gym moved to a new location. New Gym More floorspace and air-conditioned. New Jacuzzi The gym gained a jacuzzi. New Sauna The gym gained a sauna too. Most Recent Reviews... Most Recent Guest Reviews... Pollin's and MT's Would absolutely recommend Thank you for making our stay so welcome and warm. The house is simply stunning and the staff have been very helpful especially when we requested more beds and mattresses so all our kids could sleep in the same room. Food here has been delicious. Our driver also very professional and sweet natured to all of us and our child on daytrips out to the National Park. Would absolutely recommend. Beautiful house. Beautiful Chiang Mai. #73 2019 Joyce and Co. Thank you for a warm welcome The place is so nice, and the food so good, we feel comfortable because of you and your staff. Thank you for the very nice accommodation, you made our trip to Chiang Mai very fantastic. We're hoping to see you again on our next trip to Chiang Mai. God bless you! #72 2019 Vivek It was a beautiful experience in this beautiful villa Everything was very comfortable. Very good hospitality and very nice arrangements. #71 March 2019 Yoga Group, HK Everyone has been so kind, smiling and warm A huge warm thank you to Kim and all the staff, especially the kind driver. We have enjoyed staying in your beautiful villa, and all the delicious food. Everyone has been so kind, smiling and warm. A truly wonderful week. We will come again for sure. #70 March 2019 Anita, HK Wow! What an amazing job you all did, from taking care of us with love, to this beautiful home. You ALL are wonderful. #69 March 2019 Olive We really enjoyed our stay in Chiang Mai Thanks for your warm service. Hope to come again! Thanks. #68 February 2019 Manager Chef Room Maids Villa Manager Private Chef Room Maids Our villa is fully staffed with Villa Manager, Private Chef, Room Maids and Gardeners. Our villa is fully staffed with Villa Manager, Private Chef, Room Maids and Gardeners. They keep the villa in tip-top condition, and look after you tentatively, yet discretely, during your stay. They keep the villa in tip-top condition, and look after you tentatively, yet discretely, during your stay. Book Direct Book Direct When you book with us direct, you get access to our reservations team from initial enquiry to arrival at the villa, enabling you to organise and adjust your stay as required. You also have the option to pay a deposit and the final payment upto 1-month before arrival. We promote our Chiang Mai villa on baanthipchang.com and villachiangmai.com only. For the best experience, book with us direct, and if you've got any questions, feel free to ask When you book with us direct, you get access to our reservations team from initial enquiry to arrival at the villa, enabling you to organise and adjust your stay as required. You also have the option to pay a deposit and the final payment upto 1-month before arrival. We promote our Chiang Mai villa on baanthipchang.com and villachiangmai.com only. For the best experience, book with us direct, and if you've got any questions, feel free to ask Contact Us Reservations Location ‹ › × Random Guest Review Random Guest Review Yvan Family (China & USA) Thank you for making our stay most enjoyable. Thank you Mr Kim and staff for making our stay most enjoyable. And your delicious food and birthday cake. Thanks for providing us with such a beautiful house and living experience. We enjoyed every corner of it, and every minute in this house. Mostly because of this villa, we will all miss Chiang Mai very much and look forward to our return here... Thank you. #10 January 2012 Villa Chiang Mai Private Villa, Chiang Mai A great place for a relaxing family holiday Villa Chiang Mai Private Villa, Chiang Mai A great place for a relaxing family holiday Home Location Reviews Rates Promotions Reservations Gallery FAQs Contact See the sidebar for more options. Our Villas Baan Thip Chang baanthipchang.com baancheepchang.com villachiangmai.com Baan Kata Keeree baankatakeeree.com villaphuket.com Social Media Facebook Instagram About Location Reviews Rates Promotions Promotions Promotions Reservations Gallery FAQs Contact See the sidebar for more options. Our Villas Baan Thip Chang baanthipchang.com baancheepchang.com villachiangmai.com Baan Kata Keeree baankatakeeree.com villaphuket.com Social Media Facebook Instagram Main... Home Location Guest Reviews Bedrooms Living Areas Swimming Pool The Sala Gallery Booking... Rates Promotions Reservations Contact... FAQs Contact Us Privacy Policy Links... Our Villas Baan Thip Chang baanthipchang.com baancheepchang.com villachiangmai.com Baan Kata Keeree baankatakeeree.com villaphuket.com Social Media Facebook Instagram © Copyright 2019 Villa Chiang Mai. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy © Copyright 2019 Villa Chiang Mai. All rights reserved. Web Design & Hosting by AMOSERVE ™ 