Olympos Karpathos beaches hotels in the area agios minas beach Olympos,Karpathos,restaurants,hotel,traditional OLympos,Karpathos,history,traditional,village OLympos,Karpathos,boat,excursions,beaches,agios,minas,beach Beaches,olympos,karpathos,agios,minas,beach,taverna,restaurant Olympos,Karpathos,hotel,traditional,room,sea,view olympos,karpathos.hotel,beach,taverna,restaurant olympos,karpathos,hotel,reservation [if gte IE 9]><! <![endif] [if lt IE 9]> <div class="xr_ap" id="xr_xr" style="width: 960px; height: 1928px; top:0px; left:50%; margin-left: -480px; text-align: left;"> <![endif] Made with Xara The village of Olympos Karpathos has many beaches such as Agios Minas beach and Diafani.These beaches are accesible either by trekking one of the many marked trails or by jeep. There are two small boats that take a daily excursion either to all the beaches or to Saria and Tristomo. Stay at Anemos hotel for the best experience. Festivals  - The celebrations of Zoodohos Pigi are held on Good Friday at Diafani - The Resurection of Jesus is celebrated a second time on Easter Sunday and this            constitutes the main celebration of His Resurection for Olympos - The celebrations of the church of Pera Panagia are on March 25 - The celebrations of Agios Panteleimonas are held on July 26 and 27 at the islet of Saria  -  The celebrations of the church of the Assumption of Mary are on August 15 - The celebrations of the church of Agios Ioannis at Vroukounta are on August 29 - The festivities of the church of Agios Minas are held on November 11 at the Filios area - The celebrations for the Transfiguration of Jesus are held on August 6 - The festivities of Agios Ioannis are held at Vroukounta  - The celebrations for the Nativity of Mary are held on September 8 - The celebrations for the Exaltation of the Holy Cross are held on September 14 at the Potamos area Olympos, a jewel of the Dodecanese, is situated between two mountains. It is a small village on northern Karpathos with over 100 km. of hiking trails, secluded beaches and  a unique mix of tradition and nature. This village has been used as a backdrop by famous photographers such as Constantine Manos, Josef Koudelka, Hans Sylvester and many more. Wether you plan on visiting one of the many beaches nearby or enjoying the local musicians that fill the streets of the village with their magical melodies, Olympos is the perfect example of a Greece long lost. ÔïðïèåôÞóôå áõôÞí ôçí åôéêÝôá óôçí êåöáëßäá óáò Þ áêñéâþò ðñéí áðü ôçí ðëçóéÝóôåñç åôéêÝôá óþìáôïò. ÔïðïèåôÞóôå áõôÞí ôçí åôéêÝôá åêåß ðïõ èÝëåôå íá ãßíåé áðüäïóç ôïõ Êïõìðß +1. Olympos, not only is the perfect place to relax and enjoy the local music and customs, but also has many beaches nearby. These beaches are accesible either by  trekking one of the many marked trails or by jeep. There are two small boats that take a daily excursion either to all the beaches or to Saria and Tristomo.                           Festivals  - The celebrations of Zoodohos Pigi are held on Good Friday at Diafani - The Resurection of Jesus is celebrated a second time on Easter Sunday and this            constitutes the main celebration of His Resurection for Olympos - The celebrations of the church of Pera Panagia are on March 25 - The celebrations of Agios Panteleimonas are held on July 26 and 27 at the islet of Saria  -  The celebrations of the church of the Assumption of Mary are on August 15 - The celebrations of the church of Agios Ioannis at Vroukounta are on August 29 - The festivities of the church of Agios Minas are held on November 11 at the Filios area - The celebrations for the Transfiguration of Jesus are held on August 6 - The festivities of Agios Ioannis are held at Vroukounta  - The celebrations for the Nativity of Mary are held on September 8 - The celebrations for the Exaltation of the Holy Cross are held on September 14 at the Potamos area Olympos, a jewel of the Dodecanese, is situated between two mountains. It is a small village on northern Karpathos with over 100 km. of hiking trails, secluded beaches and  a unique mix of tradition and nature. This village has been used as a backdrop by famous photographers such as Constantine Manos, Josef Koudelka, Hans Sylvester and many more. Wether you plan on visiting one of the many beaches nearby or enjoying the local musicians that fill the streets of the village with their magical melodies, Olympos is the perfect example of a Greece long lost. Made with Xara Olympos (HISTORY AND LIFESTYLE) by Constantinos Minas, Lecturer of the Aegean University Manolis Makris, writer The region of Olympos lies in the north of Mount Kimaras and includes not only this northernmost part of Karpathos,  but also the islet of Saria, which is separated from Karpathos by Steno, a straight about 100 meters wide, that was created by soil erosion. The Olympos region has an area of 37 square kilometers, excluding Saria, which is about a third of the whole island of Karpathos. Most of the region is mountainous and covered with vegetation and woods. The main mountains are Ais Ilias (718m), Orkili (713m), Kimaras (692m), Stioi (639m), Malo (635m), Korifi (588m), Oros (561m), Asia (531m) in Karpathos and Pachi Vouno (630m) in Saria. The most important plains of the region are the valleys of Avlona, Ahordea and Kilios and the valley of Pila in Saria. Smaller in area but still important, as far  as agricultural production is concerned, are the regions Pei (the name comes from the ancient word πεδίον=field), Kampi, Ammoi (from the ancient word αμμόγη=sandy soil) and Nappa (valley) and Argos (plain close to the sea) in Saria. One interesting element of the local geography is the partition of the region by the sea, where the impressive natural harbor of Tristomo was formed, and the many picturesque bays such as the Vroukounta, Fises and Evgonimos bays on the west side, and the Vananta, Diafani, Apokapos, Opsi, Kapi, Agnontia, Forokli, Kantri, Filios, Nati bays on the east side and the Giaplos, Palatia, Alimounta and Mea Alo (long beach) bay in Saria. Although the region doesn't offer itself to plant growing, the diligence of the inhabitants, who didn't leave even a square inch of soil uncultivated, made it possible to feed about 1,500 people, the inhabitants of the village in the 40's and 50's and perhaps in earlier years. The archaeological excavations showed that Minoans and Myceanaens settled in the Olympos region in the 15th century BC. According to the information found in ancient writers (Ski lax, Striven) and the archaeological findings, there were two important cities in the Olympos region since the 4th century BC, namely Vrykous, which today is called Vroukounta, and Nisiros "homonymous with the island of Nisiros" located on Saria and renamed Palatia (palaces) by the inhabitants of Olympos because of the size and number of buildings that were rediscovered upon return to the islet. Somewhere near the Steno region either on the Karpathos or Saria side there was a temple dedicated to Poseidon, a place of worship for the whole island of Karpathos during the classical and Hellenistic period. The famous inscription, known as "Dorian resolution of Karpathos", was found in Vroukounta. This inscription concerns a doctor called Minokritos Mitrodorou, whom the inhabitants of Vrykous bestowed the highest honors, because he had offered his medical services unselfishly and unimpeachably for more than twenty years. There are tens of carved tombs, ruins of walls and fortifications and some Remains of buildings from the Hellenistic period in the city of Vrykous.The Byzantine monuments found in the Vroukounta and Palatia regions show, life continued in these cities during the Byzantine era. The ruins of the big basilica in Palatia (in the site of today's Agia Sofia), in Steno (in the site of today's Agia Ekaterina) and in Filios (in Archagelos) date back from around the 6th century AD and it is believed that Christianity came to Karpathos, and especially Olympos, before that century. It is thought - although it hasn't been verified - that Ioannis of Karpathos, an eminent figure of the 6th century church, lived in Vroukounta. The inhabitants of Vrykous and Nisiros stayed in their cities until the end of 7th century, and perhaps the 8th century. Then because of Arabic raids, were forced to look for shelter, probably relocating the entire cities, away from the sea, in naturally protected sites. It seems that Vrykous hasn't been inhabited since, while in Palatia life continued, probably with Arab inhabitants, who used the city as their base of operations, because the position of the city allowed them to dominate the passage between Rhodes and Karpathos. This theory is substantiated by the fact that only Arabs could live close to the sea during that period and because of the constant raids. The ruins found today in Palatia resemble the constructions of Syria dated before the 10th century. As it seems from the ruins and the deep clefts in the ground, the city of Palatia was destroyed by a strong earthquake, in the first two or three centuries of the second millennium AD. Ancient Era Later History Not much information concerning Olympos and the settlement of the first inhabitants there, up to the last century, is available. The very few travelers, who visited Karpathos, didn't go as far as Olympos, although they describe with admiration the reputation the archaic language, the customs and the songs of the region enjoyed. Nevertheless, we can tell the history of Olympos during that period on the basis of the history of the island and the wider region as well as whatever was saved by the popular tradition, as follows:Since the time Moavias, the governor of Syria, looted Karpathos in 647, Saracens raided the region, until they were finally  forced out of Crete by Nikiforos Fokas in 961. In the following years Crete Kasos and Karpathos formed the "Thema of Crete" (Crete county) headed by a Byzantine general. When the Franks conquered  the Byzantine Empire in 1204 the island was successively governed by the Cretan nobleman Leontas Gavalas, the Genoan Moresco family and the Cretan-Venetian Kornaros family until 1537 when the Turkish navy under Hairedin Barbarossa overthrew the Frank rule. During the Greek revolution for independence in 1821 Karpathos revolted and overthrew the Turk rulers, but it was given back to Turkey under the Provisions of the London Protocol, signed in 1830. The Italians took over from the Turks in 1912 until the Dodecanese islands joined Greece in 1948.  The special tax and administrative privileges granted to the islands during the Turkish rule helped the inhabitants develop a form of democratic local government and enjoy a satisfactory standard of living. Until the last years of Italian rule Olympos was governed by a council elected annually from all the adult men, who had wide administrative, tax, educational and judicial powers. It is especially surprising how these local governors managed to determine the annual use of land, satisfying the needs of the village and balancing the clashes between the agricultural and the cattle-breeding groups. Today's village is certainly much bigger than the original 9th and 10th century settlement. When the pirates stopped their raids, the village expanded both towards the east and the west mountain side. Along the mountain top there is a row of horseshoe-shaped windmills, a distinctive feature of Olympos.The central church of the village, Kimisis tis Theotokou (the Assumption of the Virgin) is impressive. Built in the Byzantine style, its whole interior is covered with  murals dated from the years of the Turkish rule. The icon screen, made of carved wood, is an excellent piece of art. It was covered in tar to conceal the gold plating and only recently has it been restored to its original state. Apart from the central church, there are lot of picturesque chapels throughout the village and the region. Today many of the houses in the village are uninhabited because of immigration. ÔïðïèåôÞóôå áõôÞí ôçí åôéêÝôá óôçí êåöáëßäá óáò Þ áêñéâþò ðñéí áðü ôçí ðëçóéÝóôåñç åôéêÝôá óþìáôïò. ÔïðïèåôÞóôå áõôÞí ôçí åôéêÝôá åêåß ðïõ èÝëåôå íá ãßíåé áðüäïóç ôïõ Êïõìðß +1. Olympos (HISTORY AND LIFESTYLE) by Constantinos Minas, Lecturer of the Aegean University Manolis Makris, writer The region of Olympos lies in the north of Mount Kimaras and includes not only this northernmost part of Karpathos,  but also the islet of Saria, which is separated from Karpathos by Steno, a straight about 100 meters wide, that was created by soil erosion. The Olympos region has an area of 37 square kilometers, excluding Saria, which is about a third of the whole island of Karpathos. Most of the region is mountainous and covered with vegetation and woods. The main mountains are Ais Ilias (718m), Orkili (713m), Kimaras (692m), Stioi (639m), Malo (635m), Korifi (588m), Oros (561m), Asia (531m) in Karpathos and Pachi Vouno (630m) in Saria. The most important plains of the region are the valleys of Avlona, Ahordea and Kilios and the valley of Pila in Saria. Smaller in area but still important, as far  as agricultural production is concerned, are the regions Pei (the name comes from the ancient word πεδίον=field), Kampi, Ammoi (from the ancient word αμμόγη=sandy soil) and Nappa (valley) and Argos (plain close to the sea) in Saria. One interesting element of the local geography is the partition of the region by the sea, where the impressive natural harbor of Tristomo was formed, and the many picturesque bays such as the Vroukounta, Fises and Evgonimos bays on the west side, and the Vananta, Diafani, Apokapos, Opsi, Kapi, Agnontia, Forokli, Kantri, Filios, Nati bays on the east side and the Giaplos, Palatia, Alimounta and Mea Alo (long beach) bay in Saria. Although the region doesn't offer itself to plant growing, the diligence of the inhabitants, who didn't leave even a square inch of soil uncultivated, made it possible to feed about 1,500 people, the inhabitants of the village in the 40's and 50's and perhaps in earlier years. The archaeological excavations showed that Minoans and Myceanaens settled in the Olympos region in the 15th century BC. According to the information found in ancient writers (Ski lax, Striven) and the archaeological findings, there were two important cities in the Olympos region since the 4th century BC, namely Vrykous, which today is called Vroukounta, and Nisiros "homonymous with the island of Nisiros" located on Saria and renamed Palatia (palaces) by the inhabitants of Olympos because of the size and number of buildings that were rediscovered upon return to the islet. Somewhere near the Steno region either on the Karpathos or Saria side there was a temple dedicated to Poseidon, a place of worship for the whole island of Karpathos during the classical and Hellenistic period. The famous inscription, known as "Dorian resolution of Karpathos", was found in Vroukounta. This inscription concerns a doctor called Minokritos Mitrodorou, whom the inhabitants of Vrykous bestowed the highest honors, because he had offered his medical services unselfishly and unimpeachably for more than twenty years. There are tens of carved tombs, ruins of walls and fortifications and some Remains of buildings from the Hellenistic period in the city of Vrykous.The Byzantine monuments found in the Vroukounta and Palatia regions show, life continued in these cities during the Byzantine era. The ruins of the big basilica in Palatia (in the site of today's Agia Sofia), in Steno (in the site of today's Agia Ekaterina) and in Filios (in Archagelos) date back from around the 6th century AD and it is believed that Christianity came to Karpathos, and especially Olympos, before that century. It is thought - although it hasn't been verified - that Ioannis of Karpathos, an eminent figure of the 6th century church, lived in Vroukounta. The inhabitants of Vrykous and Nisiros stayed in their cities until the end of 7th century, and perhaps the 8th century. Then because of Arabic raids, were forced to look for shelter, probably relocating the entire cities, away from the sea, in naturally protected sites. It seems that Vrykous hasn't been inhabited since, while in Palatia life continued, probably with Arab inhabitants, who used the city as their base of operations, because the position of the city allowed them to dominate the passage between Rhodes and Karpathos. This theory is substantiated by the fact that only Arabs could live close to the sea during that period and because of the constant raids. The ruins found today in Palatia resemble the constructions of Syria dated before the 10th century. As it seems from the ruins and the deep clefts in the ground, the city of Palatia was destroyed by a strong earthquake, in the first two or three centuries of the second millennium AD. Ancient Era Today's village is certainly much bigger than the original 9th and 10th century settlement. When the pirates stopped their raids, the village expanded both towards the east and the west mountain side. Along the mountain top there is a row of horseshoe-shaped windmills, a distinctive feature of Olympos.The central church of the village, Kimisis tis Theotokou (the Assumption of the Virgin) is impressive. Built in the Byzantine style, its whole interior is covered with  murals dated from the years of the Turkish rule. The icon screen, made of carved wood, is an excellent piece of art. It was covered in tar to conceal the gold plating and only recently has it been restored to its original state. Apart from the central church, there are lot of picturesque chapels throughout the village and the region. Today many of the houses in the village are uninhabited because of immigration. Made with Xara Leaves daily from the port of Diafani Visits all beaches including Agios Minas beach. Over 25 years of experience with boat excursions. Private cruises can also be arranged   Excursions by Boat Boat trips are an easy and care free way to enjoy the island beaches. Most of the beaches can also be reached by car but the boat gives another dimension to visiting.  There are three boats to choose from at the port of Diafani. Nikos boat visits all the beaches including Agios Minas beach which others do not . Make sure to ask about this before buying the ticket.  All customers of Anemos hotel that stay for a period of longer than 5 days are entitled to a 50 % discount from their first boat trip to beaches. This does not include the Saria excursion. Daily Excursions by Nikos boat Discover Karpathos Nikos boat ÔïðïèåôÞóôå áõôÞí ôçí åôéêÝôá óôçí êåöáëßäá óáò Þ áêñéâþò ðñéí áðü ôçí ðëçóéÝóôåñç åôéêÝôá óþìáôïò. ÔïðïèåôÞóôå áõôÞí ôçí åôéêÝôá åêåß ðïõ èÝëåôå íá ãßíåé áðüäïóç ôïõ Êïõìðß +1. Excursions by Boat Boat trips are an easy and care free way to enjoy the island beaches. Most of the beaches can also be reached by car but the boat gives another dimension to visiting.  There are three boats to choose from at the port of Diafani. Nikos boat visits all the beaches including Agios Minas beach which others do not . Make sure to ask about this before buying the ticket.  All customers of for a period of longer than 5 days are entitled to a 50 % discount from their first boat trip to beaches. This does not include the Saria excursion. Daily Excursions by Nikos boat Discover Karpathos Made with Xara Daily Excursions by Nikos boat Beaches Once in Olympos you can visit many beaches either by car or by boat . There are boats leaving from the port of Diafani (7km) to all the main beaches and other smaller beaches upon request. You can also drive to the majority of the beaches by Jeep. Agios Minas beach is one of the best the island has to offer and there is a restaurant that offers fresh fish cooked on charcoal as well as grilled meats and other Greek delicacies. It is called Anemos Sunrise . There is also a free internet connection, and a shower to wash off. Other beaches worth a visit are Agnontia, Nati, Diafani, Vanada, Forokli and many more ! Agios Minas beach Agios Minas is considered by many as the best beach on the island. You can reach this beach by boat from Diafani and Pigadia or by jeep or atv . There are two roads that can take you there both of which also lead to other beaches. You can visit Nati or Agnontia beach then head towards Agios minas for fresh fish or grilled meats . After your stay you can stop at the church to take pictures of the beach and the panorama.  Either on your way to Olympos or after you visit Agios Minas provides you with an unforgettable experience that will bring you back time and time again. Agnontia beach Agnontia beach is situated on the east side of the island.  You can get there by using the road to Agios Minas that is closest to Spoa or by boat from Diafani. It is a dirt road appx 4 km distance and well worth the visit. After visiting you can also visit Agios Minas for food and drinks .   Nati beach Nati beach is also situated on the east side of the island. You can get there by taking the road to Agios Minas that is closest to Olympos or by boat from Diafani. It is approximately 4 km and is worth the visit . After visiting you can also visit Agios Minas for food and drinks .  Forokli beach Forokli beach Is situated on the east side of the island. You can get there by road It is the first intersection after leaving Olympos or the intersection just before arriving to Olympos.       ÔïðïèåôÞóôå áõôÞí ôçí åôéêÝôá óôçí êåöáëßäá óáò Þ áêñéâþò ðñéí áðü ôçí ðëçóéÝóôåñç åôéêÝôá óþìáôïò. ÔïðïèåôÞóôå áõôÞí ôçí åôéêÝôá åêåß ðïõ èÝëåôå íá ãßíåé áðüäïóç ôïõ Êïõìðß +1. Daily Excursions by Nikos boat Beaches Once in Olympos you can visit many beaches either by car or by boat . There are boats leaving from the port of Diafani (7km) to all the main beaches and other smaller beaches upon request. You can also drive to the majority of the beaches by Jeep. Agios Minas beach is one of the best the island has to offer and there is a restaurant that offers fresh fish cooked on charcoal as well as grilled meats and other Greek delicacies. It is called Anemos Sunrise . There is also a free internet connection, and a shower to wash off. Other beaches worth a visit are Agnontia, Nati , Diafani , Vanada, Forokli and many more ! Agnontia beach Agnontia beach is situated on the east side of the island.  You can get there by using the road to Agios Minas that is closest to Spoa or by boat from Diafani. It is a dirt road appx 4 km distance and well worth the visit. After visiting you can also visit Agios Minas for food and drinks .   Nati beach Nati beach is also situated on the east side of the island. You can get there by taking the road to Agios Minas that is closest to Olympos or by boat from Diafani. It is approximately 4 km and is worth the visit . After visiting you can also visit Agios Minas for food and drinks .  Forokli beach Forokli beach Is situated on the east side of the island. You can get there by road It is the first intersection after leaving Olympos or the intersection just before arriving to Olympos.       Made with Xara Hotel Anemos is situated in the center of the village Olympos. It is a few meters away from most points of interest as well as the restaurants, cafés and souvenir shops. The building has been recently restored and was initially built in the 1930’s. The stone walls keep it cool in the summer and provide a relaxing living atmosphere. Each room has a mini refrigerator and an electric water kettle for making coffee or tea. There is also a common kitchen for preparing meals and snacks. All rooms have a view of the sunset and the sea. The traditional beds will make your stay here a unique experience. Anemos Hotel ÔïðïèåôÞóôå áõôÞí ôçí åôéêÝôá óôçí êåöáëßäá óáò Þ áêñéâþò ðñéí áðü ôçí ðëçóéÝóôåñç åôéêÝôá óþìáôïò. ÔïðïèåôÞóôå áõôÞí ôçí åôéêÝôá åêåß ðïõ èÝëåôå íá ãßíåé áðüäïóç ôïõ Êïõìðß +1. Hotel Anemos is situated in the center of the village Olympos. It is a few meters away from most points of interest as well as the restaurants, cafés and souvenir shops. The building has been recently restored and was initially built in the 1930’s. The stone walls keep it cool in the summer and provide a relaxing living atmosphere. Each room has a mini refrigerator and an electric water kettle for making coffee or tea. There is also a common kitchen for preparing meals and snacks. All rooms have a view of the sunset and the sea. The traditional beds will make your stay here a unique experience. Made with Xara Gallery Pictures from Olympos Agios Minas beach and Anemos Hotel ÔïðïèåôÞóôå áõôÞí ôçí åôéêÝôá óôçí êåöáëßäá óáò Þ áêñéâþò ðñéí áðü ôçí ðëçóéÝóôåñç åôéêÝôá óþìáôïò. ÔïðïèåôÞóôå áõôÞí ôçí åôéêÝôá åêåß ðïõ èÝëåôå íá ãßíåé áðüäïóç ôïõ Êïõìðß +1. Gallery Pictures from Olympos Agios Minas beach and Anemos Hotel Made with Xara Anemos Sunrise Located on Agios Minas beach ÔïðïèåôÞóôå áõôÞí ôçí åôéêÝôá óôçí êåöáëßäá óáò Þ áêñéâþò ðñéí áðü ôçí ðëçóéÝóôåñç åôéêÝôá óþìáôïò. ÔïðïèåôÞóôå áõôÞí ôçí åôéêÝôá åêåß ðïõ èÝëåôå íá ãßíåé áðüäïóç ôïõ Êïõìðß +1. Anemos Sunrise Located on Agios Minas beach Made with Xara A group of businesses that cater to tourism. We restore old buildings and convert them for various uses. Among those are Taverna Anemos Sunrise at Agios Minas beach and Anemos Hotel in Olympos. Minas Drakos Anemos Group Minas Drakos Olympos Karpathos Dodecanese Hellas 85700 t: 0030 2241500377 m: 0030 6988 721214 e: escape2olympos@gmail.com www.visitolympos.com Fill out my online form . There are tons of Wufoo features to help make your forms awesome. Contact Us Feel free to contact us for any questions you may have on Olympos. There are many more festivals throughout the year. And much more for you to discover when you visit.  Let us help you make your visit to Olympos an unforgettable experience. ÔïðïèåôÞóôå áõôÞí ôçí åôéêÝôá óôçí êåöáëßäá óáò Þ áêñéâþò ðñéí áðü ôçí ðëçóéÝóôåñç åôéêÝôá óþìáôïò. ÔïðïèåôÞóôå áõôÞí ôçí åôéêÝôá åêåß ðïõ èÝëåôå íá ãßíåé áðüäïóç ôïõ Êïõìðß +1. A group of businesses that cater to tourism. We restore old buildings and convert them for various uses. Among those are Taverna Anemos Sunrise at Agios Minas beach and Anemos Hotel in Olympos. Fill out my online form . There are tons of Wufoo features to help make your forms awesome. Made with Xara <p>Your browser does not support iframes.</p> ÔïðïèåôÞóôå áõôÞí ôçí åôéêÝôá óôçí êåöáëßäá óáò Þ áêñéâþò ðñéí áðü ôçí ðëçóéÝóôåñç åôéêÝôá óþìáôïò. ÔïðïèåôÞóôå áõôÞí ôçí åôéêÝôá åêåß ðïõ èÝëåôå íá ãßíåé áðüäïóç ôïõ Êïõìðß +1. [if lt IE 7]><script type="text/javascript" src="index_htm_files/png.js"></script><![endif] [if IE]><script type="text/javascript">xr_aeh()</script><![endif] [if !IE]> <![endif] 