QUINTA DOS SONHOS
HOME  DETAILS  PRICES  ACCESSIBILITY  PICTURE GALLERY  CONTACT  OTHER INFORMATION  CLIENT ZONE  MORE...
Luxury villa for holiday rental.
Seeing this on a mobile? - visit our mobile friendly version of this site or click here & we'll send you our site address to view later
Our luxury 3 bedroom/3 bathroom Algarve villa with private heated pool, is available for holiday rental direct from us the owners. Beautifully situated in the Western Algarve, the villa accommodates up to 6, with the option to rent our adjacent cottage, accommodating a maximum of 9 in total across both houses.
​
The Western Algarve is one of the few remaining unspoilt coastal areas in Europe with dozens of beaches, pretty fishing villages & harbours, dramatic cliffs, amazing surfing, & excellent resort towns of Lagos & Alvor. (Details>Western Algarve)

This is a very special villa, enjoying a fantastic unspoilt location in its own grounds of over 5 acres (20,000m2). It is also our home for the winter months & so you can be assured it is equipped with every modern facility, including automatic air cond(itioning, private heated pool & jacuzzi, free broadband & guest computer for convenient internet access. (Details>Villa) Each winter we carry out new projects with the aim of being even more special each year. We also do all our own marketing as we prefer to deal directly with our clients. You can read about these & about us on our About us page. For guests with restricted mobility we also offer far better accessibility than the vast majority of holiday villas. (Details>Accessibility) All the information you need is here – just click on the menu above, then any of the sub menu links.

​but in summary:-
Villa 3 +1 bedrooms – : 1 double master suite, 1 double/twin, 1 twin, 1 small single for occasional use. Maximum 6 people. + up to 2 infants in cots ( See Details>Villa)
3 bathrooms - 2 ensuite, 1 with level access shower
optional – casinha 1 bedroom – sleeps  up to 2+2: 1 double, 2 bunk beds in separate area – casinha stays empty if you don’t need it. See Details>Casinha
full air conditioning: independent, automatic, efficient a/c in all major rooms (not 4th bedroom)  - free of charge (conditions apply – see FAQs).
own gated grounds – 5 acres gives privacy, security, space  - allows children to wander safely. See Details>Pool & gardens
private heated pool – environmentally friendly & luxury! Pool heating is free of charge (conditions apply - see FAQs)
heated jacuzzi Uses same environmentally friendly system as pool for heating with solar heat topup.
fabulous views panoramic views over unspoilt conservation area, distant views to the mountains.
very private unoverlooked, no passing traffic except the occasional goatherd.
good accessibility single level throughout villa, pool & terraces. see Accessibility for more details.
Local village 10-15min walk (5min drive) for small supermarkets, cafes, restaurants.
Centrally placed in the Western Algarve with main resorts Lagos & Alvor close at hand, Loads of beaches of every description 15-45min range See Details>Western AlgarveWestern Algarve
Golf, horse riding, water sports, auto racing, cycle hire close at hand.
Faro airport 45min by road, Lisbon 2.5hrs.


Proudly powered by Weebly
Bu site deneyiminizi kişiselleştirmek, site kullanımını analiz etmek ve kişiye özel tanıtımlar sunabilmek için çerezler kullanır. www.youronlinechoices.eu Bana daha sonra hatırlat Kabul ediyorum 