Wanaka Holiday House accommodation - Wanaka vacation rentals - Wanaka Holiday Houses Home Our Properties Wanaka Experiences Guest Reviews Contact Book now WANAKA HOLIDAY HOUSE ACCOMMODATION CHECK AVAILABILITY OUR PROPERTIES Spacious, comfortable self-contained holiday accommodation in Wanaka with all the benefits of home. Enjoy the spectacular panoramic mountain and lake views of Wanaka. Centrally located, our properties are just 5 minutes' walk to the lakefront, excellent coffee and a range of fine cuisine. WANAKA EXPERIENCES Set in the heart of the Southern Alps, Lake Wanaka offers stunning experiences every season of the year. Enjoy water sports on the lakes and rivers in Summer; spectacular Spring and Autumn scenery and cultural events; snow sports and mountain events in Winter; plus golf, mountain biking, hiking, fishing, modern cuisine and wine touring, all year round. WANAKA WEDDINGS Voted one of the Top 10 most romantic places in the world, Wanaka is famous for its weddings. The spectacular mountain and lake back drop makes for a breath-taking, memorable occasion. If you are visiting Wanaka for a wedding, why not make it a holiday? Spacious and comfortable self-contained  holiday accommodation in the heart of Wanaka with all the benefits of home. Wanaka View House 4 4 10 from $420/night Wanaka View House provides the environment and space for one or more families. The downstairs bunk room allows for the kids to play and entertain themselves while the parents can put their feet up and relax in front of the log burning fire with a glass of Classic Central Otago wine ... Read more Great views Lofty views towards Lake Wanaka Spacious & relaxing Space and comfort for up to 10 people Indoor outdoor flow Enjoy the large balcony, BBQ and spa pool Pembroke Cottage 3 1 6 from $210/night This sun soaked cottage is a comfortable and warm place to stay. With polished wooden floors throughout, wood burner and modern bathroom, large outdoor living area including spa pool, you will be delighted to stay here whatever the season. Read more Great views Expansive views towards Lake Wanaka Comfortable & relaxing Cosy and homely, perfect for a family of up to 6 Indoor outdoor flow Enjoy the large deck, BBQ and spa pool Wanaka Holiday Houses Spacious and comfortable self-contained holiday accommodation in Wanaka with all the benefits of home. Enjoy the spectacular panoramic mountain and lake views of Lake Wanaka. Centrally located in Wanaka township, just 5 minutes walk to the lakefront, excellent coffee and a range of fine cuisine. end of footer1 box 1 Navigation Home Our Properties Wanaka Experiences Guest Reviews Contact Terms & Conditions end of footer1 box 2 Contact Us BOOK NOW +64 21 599 655 info@wanakaholidayhouses.co.nz PO Box 718, Wanaka, New Zealand Let's Get social end of footer1 box 3 end of footer 1 © 2015 Ecalibar Limited Design by marketelements 