warnersfarm | Luxury B&B warnersfarm Luxury B&B Menu Skip to content Home Contact Facilities Dining Room Disabled Access Sitting Room Swimming Pool Guests’ Comments Local Area Rooms Blue Room Corner Room Garden Suite 1 Garden Suite 2 Master Suite Twin Room Your Hosts #masthead The closing chapter: Farewell .entry-header So, with some regrets, it is time to say thank you and goodbye to our lives as Bed and Breakfast hosts. I hope your memories from your stay here continue to bring you pleasure. Here are some photos that might strike a chord! the Guests’ sitting room. After five successful and fun filled years of building and running our lovely B&B, the time has come for us to move on to new adventures. Since coming here from careers in Academia and Project Management, we have developed a new bank of skills, discovered a lot about ourselves (and each other) and met some amazing people along the way. We have met guests from all around the world and shared their stories: we’ve opened their eyes to what is around them in this part of England and we have learned a little of their cultures and countries too. Various tradespeople have helped us to transform what was a rather neglected and tired place into a colourful, vibrant house, singing with history and full of individuality. “This is one of nicest places I have stayed at for many years. It is one of the quietest locations I have ever stayed in.  The swimming pool is a good size. There is also a hot tub in the vast garden which has a number of chickens roaming around.  We were welcomed with tea and cake when we arrived. The room was very clean and nicely decorated and had a vast selection of books to read” breakfast room “A very warm and friendly welcome from Irene. Room was lovely, extremely clean with a super comfortable king size bed. We loved the peace and quiet in this country setting and a very restful night. Breakfast was delicious with absolutely everything we could have wanted. A very historic building, beautifully presented and even an outside swimming pool if you feel energetic. Thank you!” Warner’s Farm – pretty in the sun and snow. Our house is a blend of antique furnishings with all the modern convenience and features that make a stay here relaxing and tranquil. All that effort to make improvements has resulted in a holiday destination – more than just a home away from home. The heated swimming pool has extended the swimming year and the sauna and hot tub under the stars along with log fires in the sitting room, have given us pleasure through the colder months. We are proud of the 5 * reviews we have had across the board and, no doubt, will continue to offer our personal guests the best breakfasts they’ve ever had. Enjoy the photos and keep in touch x “Peter and Irene are extremely welcoming hosts; warm and hospitable. We were welcomed with home made cakes and Irene had gone out of her way to accommodate my food allergies, both with welcome tea and snacks and breakfast. Her individual flair is evident at breakfast in the way it is cooked and presented which is eaten in an especially light and spacious room. You are welcome to use their pool which is in an attractive walled area with room to sit alongside, surrounded by their beautiful garden and countryside. It was a pleasure to stay in their historic house with individually furnished bedrooms and ensuite bathrooms, a very comfortable guests’ lounge and interesting furniture -the complete antidote to anodyne chain hotels. ” breakfast laid out by the pool. “We have just spent a stay at this beautiful B&B, Irene & Peter the owners/hosts were just as beautiful, the bed was so comfortable & there was everything you could possibly need! A stunning period home, & the breakfast was spot on! The breakfast table was so quaintly set, we will definitely be returning, fresh food, a lot of the food was sourced from them very selves, 2 very impressed customers. “ part of our new breakfast room with hand painted furniture and antique lace cloths A cosy corner in the guest sitting room The fig tree is doing well against a sunny wall. Two families enjoying the pool. birds of a feather…. sheltering from snow. Lovely Florence snug on her nest. ducks and ducklings joining us for breakfast. with love from Irene and Peter Warner. PS, If you feel you would also like to run a B&B, we’re happy to advise. If you would like to buy Warner’s Farm itself, then please get in touch, it will be going on the market later this year (either as a B&B or a large family home). .entry-content #post-## #content #primary Search Check Availablity Book Online Now Recent Posts The closing chapter: Farewell Tea Time at Warner’s Farm Breakfast Room eco credentials New girl band of hens: Recent Comments Ian and Sally Steyn on Tea Time at Warner’s Far… Archives February 2019 August 2016 May 2015 March 2015 January 2015 October 2014 August 2014 July 2014 May 2014 February 2014 Categories General grounds History Improvements Reviews Roman Meta Register Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.com #secondary #main Blog at WordPress.com. .site-info #colophon #page 