Pentre Mawr Country House & Wedding Venue - Pentre Mawr Country House and Wedding Venue Pentre Mawr Country House and Wedding Venue Search Primary Menu Skip to content Our Rooms Rooms at Pentre Mawr Superior Rooms with Double Jacuzzi’s Suites with Hot tubs African Safari Lodges Self Catering at Pentre Mawr Weddings Weddings at Pentre Mawr Wedding Brochure Watch our Wedding Video Pentre Perfect Partners Aberloyw Mawr Guest House Extra Accommodation for our Wedding Parties Boring but important!! Contact and Find Us Directions Accessibility Statement Address and phone numbers Terms and Conditions Contact and Find Us Things to Do Things to Do Golf Natural Beauty Search for: #masthead Pentre Mawr Country House & Wedding Venue .entry-header Welcome to Pentre Mawr Country House.  In beautiful North Wales, nestling in the foothills of the Clwydian range, an area of outstanding natural beauty, stands 5 Star Pentre Mawr Country House. Just an hour from the metropolises of Manchester and Liverpool and only four hours from the capital. Unlike many country houses, there’s nothing stuffy about Pentre Mawr. Sure it’s been in the same family of over 400 years but has been given a complete face lift to become a boutique country house hotel.  We sit in over 200 acres of parkland, woods and meadows and enjoy half a mile of fishing in the Clwydog river.  We’re a little different up here, with our rooms, suites and lodges all unique in style. You can enjoy huge double jacuzzis in our superior rooms, our cottage suites with private hottubs; or why not sleep under canvas in one of our African safari lodges with your very own private hot tub.  So whether its a romantic getaway with a difference you’re after, or maybe the wedding of your dreams Pentre Mawr is the place for you.  Explore our rooms Whether it's a safari lodge or a cottage suite you're after, we have it all. If you want a relaxing getaway, Pentre Mawr is the place for you. Weddings at Pentre Mawr There really is no limit to the kind of wedding day you can create for yourself – and it all begins with your choice of venue. Whatever you choose will no doubt be a reflection of the kind of couple you are – at Pentre Mawr, the only limitation is your imagination. Meet Your Hosts We are the crazy people who decided it was good idea to put African Safari Lodges at Pentre Mawr . There’s Graham, he’s head gardener, chief cook and bottle washer and a pretty good hand in the kitchen when Bre’s not around. Then you’ve got Bre, she’s kind of a jack of all trades but useless on the digger and the tractor. You’ll find her in the kitchen at weekends cooking up a storm! She’s also the mad woman who puts the web sites together and tries to keep track of what’s going on, sometimes without success. And then there’s Conor who is 25 and is a great commis chef with his mum in the kitchen, a dap hand at emptying hot tubs and all round a good egg who helps out when he’s not away at work in Manchester. For eleven years we had an award winning hotel in Conwy. In August 2010 we sold that hotel and are now concentrating all our efforts on Pentre Mawr Country House. The fine old house has been in the family for more than 400 years. While it’s full of family history and period pieces, but it’s far from being a relic. It’s had a complete overhaul before we opened it’s doors as a country house. The food is modern and where possible is sourced locally. Bread is baked daily, along with cakes, jams and other tasty morsels! If you’d like to know more, phone us on 01824 790732 or email info@pentremawrcountryhouse.co.uk Who’s welcome! We’d like to welcome everyone but for some obvious and some not so obvious reasons we can’t welcome little people under 12 years…….so it’s a chance for Mum’s and Dad’s to have a romantic break without the wee ones and to rediscover each other! Four legged friends of all kinds are most welcome and where possible with no limit on numbers but please check it out with us first! When we have whole of house parties or weddings everyone is welcome no matter how big or small, with pets of all kinds! Simple Share Buttons Adder (7.4.18) simplesharebuttons.com It's only fair to share... Twitter Facebook email .entry-content #post-## #content #primary #main-content 5 star country house hotel and bespoke wedding venue Pentre Gallery Our Rooms Wedding Gallery Watch our Wedding Video Blog Reviews Follow Us! Speak To A Real Person Contact one of the gang at Pentre Mawr 01824 790 732 info@pentremawrcountryhouse.co.uk Pentre Mawr Country House, Llandyrnog, Denbigh, LL16 4LA #primary-sidebar #secondary #main Proudly powered by WordPress .site-info #colophon #page ngg_resource_manager_marker 