Gray Line Westcoast Sightseeing - Vancouver Tours + Hop-On, Hop-Off Google Tag Manager (noscript) End Google Tag Manager (noscript) Menu +1-877-451-1777 Skip to content Menu Home Things To Do Hop-On, Hop-Off Guided Tours Seasonal Tours Harbour Tours Bundles Activities + Attractions Points Of Interest Live Hop-On, Hop-Off Map View Deals! Menu Home Things To Do Hop-On, Hop-Off Guided Tours Seasonal Tours Harbour Tours Bundles Activities + Attractions Points Of Interest Live Hop-On, Hop-Off Map View Deals! Menu × Home Things To Do Hop-On, Hop-Off Guided Tours Seasonal Tours Harbour Tours Bundles Activities + Attractions Points Of Interest Live Hop-On, Hop-Off Map View Deals! .entry-header Result: Hop-On, Hop-Off Result: Vancouver City + Capilano Suspension Bridge Canyon Lights Result: Vancouver City + Capilano Suspension Bridge Park Tour Result: Grouse Mountain + Capilano Suspension Bridge Park Tour Result: Victoria + Butchart Gardens Tour Result: Vancouver City + The Lookout Tour Result: Haunted Vancouver Trolley Tour Result: Whistler + Sea to Sky Gondola Tour Result: Hop-On in Vancouver + Tour Victoria – 2 Day Bundle Result: Hop-On in Vancouver + Tour Whistler- 2 Day Bundle Result: Evening Tour of Vancouver Result: Victoria + Butchart Gardens Christmas Tour Result: Victoria + Butchart Gardens with Harbour Air Seaplane Return Result: Coal Harbour e-Tour Result: Vancouver Harbour Tour Result: Karaoke Christmas Lights Trolley Tour Result: Explore the North Shore Result: Stanley Park Experience Result: Vancouver Art Gallery Result: Sea Vancouver – Waterfront Sightseeing Adventures Result: Prince of Whales – Vancouver Whale Watching Adventures Result: Vancouver Aquarium Result: Dr. Sun Yat-Sen Classical Chinese Garden Result: The Vancouver Lookout Result: Grouse Mountain Resort Result: Capilano Suspension Bridge Park Result: Flyover Canada Result: Museum of Vancouver Result: Vancouver Maritime Museum Result: Science World Result: Squamish Lil’wat Cultural Centre Result: Harbour Air Seaplanes Result: Sea to Sky Gondola Result: Ziptrek – Treektrek Canopy Walk Result: Ziptrek – Bear Tour Result: Craft Beer and Food Brewery Tour Result: Scandinave Spa Bath Entrance Result: Britannia Mine Museum Result: V2V – Ferry Between Vancouver + Victoria Result: Pacific Institute of Culinary Arts Result: Vancouver Water Adventures Result: Whistler Air – Spectacular Glacier Sightseeing by Floatplane Result: False Creek Ferries Result: Stanley Park Horse-Drawn Tours Result: Gastown Pub Walks Result: Parq Casino Result: Canada Place Result: English Bay Result: Gastown Result: Sea to Sky Highway Result: Shannon Falls Park Result: Whistler Village Result: Squamish Adventure Centre Result: BC Ferries Result: Victoria Inner Harbour Result: Chinatown Vancouver Result: Stanley Park Result: Granville Island Public Market Result: Stanley Park Totem Poles Result: Lion’s Gate Bridge Result: Vancouver Police Museum Result: VanDusen Botanical Garden Result: The Butchart Gardens Result: Harbour Air Result: Capilano Fish Hatchery Result: Queen Elizabeth Park Search #content #primary Current Promotions Looking to venture through Vancouver's temperate rainforests, north shore mountains and the bustling streets of Vancouver? Enjoy limited-time offers on guided tours, Hop-On, Hop-Off, Electric Harbour Tours and more! View all our promotions here . fwp-loop Guided Tour $10 ADD-ON PROMOTION 1h 45m Length $29 Adult (13+) Evening Tour of Vancouver Guided Tour $10 Add-on Promotion 13h Length $215 Adult (13+) Victoria + Butchart Gardens Tour Guided Tour $10 Add-on Promotion 10h Length $189 Adult (13+) Whistler + Sea to Sky Gondola Tour Your Guidebook It can be hard to know where to start when you're in a new city. We're here to help. We believe the most remarkable place on earth is right here in our own backyard and we can't wait to share our favourite places with you. Whether you're only in town for a few hours or you're planning an extended vacation, we can help you create the trip of your dreams.  Guided Tours Experience the best of Vancouver, Whistler, Victoria, and the North Shore with live narration by our expert guides. Bundles Explore Vancouver's iconic attractions, city highlights and destinations with our bundles and packages. Hop-On, Hop-Off Hop aboard to explore and learn about Vancouver's city highlights and attractions. Points Of Interest Get that Instagram worthy shot of Vancouver with our favourite landmarks and historic sites. Seasonal Tours Get into the holiday spirit with your family and friends by checking out our seasonal tour options. Attractions + Activities Consider this your guidebook for the top things to do in Vancouver, handpicked by locals. Harbour Tours See the sights of Vancouver on one of our Harbour Tours. Cultural We'll show you the best of the best from traditional First Nations carvings to contemporary public art installations. Great for Cruise Passengers Explore Vancouver with these tours and attractions, while your cruise ship is in port.  Hop-On, Hop-Off Sightseeing Variety is the spice of life, so for each of our Hop-On, Hop-Off Sightseeing Tours we dish it up and you get to choose. We operate two types of vehicles, and while both buses travel the same routes, each offers a very different tour experience. Of course, we suggest you take the time to enjoy both, but we won't make you. Channeling the spirit of San Francisco, our trolleys will have you ready for a jolly time. The Driver Guide will provide you with live commentary of your tour, lending a local's authentic take on the magic that makes Vancouver great. But as fun as our trolley tours are, our convertible and clear-top buses are equally special. Your view of the city will be like no other as you tour the streets with the wind in your hair, experiencing our vibrant downtown with all of your senses. You will be accompanied by a recorded commentary that is available in multiple languages. Learn More OUR STORY People have many reasons to explore. They explore to learn; they explore to make new friends; they explore to enrich their connection to new places and new people; they explore to satisfy their curiosity; they explore to escape their routine; or they simply explore for fun and adventure. By exploring we turn the unknown into the familiar, and strangers into friends. We are explorers ourselves, constantly looking deeper for new stories to share and interesting places to experience. We are well aware of the special connection people have with our community, and being a host means we celebrate the West Coast with you—we offer options to guide you and inspire you in the way that suits your style. OUR STORY People have many reasons to explore. They explore to learn; they explore to make new friends; they explore to enrich their connection to new places and new people; they explore to satisfy their curiosity; they explore to escape their routine; or they simply explore for fun and adventure. By exploring we turn the unknown into the familiar, and strangers into friends. We are explorers ourselves, constantly looking deeper for new stories to share and interesting places to experience. We are well aware of the special connection people have with our community, and being a host means we celebrate the West Coast with you—we offer options to guide you and inspire you in the way that suits your style. OUR VALUES Our values form the foundation on which we conduct ourselves. They are the fundamental beliefs that we hold as an organization and as individuals. These four values guide us in our behaviour internally and help us develop meaningful, lasting relationships with everyone we meet. Each of our team members carry a copy of our values with them as a reminder of our commitment to our guests, our community, and each other.  THROUGH THE GUEST’S EYES We take the time to understand and appreciate the experience from our guest’s point of view. DRIVEN TO GO ABOVE + BEYOND We have a passionate desire to exceed expectations in everything we do. RESPECTFUL + SINCERE We give and earn respect through genuine kindness and consideration. IT’S A TEAM EFFORT We work towards a common goal through communication, trust and collaboration. We are loyal, supportive and willing to work together. DOING THE RIGHT THING We make our communities a better place through environmental stewardship, social purpose and education Proud partners Overlay Wrapper Overlay Wrapper Closed Overlay Wrapper Overlay Wrapper Closed Overlay Wrapper Overlay Wrapper Closed Overlay Wrapper Overlay Wrapper Closed Overlay Wrapper Overlay Wrapper Closed Overlay Wrapper Overlay Wrapper Closed Overlay Wrapper Overlay Wrapper Closed Overlay Wrapper Overlay Wrapper Closed Overlay Wrapper Overlay Wrapper Closed Overlay Wrapper Overlay Wrapper Closed Overlay Wrapper Overlay Wrapper Closed STORIES FROM OUR GUESTS As this was my first time being in Vancouver, I really wanted an all-encompassing overview of the city. Totally worth every penny. It really helped me plan out the next few days of my trips and narrowed down what I should focus on. I would definitely recommend taking the tour, especially if you've never been to the city and want so good ideas what to do there. JUSTINE M., TRIPADVISOR USER This company was amazing to work with from start to finish, but the highlight for us was Errol Sack. He was not only knowledgeable about everything Vancouver, he was just an awesome guy to spend an afternoon sightseeing with. He has a great sense of humor and ran into people he knew at every stop we made. You can tell he really loves his job, people, and especially chatting with tourists. CHICAGO,  ILLINOIS Great tour, would highly recommend. Our tour guide/driver Mark was very knowledgeable and entertaining and made sure all in the group had the best possible time. Will definitely be booking one of their other tours. MAGGIE, TRIPADVISOR USER Follow Us On Instagram @westcoastsights pagination navigation arrows .entry-content .clear #post-## #main #primary ast-container #content About Us Everything we do at Gray Line Westcoast Sightseeing is for a common purpose: Sharing Remarkable Experiences Together. We have been introducing the world to Vancouver, Victoria, and Whistler for over 30 years, and we can’t wait to share these experiences with you! Our History We’re Hiring! Affiliates Get In Touch! Welcome Kiosk @ Canada Place 1-877-451-1777 1-604-451-1600 Email Us Visitor Guide Hop-On, Hop-Off Live Map Pick-Up Locations Printable Hop-On, Hop-Off Map Printable Brochure Blog How Was Your Tour? Charters What We Can Offer Our Vehicles Get A Quote Inline Block Space Fix © 2019 Gray Line Westcoast Sightseeing. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy Terms of Use Terms + Conditions #page 