Weston Lawn Call us: +44 (0)1225 421362 Book Online Now > .sidebar .site-header Home About BOOK A ROOM Accommodation The Garden Room The Cottage Around Bath Location Contact us .nav-primary .wrap .banner Welcome to Weston Lawn – An Easy Walk to City Centre .entry-header FREE PARKING – FREE WIFI – FREE BATH DISCOUNT CARD Weston Lawn is a Georgian family house, owned and run by William & Fiona Close with the assistance of their Cocker Spaniel and friendly Pussy Cat. Located within a comfortable walking distance of the centre of Bath and with good access to the motorways. Parking is free, off the road, in front of Weston Lawn. We offer comfortable and friendly 4* accommodation with all the facilities you would expect including internet access. We welcome guests for long or short stays in our relaxing non – smoking Bath B&B. A minimum stay of two nights is normally required when staying over a weekend (Friday, Saturday nights). We regret that we are unable to accommodate pets. Our Rooms We have double, twin (making use of the sofa bed), single and family rooms. All our rooms are either en suite or have a private facilities. All our rooms are centrally heated and are classically furnished to ensure your relaxing stay. Each room has a colour TV, radio, alarm clock and, of course, a hair dryer. You can make yourselves limitless cups of tea or coffee from the selection provided. There are plenty of books and publications with information on what to do and see in and around Bath. More…   The Cottage Self Catering accommodation which can accommodate up to 3 adults and 1 child, is set in the grounds of Weston Lawn house. More…   City Centre Apartment This is our Georgian apartment in central Bath. It has 1 bedroom and can accommodate up to 4 persons. More… .content Check Availability & Book Now Check In Number of Nights Book Now Find us .sidebar .site-inner Contact us +44 (0)1225 421362 or +44 (0)7899 748598 Weston Lawn Lucklands Road, Weston, Bath, BA1 4AY Copyright © 2019 Weston Lawn. Church WordPress Theme by themehall.com .site-footer .site-container 