Canmore Rocky Mountain Inn | Hotels in Canmore, Alberta Google Tag Manager (noscript) End Google Tag Manager (noscript) .c Canmore, AB 1-800-268-0935 Home Rooms Features REVIEWS Canmore Attractions OFFERS Gallery Contact BOOK NOW toggle book now Home Rooms Features Reviews Canmore Attractions Offers Gallery Contact Tap to call home Located in the Heart of Canmore in the Canadian Rockies previous next Welcome to Canmore Rocky Mountain Inn Intimate, charming and quaint, the Canmore Rocky Mountain Inn is ideal for guests looking for a relaxing escape in the mountains. With 62 tastefully furnished rooms and suites and unique amenities , including a 24-hour dry sauna, hotel parking and complimentary continental breakfast, the Canmore Rocky Mountain Inn is one of the most accommodating pet friendly hotels and places to stay in Canmore, Alberta. QUAINT, ALPINE CHARM Our alpine-inspired property is a place to call home at any time of the year. Surrounded by stunning mountain backdrops and featuring classic cottage-style exteriors and interiors, guests can truly escape from it all. Offering comfort and convenience in every room and suite - Canmore Rocky Mountain Inn is one of the best hotels in Canmore. LEARN MORE WINE RECEPTION AND DRY SAUNA We are one step ahead of other Canmore, Alberta hotels when it comes to world-class service. We offer unique amenities for our guests to enjoy, including nightly wine receptions in our Lobby area, with its roaring wood fireplace, warmth and relaxation in our 24-hour dry sauna. LEARN MORE COUPLES ROMANCE Nothing says romance like a jacuzzi built for two - making the Canmore Rocky Mountain Inn the ideal place for a couple’s escape. Relax in the privacy of one of newly renovated jacuzzi suites or in our Canmore hotel's 24-hour sauna. Plenty of nearby restaurants offer a romantic ambiance, perfect for creating memorable moments. Whether you are celebrating a special anniversary or want to spend quiet time together to reconnect, our hotel provides everything needed for an intimate couples escape in the mountains. LEARN MORE Testimonials “A friend and I stayed in the deluxe jacuzzi suite. It was perfect for an after snowshoeing morning. Jacuzzi, fireplace, couches, full kitchen. Door straight to outside from our room also made it easy bringing our luggage in. It was clean, quiet. The hotel is a little older but so quaint and cozy, fireplace in the lobby, coffee always on. I’d highly recommend it. And I’d definitely stay again.” - meljenks32 Red Deer, AB Canada “I stayed in a one bedroom suite for 5 nights and found it very enjoyable. The building is clearly older than most inns you'll be familiar with, but everything was clean and in good working order. The staff were always most helpful and the afternoon wine tastings in the lobby were a good opportunity to make friends.” - ScannerGFlorida, Miami, Florida “Canmore is a much nicer (and cheaper) place to stay, firstly the mountain views from the hotel rooms are amazing. We arrived and there was a fresh layer of snow across the whole town, our room balcony has about 6 inches of snow on it and stayed for a few days. Check in was easy. With the massive fire place in reception you never want to leave. They have free wine every night and a pretty good continental breakfast each morning with Pancakes, muffins, bagels with cold meats and cereal coffee etc. loads of parking and easy access to town or the highway.” - Abaker25, Anchorage, Alaska “Walking into the main entrance is nice as it is lined with cut wood for the fire place (the smell of the cut wood just adds to the mountain setting). There is a large sitting area by the front desk which also has a large fire place, multiples sitting areas and table, a giant chess board and even a piano if you are wanting to entertain other guests. There is complimentary lemon water and coffee out all day. Between 5-6 there is a free wine for all guests (legal drinking age in Alberta is 18).” - AStriefler, Calgary, Canada previous next EXPLORE CANMORE Known for its rocky summits, Ha Ling Peak and the Three Sisters, the charming town of Canmore is located in Alberta's awe-inspiring Rocky Mountains, just west of Calgary. There is never a shortage of things to do in Canmore for couples, solo travelers, explorers or groups. Canmore is home to a variety of local attractions and stunning scenery for a magical stay in the mountains.. Learn More previous next Canmore Rocky Mountain Inn 1719 Bow Valley Trail Canmore, Alberta  T1W 1L7 Canada Telephone: (403) 678-5221 Fax: (403) 678-3352 Email: info@canmorerockymountaininn.com Book Direct: 1-800-268-0935 Loading... Contact Us Name Email Email Submit + Get directions Tap to call Contact us Book now facebook tripadvisor-logotype Home Rooms Features REVIEWS Canmore Attractions OFFERS Gallery Contact Sitemap Privacy Policy Copyright © Canmore Rocky Mountain Inn. All Rights reserved. Digital Hospitality Internet Marketing google-plus-symbol instagram-social-network-logo-of-photo-camera twitter-logo-silhouette facebook-logo tripadvisor-logotype 