Home - Wicker Inn Home Photo Gallery Property Site Map Property Photos Blog Accommodations One Bedroom Suites The Hibiscus The Periwinkle The Oleander The Gardenia The Camellia Two Bedroom Suites The Bougainvillea Cottage The Orchid The Sunflower The Magnolia The Primrose Three Bedroom Suites The Morning Glory Suite Reservation Request a Reservation Rates Specials Terms & Conditions Longboat Key Area Attractions Fishing & Boating Golf & Tennis Arts & Culture Shopping & Dining Transportation Activities Contact Us social icons Search Address: 5581 Gulf of Mexico Drive, Longboat Key, FL 34228       Reservations: 1-800-285-3481  Fax 941-383-9780 close .width-container . close .slider-container close .width-container close .flex-caption . close .slider-container close .width-container close .flex-caption . close .slider-container close .width-container close .flex-caption . close .slider-container close .width-container close .flex-caption . close .slider-container close .width-container close .flex-caption . close .slider-container close .width-container close .flex-caption close .flexslider #page-title The featured slider is called from the header.php located in the slider-progression.php file display homepage widgets homepage widgets end this code pull in the homepage content Home Escape to Longboat Key and the Florida of days gone by.   Charming Beach Inn. Private Pool. Stunning Beach.  Wicker Inn is a private beachfront paradise on the beautiful and exclusive island of Longboat Key, near  Sarasota, Florida. This quaint inn features ten suites and one cottage, all newly renovated with timeless  Old Florida decor. Each thoughtfully-appointed suite has white wicker rockers on its front porch or patio.  All of this is surrounded by tropical blooms, lush foliage, vine covered arbors, swaying palm trees, a  private gazebo, heated swimming pool, and designated charcoal grilling area.   Your private beach retreat.  Wicker Inn continues to be one of Florida’s best-kept secrets. Located only 20 minutes from Sarasota-  Bradenton International Airport and just over an hour from St. Petersburg and Tampa International  airports. The Inn is close to all the world-class shopping, dining and entertainment of Sarasota, yet a    world away.   Location Map   All that’s missing is you.   Wicker Inn is the ideal beach vacation destination – for a week, a month or a few nights.    Discover the laid-back privacy and island charm of a one, two or three bedroom suite,  fully equipped for your every vacation need.    Book your vacation today!   Accommodations   Homepage Child Pages Start Photo Gallery Memorial Day Cookout Longboat Key Chamber Event Property Site Map Blog Accommodations  At The Wicker Inn, you’ll discover an intimate beachside retreat, with one, two or three bedroom suites, thoughtfully appointed and fully equipped for your every vacation need. Take your pick from the following suite or cottage options for a romantic escape or a fun filled Florida getaway with the family.   COTTAGE The Bougainvillea The Wicker Inn’s Bougainvillea Cottage at The Wicker Inn features a large living room, dining room, a separate kitchen, two bedrooms and one bath. One bedroom has a king size bed and the other a queen size bed. The bath has a tub/shower. The patio area, with wicker rockers, overlooks the pool.  More information .     THREE BEDROOM SUITE Morning Glory The three bedroom Morning Glory Suite at the Wicker Inn features a spacious living/dining room with a full kitchen. A large patio area, with wicker rockers and a BBQ grill, overlooks the pool.  More information.         TWO BEDROOM SUITES Magnolia The two bedroom Magnolia Suite at The Wicker Inn features a living/dining room, full separate kitchen, two bedrooms and two baths. The master bedroom has a king size bed and the second has two twins. The master bath has a walk-in shower and the second bath has a tub/shower. The patio area, with wicker rockers and a BBQ grill, overlooks the pool.  More information .   Primrose The two bedroom Primrose Suite features a spacious  living/dining room with a full kitchen. A large patio area, with wicker rockers and a BBQ grill, overlooks the pool. The master bath has a walk-in shower and the second bath has a tub/shower.  More information .     Orchid The Orchid Suite offers the ultimate privacy as it the only suite at the Wicker Inn located on the second floor.  From the suite’s private oversized front porch guests will enjoy awe-inspiring views of the resort pool and Gulf of Mexico. Orchid Suite accommodations include a spacious living room, dining area, full kitchen and two relaxing bedrooms.   More information.   Sunflower The two bedroom Sunflower Suite at the Wicker Inn features a living/dining room, full kitchen, two bedrooms and two baths. A screened porch opens to the beach and Gulf of Mexico plus a patio area, with wicker rockers and a BBQ grill, overlooking the pool.   More information.       ONE BEDROOM SUITES                                Camellia Suite ,  Gardenia Suite ,  Oleander Suite ,  Periwinkle Suite , and   Hibiscus Suite Each One Bedroom Suite features a large porch area overlooking the resort’s pool, one-bedroom, sofa sleeper, full kitchen and spacious living/dining area.   More information.        One Bedroom Each One Bedroom Suite features a large porch area overlooking the resort’s pool, one-bedroom, sofa sleeper, full kitchen and spacious living/dining area. More Information Two Bedroom The  Two Bedroom Suites feature a large patio area, two bedrooms, full kitchen and spacious living/dining area.  The Orchid is the ultimate in privacy being the only suite located on the second floor. More Information Three Bedroom The  Three Bedroom Suites  features a large patio area, three bedrooms and spacious living/dining area. More Information Homepage Child Pages End close .content-container-anchor close .width-container close #main close .width-container close #footer-widgets © 2013 Wicker Inn All Rights Reserved. social icons close #copyright ngg_resource_manager_marker 