Wicksteed Park | UK Kids Theme Park Park | Family Days Out Northamptonshire Facebook Pixel Code End Facebook Pixel Code DESKTOP MENU COMMUNITY EVENTS LOGIC Discover over 30 exciting rides and activities, including one of the longest zip wires in the UK. We have 147 acres of beautiful rolling parkland – perfect for a game of frisbee, or a big family picnic. Check our Ride Availability and find out what fun you can have here! Ride Calendar Feature Event Mobile Events Mobile Outdoor Cinema Season: Bohemian Rhapsody 17th August 2019 Come and enjoy this Oscar Winning Film, Bohemian Rhapsody for our final Outdoor Cinema Season film for 2019! Read More Comedy Night- September 27th September 2019 Join us for our Comedy Night! Working with The Official Comedy Club who are renowned for scooping up some of the best comedy talents around. Virtually all of their acts have appeared on TV and come highly regarded! Read More Wicky's Little Monsters Ball 26th October 2019 Wicky Bear is holding his annual Little Monsters Ball, and he can’t wait! He and his crew will be performing some spooktacular dances as well as hosting party games and a disco. Read More Wicksteed Park Bonfire Night 2nd November 2019 Join us this Bonfire Night for another Wicksteed extravaganza! This will be our 18th annual Fireworks Display which will be held on Saturday, November 2nd from 5pm, with the bonfire being lit at 7.15pm and Fireworks Display at approx 8pm. Read More Events Desktop Outdoor Cinema Season: Bohemian Rhapsody 17th August 2019 Come and enjoy this Oscar Winning Film, Bohemian Rhapsody for our final Outdoor Cinema Season film for 2019! Comedy Night- September 27th September 2019 Join us for our Comedy Night! Working with The Official Comedy Club who are renowned for scooping up some of the best comedy talents around. Virtually all of their acts have appeared on TV and come highly regarded! Wicky's Little Monsters Ball 26th October 2019 Wicky Bear is holding his annual Little Monsters Ball, and he can’t wait! He and his crew will be performing some spooktacular dances as well as hosting party games and a disco. Wicksteed Park Bonfire Night 2nd November 2019 Join us this Bonfire Night for another Wicksteed extravaganza! This will be our 18th annual Fireworks Display which will be held on Saturday, November 2nd from 5pm, with the bonfire being lit at 7.15pm and Fireworks Display at approx 8pm. Did You Know Volunteer Today Are you interested in volunteering at Wicksteed Park? Would you like more information on what you can do to get involved and help us? Download our volunteer guide to find out how you can get involved below. Volunteer Guide Did you know? Wicksteed Park, is wholly owned by Wicksteed Charitable Trust and is a Grade II English Heritage Listed Park & Garden. The park was founded in 1921 as part of the extraordinary legacy of Charles Wicksteed which extends beyond the Recreation Park he created. As an entrepreneur and innovator Charles was also an inventor and respected successful engineer. Our community, education and heritage activities promote the precious historic landscape, heritage rides and provide new opportunities for communities to engage and participate. Wicksteed Private Hire Wicksteed Private Hire Are you looking for a versatile, fun-filled venue for your next private function or team building outing? Wicksteed Park offers several private hire options from corporate events to extravagant weddings. With a variety of rooms dedicated to special events, as well as group bookings for rides and attractions around the park, Wicksteed is a great option to add to your venue considerations. Find out more Partners MINOR ALERT LOGIC MAJOR ALERT LOGIC Home Rides & Attractions Activities Things to See Plan your visit What's On Camping Fun School Days Educational School Days Heritage Play The Pavilion Private Hire & Weddings Corporate Hire Private Hire FAQ Wicksteed Charitable Trust Media Centre Careers Contact Local Membership Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Terms & Conditions Access Statement We accept payments online in GBP (Pound Sterling) Wicksteed Park is a member of BALPPA (British Association of Leisure Parks, Piers and Attractions) and welcomes visits by people with disabilities to its amusement park Wicksteed Park ltd. is a company wholly owned by the Wicksteed Charitable Trust |  Registered Charity No. 1142103 |  Company Registered No. 01183177 |  VAT No. 189782731 |  Wicksteed Park, Barton Road, Kettering, Northants, NN15 6NJ Buy your Ride Wristbands Our Newsletter Sign up to our newsletter today to stay up-to-date with all the latest events and information! By clicking sign up you give us permission to contact you by email. See more details in our privacy policy 