 WILDWOOD MOUNTAIN SMOKY MOUNTAINS WILDWOOD MOUNTAIN SMOKY MOUNTAINS /span_3 BOOK YOUR CABIN VIEW CABINS PACKAGES DIRECTIONS Emerald Pines Eagle’s Nest Carrie’s Cabin Blue Heaven Creek Heaven Jon’s Pond Amazing Views Peaceful Pines AREA INFO /span_9 /row /header-outer /span_12 /search-box /container /search /search-outer No menu assigned! Wildwood Mountain Smoky Mountain Cabins   Wildwood Mountain Cabins Private cabins in the Smoky Mountains! Book one to four bedroom cabins near the Great Smoky Mountains National Park! BOOK YOUR CABIN! PACKAGE DEALS! /container /swiper-slide   Welcome To The Smoky Mountains! We are located at the Smokies near rafting, ziplining, the Appalachian Trail, Max Patch, & all the mountains have to offer! /container /swiper-slide 1 1 1 BEDROOM Emerald Pines | Sleeps 4 | 1.5 Bath Blue Heaven | Sleeps 5 | 1 Bath Peaceful Pines | Sleeps 4 | 1 Bath 2 BEDROOMS Eagle’s Nest | Sleeps 8 | 2 Bath Creek Heaven | Sleeps 6 | 2 Bath Jon’s Pond | Sleeps 6 | 2 Bath 3 BEDROOMS We do not currently have 3 bedroom cabins available. 4 BEDROOMS Carrie’s Cabin | Sleeps 12 | 2.5 Bath Amazing Views | Sleeps 10 | 3.5 Bath Cabins Close To Max Patch! Are you ready for jaw dropping views of the Smokies?! Area Attractions Book A Cabin! /container /swiper-slide Stop paying too much for cabins that are not secluded! Not all cabins are the same With Wildwood Mountain Cabins, you get peace, quiet, and tranquility. Our cabins sleep 4 to 12 people and are private. Carrie’s Cabin sits on 30 acres of land with amazing views of the East Tennessee and Smoky Mountain landscape! Need room? Eagle’s Nest is a large 3 story log cabin enough room for the entire family to stretch out and relax. All cabins include hot tubs and other amenities. Call us today at 800-423-2030 to book your cabin! OUR SMOKY MOUNTAIN CABINS! EMERALD PINES January 1, 2016 /vert-center work-item /span_4 EAGLE’S NEST January 1, 2016 /vert-center work-item /span_4 CARRIE’S CABIN January 1, 2016 /vert-center work-item /span_4 BLUE HEAVEN January 1, 2016 /vert-center work-item /span_4 CREEK HEAVEN January 1, 2016 /vert-center work-item /span_4 JON’S POND January 1, 2016 /vert-center work-item /span_4 AMAZING VIEWS January 1, 2016 /vert-center work-item /span_4 PEACEFUL PINES January 1, 2016 /vert-center work-item /span_4 /carousel /carousel-wrap Our cabins sleep up to 12 people! You provided our family with an amazing opportunity to revisit the area where my dad was born and raised...it will forever be a priceless memory that shall be cherished. I would and our family has been recommending you to everyone since we left. Your staff (Hope) was enchanting and delightful to work with to accommodate our stay. We are appreciative far beyond words and look forward to returning for a longer stay in the future....There are countless amazing treasures in the Cosby, TN region. We pray that you enjoy the pleasures of the community at large including the people....Plan to coordinate going to the whitewater rafting and other area attractions as they are within a short distance of this amazing remotely located cabin area. Hill Nice cabin and location! Hope was much more than accommodating to us. Before our trip we were undecided about which cabin we wanted. We scheduled one and changed our minds then scheduled another. After we arrived on out first day and checked in to our cabin we decided to look at our first choice and loved its location. So Hope was able to place us in that cabin where we spent the rest of our vacation. It was great! Thank you Hope for making our trip great! Wetherington The cabin we had was very clean and well equipped with what we would need to stay comfortably. The location was gorgeous. Loved the creek out back and mountains in the distance. The price was so reasonable. Highly recommend. Brown What a great day I had today with my friends rafting and then ziplining afterward. Everyone should try to fit this in to their Smoky Mountain Vacation! Thank you Rafting in the Smokies for a great experience I won’t soon forget! 🙂 C. Maltese Thank you Elsie for helping me plan our vacation! The adventures that you scheduled for all 10 of us, and two babies was amazing! We enjoyed every minute of it, and Thanks to Scott and Jason who were the guides, provided fun, yet a safe trip for all of us!! The facilities are wonderful and really give that authentic TN feeling… We can’t wait to come back:) S. Cowen We just took our second rafting trip, the river guides were awesome, entertaining and very knowledgeable of the pigeon river and surrounding areas. I would recommend Rafting in the Smokies rafting adventures to all my friends. We took our 8 yr old niece, and our friend from Denmark, both trips were exciting…the upper falls are as good as other white water I have done. GO WHITE WATER RAFTING ….Great times! K. Cosgray Our family had an amazing time rafting last week. Ken is the ultimate river guide. He’s the best! M. Rutzen Giving a shout out to our guide today. WAY TO GO Honeycutt! Glad you made our trip an Adventure as well as a ride. Even with us FLIPPING; was super fun and would do it again. Thanks to Clark also, for pulling my soggy butt out of the water! You guys are GREAT!! Thanks to zipline crews, photo peeps & reservation staff as well. S. McCarter We had a great time! Eric two stars was our guide. We are kinda of a shy family, he was very friendly and made us all smile and feel comfortable it was fun! Would definitely recommend. R. Hood We did the rapids on August 7th, Seth was our guide… Great time, and lots of fun. Would definitely do it again.. Family of 9 in our group and we were all very happy. First time visiting Tennessee and plan to return next summer for a family reunion, I will be reccommending Rafting in the Smokies to the whole family. We can not wait to come back next year. L. Rogers This was by far the most fun experience we had in Gatlinburg. The guides were fun and funny and knowledgeable. The white water was a blast – but not too over exerting for any family members you may have. The company was well organized both in the water and during the ride to the drop off point. Even the safetly talk was entertaining. We all highly recommend this trip! Had we known it was going to be so fun, we might have done this twice while in Gatlinburg. Worth every penny and this was in no way the most expensive thing we did while in Gatlinburg, so WELL worth every penny. R. Grae This was the first experience rafting for my 8 and 12 year old kids. They had a blast. We did the Upper Pigeon Forge which had some Class 3 and 4 rapids. Our guide Jay was wonderful. He was very informative and safety conscious. All the staff at Rafting in the Smokies was friendly and helpful. My family is definitely coming back and would highly recommend this company. L. Arazz We just got back from a whitewater rafting trip. We had so much fun! Tuna was our guide and he was so funny. This company takes safety seriously. I never once felt scared. A lot of companies use the same section of the river and when we passed other rafts, none seemed to be having as much fun as we were. All guides were professional and great. Would definitely use this company again! M.K. My husband and I went on a raft trip with this company and we had a great time!! The scenery is beautifull, the guides are fun and the class 3 & 4 rapids are ideal for an entire family. Furthermore, this is one of the most exciting and afordable things to do around Gaitlinburg. We highly suggest this trip and we will be back again! B. Saladino We went with a group of 22 and our ages went from 3 to 75 and we did the upper and lower and some in the group did the zip, what a great time and the staff at Rafting in the Smokies is wonderful, I had called and made reservations but had to change some the day we where rafting and they where very helpful and kind. This was my first time rafting and I did the lower and really enjoyed it, so much fun. Our guide Kat had taken some of our group on the upper and they thought so much of her that they requested her for our lower trip which included my 3 yr old great nephew. Would highly recommend them. D.Z. My husband and I just finished a day with Rafting in the Smokies. They are very organized and the guides are so much fun. Our guide Creech gave us an extra thrill. We had a group that liked a little bit more challenge and he gave it to us. If you have a chance check it out. S.M. I Traveled with a group of 20 of my family members and everything from the reservations, to the checkin, to the guides, to the actual rafting was absolutelt awesum!!!(not to mention the incredible photographers, see attached photos) I read reviews on the trip advisor for every trip I take and iI can assure you, this one is a “Not to Miss” rafting experience. We all loved it!!! A.M. How can you go wrong. Tennessee..White water rafting= a totally rewarding and invigorating experience. My fiance and I went rafting last spring and had a blast. The people are professional, nice, and very enthusiastic. My fiance is not a strong swimmer and our raft leader provided support which help ease his nerves. We can’t wait to go back! C. Luca /row /container None of our cabins were affected by the fires in the Gatlinburg area. Call Today To Book 800-423-2030! Footer widget area 1 OUR CABINS 1 Bedroom Cabins 2 Bedroom Cabins 4 Bedroom Cabins /span_3 Footer widget area 2 CONTACT US Wildwood Mountain's Cabins : 800-423-2030 Wildwood Cabin Rentals 4410 Wildwood Drive Cosby, TN 37722 /span_3 Footer widget area 3 DIRECTIONS To Emerald Pines To Eagle's Nest To Carrie's Cabin To Blue Heaven To Creek Heaven To Jon’s Pond To Amazing Views To Peaceful Pines /span_3 Footer widget area 4 MENU BOOK YOUR CABIN VIEW CABINS PACKAGES DIRECTIONS Emerald Pines Eagle’s Nest Carrie’s Cabin Blue Heaven Creek Heaven Jon’s Pond Amazing Views Peaceful Pines AREA INFO /span_3 /row /container /footer-widgets © 2016 - 2017 Wildwood Mountain. All Rights reserved. Web Development by Blue Key Creative /span_5 /span_7 /container /row /footer-outer BOOK YOUR CABIN VIEW CABINS PACKAGES DIRECTIONS Emerald Pines Eagle’s Nest Carrie’s Cabin Blue Heaven Creek Heaven Jon’s Pond Amazing Views Peaceful Pines AREA INFO /ajax-content-wrap 