Wiscasset Woods Lodge – Your Home Base for Midcoast Maine Adventures Skip to content Wiscasset Woods Lodge Your Home Base for Midcoast Maine Adventures Menu Home Free Breakfast Rooms Cottage Rooms Motel Rooms Pet Friendly Rooms Handicap Accessible and Mobility Friendly Rooms Hotel Info History of the Lodge Event Space Our Grounds Map of Wiscasset Woods How to Find Us Our Policies Contact Us Plan Your Trip Discover Wiscasset – Blog Midcoast Maine Attractions Weekends in Wiscasset Midcoast Maine Events – Calendar Wiscasset Area Businesses Parking in Wiscasset – Map Reservations .hero The Perfect Place For Midcoast Maine Adventures Our hotel is locally run and is a guest favorite. Enjoy our famous, free homemade breakfast every morning. Stroll through the woods on our 1/4 mile hiking trail. Enjoy an evening around the campfire. Located at the heart of Midcoast Maine, our hotel is close to lighthouses, beaches, museums, challenge courses, hiking trails and more. Our guide to Midcoast Maine Adventures provides an easy way to plan your travels. The Midcoast is also host to numerous events and celebrations. Check out our Midcoast Maine Events calendar to find out what’s happening during your trip. To find the boutiques, restaurants and parking in Wiscasset check out our Local Merchants page and our Parking in Wiscasset Map. Traveling with pets? We have 7 pet friendly rooms and dogs love our trails. Traveling with kids? Consider one of our family friendly suites. Make us your homebase for all your midcoast Maine adventures. Reserve your Room Today #post-## #primary Free Full Breakfast Our full, homemade breakfast is free with every stay. Enjoy our hot breakfast buffet as you prepare for you Midcoast Maine adventure. .entry-summary #post-## .featured-page Our Rooms Our hotel in Midcoast Maine has 30 cozy rooms. Find the room that’s just right for your Maine adventure. .entry-summary #post-## .featured-page Our Grounds Wiscasset Woods Lodge sits on 8 acres of woodlands. Our property has a hiking trail, fire rings, and outdoor games. .entry-summary #post-## .featured-page .featured-page-wrapper #quaternary What a Jewel… . All the charm & ambiance of a B & B without the antiques and big dollars! Rooms are roomy, tidy, comfortable, the grounds lovely, and the owners and staff make you feel right at home. WARNING: Breakfasts are quite decadent. Ever so glad I found this and easy to give it 5 stars. Walking R #post-## “Labor Day Weekend was a return trip for my wife and I who last visited quite a few years ago. It is a very nice place to stay, as it is pretty central to many activities in the area. Our second stay was as memorable as our first. Quiet, clean, and great service. Especially nice was the addition of a hot breakfast. My wife and I will be back, in fact we are planning on making it a yearly trip.” David #post-## .testimonials Categories Breakfast at Wiscasset Woods (2) Classes (4) Discover Wiscasset (15) Festivals and Celebrations (5) history (4) Kids activities (4) Made in Maine (3) Midcoast Maine Activities (3) Museums (6) Nature (3) Pet Friendly (3) Restaurant (2) Shopping (8) Uncategorized (2) Weekends in Wiscasset (8) Wiscasset (8) #widget-area-2 Follow Us Facebook Twitter Pinterest Instagram You Could Be Here 596 Bath Road (Route 1), Wiscasset, Maine 04578 1-207-882-7137 April 25 - May 23, 6am- 9pm May 24 - Sept 1, 6am - 10pm Sept 2 - Oct 27, 6am - 9pm Late night check is possible, contact us to arrange #widget-area-3 #tertiary .site-info Post to Cancel 