Wroxham & Hoveton, Norfolk Broads Self Catering Holiday Cottages   Home Wroxham & Hoveton Properties Kingfisher Lure Sunset Haven Swan Cottage Brightside Waterside Retreat Rates Kingfisher Lure Sunset Haven Swan Cottage Brightside Waterside Retreat Availability Things to do Links Contact us   Welcome to our Wroxham Cottage website The Norfolk Broads has so much to offer and our self-catering cottages are an ideal base to explore the Norfolk Broads, Norfolk and Suffolk.  Holidaying with family or friends, we have places that are next door to each other to allow bigger groups to holiday together. A fantastic location on the water front and based in Wroxham / Hoveton, the heart of the Norfolk Broads. The Broads has so much to offer– rent a motor launch for a day, sailing, rowing using a dinghy we supply, fishing, great wildlife, many nature reserves for observing the unique wetland wildlife and exploring the many special places to see in East Anglia.   Within walking distance you have great shops, a choice of pubs and restaurants.  Travel a bit further and you have Castles, theme parks, Great Yarmouth with its many attractions. Checkout our “ Things to do page ”.   For those not familiar with the Norfolk and the Norfolk Boards, Norfolk is in the East of England (UK), also known as East Anglia.   We have 5 fantastic properties available for groups of 4 to 11 people   All are on the river and come with a rowing dinghy and are conveniently located for shops (less than 5 minutes walk), pubs, restaurants and exploring Norfolk.       Kingfisher Lure – 2 bedrooms, sleeps New - Watch video of Kingfisher Lure                                         Decorated and improve Spring 2017 Comfortable property, situated on the riverside, with a private mooring ideal for fishing. Ducks and Swans swim by regularly. Always popular with guests returning year after year. Holidaying with family or friends?  Next door property ( Sunset Haven ) is also one of ours!   Sunset Haven – 3 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, sleeps 5 Watch video of Sunset Haven                            Both bathrooms modernised and decorated 2016 Just off the main River Bure, this modern, comfortably furnished home makes a perfect year round retreat and is ideal for fishing. Always popular with guests returning year after year. Holidaying with family or friends?  Next door property ( Kingfisher Lure ) is also one of ours!   Swan Cottage – 3 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, sleeps 6 Watch video of Swan Cottage In a quiet backwater just off the main River Bure, this modern, comfortably furnished home makes a perfect year round retreat and is ideal for fishing. Swan Cottage has proved to be a popular cottage and has received loads of favourable comments. Holidaying with family or friends?  3 doors away are Kingfisher Lure & Sunset Haven , also ours.   Brightside – 4 bedrooms, 3 bath/shower rooms, sleeps 8 Watch video of Brightside                                                               New high end cottage rebuild 2016 A detached waterside property just off the River Bure, this high end comfortably furnished home makes a perfect year round retreat offering all home comforts.  Garden and private mooring, ideal for fishing. Regularly receives comments like: "Lovely cottage, fantastic location, very clean and well equiped"   Waterside Retreat – 5 bedrooms, 3 bathrooms, sleeps 11          New - Watch video of Waterside Retreat              Decorated and major improvements Spring 2017 Large lounge and kitchen If you are looking for that touch of class then this is the place to stay. "This house is just like the Dr Whos Tardis, it really does feel larger on the inside. Popular for gatherings of family or friends and for special birthdays weekends." Ideal for large family groups or 2 families to holiday together. The area of Wroxham is actually made up of two villages - Wroxham and Hoveton, split by a low bridge that spans the River Bure. Wroxham is often referred to as the 'Capital of the Norfolk Broads' and is an ideal location to stay at for a variety of reasons: There are plenty of places to eat and drink locally! Wroxham boasts Roys store which claims to the “largest village store in the Country”.  Here you will find all your grocery needs with many products being sourced locally as well as a large department store – plenty of retail opportunities to indulge in and only a 5 minute walk Within a 15 minute drive you could be at one of the glorious sandy Norfolk beaches or if city life is more your thing, then you could be in historic Norwich with a wealth of shopping opportunities and tourist attractions. The Broads is well known for its’ fishing activity – you should expect to find perch, pike, bream, rudd, eel and tench in the waters here.  Fishing (subject to season and licence) can be enjoyed from the decking at all our properties. We would obviously be remiss if we didn’t mention the joy of just being out on the water.  Within a couple of minutes walk from each property, it is easy to hire a boat by the hour, half day, day or longer. If you fancy a boat trip but without you being the Captain, there are a number of organised boat trips which leave from the centre of Wroxham or from nearby Horning Hopefully, this just gives you a taste of what is available in the local area – full details of all of these, and more, can be found under the “things to do”   tab on the website.   Who are we   We are a family run business who enjoyed holidays on the Norfolk Broads so much during our childhood that now we have children we have introduced our children and their friends to the fun of the Norfolk Broads and exploring the many special places to see in East Anglia. We have decided to make our homes available for self catering holidays so that we can share our love of the Norfolk Broads with you.   This has proved so popular that we now have a number of properties which we have tried to make a “home from home” and we offer a variety of short and full week breaks. We hope you enjoy our places as much as we do and we look forward to welcoming you to one of them soon. Look at the comments from others who have stayed. Each place has its own comments page, for instance Sunset Haven comments .   Note: This website presents our 5 properties previously on wroxhamcottage.co.uk and hovetoncottage.co.uk.     <td class="greyline">&nbsp;</td> SPECIAL OFFERS ?echo $intro;? Click on the cottage names below to see special offers available.   Booking for 2019 & 2020     . Click the cottage name below.   Day Boats - Special Rates. We have negotiated special rates for day boat hire. (Off peak only) Contact us to find out more   Kingfisher Lure Click here for availability   Short-breaks Available 19th August (4 nights)  £691 30th August (3 nights)  £525   7 night holiday starting 9th August £900 16th August  £900 Short-breaks also available please ask Sunset Haven Click here for availability   Short-breaks Available 8th July (4 nights)  now only   £559 12th July (3 nights)  now only   £489 22nd July (2 nights)  now only   £299 29th July (4 nights)  now only   £599 7 night holiday starting 8th July now only   £699 23rd August £969 30th August  £795   Short-breaks also available please ask Swan Cottage Click here for availability   Short-breaks Available 19th July (3 nights) now only   £599 19th August (4 nights)  £809 26th August (4 nights)  £809   7 night holiday starting 5th July  now only   £599 12th July  now only   £799 30th August £845   Short-breaks also available please ask   Brightside Click here for availability   Short-breaks Available 12th July (3 nights)  now only   £799 5th August (4 nights)  now only   £1,199   7 night holiday starting Check calendar    Short-breaks also available please ask Waterside Retreat Click here for availability   Short-breaks Available 15-18th July (4 nights) now only   £795   7 night holiday starting   Check Calendar Short-breaks also available please ask   INFORMATION ***FREE Internet*** Now available in all our holiday homes.   The Norfolk Broads are a great place for fishing (closed season 15th March to 15th June) and wildlife watching.   Events in Norfolk: - Greyhound Racing every Monday, Wednesday, Saturday     Site Map Terms & Conditions Links Contact us Copyright © wroxhamcottage.co.uk   |   Another Website from Indigo 21 Start of Google Analytics End of Google Analytics Start of StatCounter Code for Joomla End of StatCounter Code for Joomla 