Finger Lakes Bed and Breakfast & Event Venue | Canandaigua, NY | Acorn Inn B&B <div class="topSide"> </div> Inn The Inn & Grounds Breakfast & Recipes Inn History News, Reviews & More! Our Blog Rooms Packages Event Venue Location Visiting the Area Attractions List & Links Directions Reservations Gift Certificates FAQ/Policies Availability Menu info@acorninnbb.com (585) 229-2834 Search Inn The Inn & Grounds Breakfast & Recipes Inn History News, Reviews & More! Our Blog Rooms Packages Event Venue Location Visiting the Area Attractions List & Links Directions Reservations Gift Certificates FAQ/Policies Availability Menu Welcome to 1795 Acorn Inn Simple Elegance Meets Contemporary Comforts Located in the Finger Lakes Region of NY Encounter Relaxation and Romance Indulge in Full Country Breakfasts Celebrate with Friends & Family Join Us for Your Next NY Getaway The 1795 Acorn Inn A Finger Lakes Bed and Breakfast - the only New York B&B to receive the prestigious AAA Four-Diamond Award for 22 consecutive years. The 1795 Acorn Inn is located in the picturesque Bristol Valley. Just a few miles from Canandaigua Lake. This premier Finger Lakes Bed and Breakfast offers the serenity of the country. Fabulous restaurants and exciting attractions are located nearby. Thoroughly renovated and beautifully appointed with antiques and fine furnishings. Our Finger Lakes Inn offers the simple elegance of the past seamlessly integrated with modern comfort and luxury. And, a host of amenities appreciated by today’s savvy traveler. Relax in the luxurious Gathering Room. Or retreat to the seclusion your guest room. Unwind before a cozy fire. Enjoy a soak in the outdoor hot tub. Or, wander the multi-terraced gardens. Wherever your adventure takes you in New York’s stunning Finger Lakes, come home to the 1795 Acorn Inn. Enjoy a truly calming, contented escape. Hot tub, hammock, gardens, cozy fires and gourmet food. Inn Amenities 5 luxurious guest rooms with private baths and fireplaces. Guest Rooms Seasonal special offerings and add-ons to your stay. Packages Experience our Finger Lakes Bed and Breakfast In the main Inn, our guests have the option of four luxuriously appointed guest rooms. All with private baths. In addition, a spacious suite located in our 100 year old barn delivers complete solitude. Newly remodeled with total comfort in mind, all of our accommodations provide the ultimate Finger Lakes Bed and Breakfast retreat. We invite all guests to join us at 9:00 am for a full, gourmet breakfast. Additionally, complimentary beverages, ice and snacks are available at all times. And, for those that simply must stay connected, wireless high-speed internet is available throughout the Inn. While the 1795 Acorn Inn is located on less than 1/2 an acre we have plenty of peaceful garden space. Why Choose a Bed and Breakfast over a Hotel? Learn more about the value of a B&B stay. 1795 Acorn Inn 4508 State Route 64 Canandaigua, New York 14424 info@acorninnbb.com phone: (585) 229-2834 toll free: (866) 665-3747 Local Visibility System, LLC 4508 State Route 64 Canandaigua , New York 14424 info@acorninnbb.com (585) 229-2834 Recent Posts from Our Blog Canandaigua Restaurants 2019 Finger Lakes Fireworks Day Trip to Niagra Falls Sitemap | Log in | Website by InsideOut Solutions » FREE WEEKNIGHT With the purchase of two weeknights get the third weeknight free. Now through June 28, 2019. Only available if booked directly through our site! May and June are great months to visit. 