Africa Safaris: Tembe Elephant National Park and Safari Lodge Africa Safaris :  Tembe Elephant National Park and Safari Lodge <a href="http://www.wildlife-adventures.co.za" target="new">Unique African Wildlife Adventure</a><br> Join rangers capturing and relocating lions. Restricted to six people. Act now!   Situated in Maputaland,   the north -eastern region of KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa, adjoining the Mozambique border, Tembe Elephant National Park is home to over 150 African elephants and a rich diversity of wildlife - including the black rhino, white rhino, buffalo, hippo, leopard and various antelope species (four of the Big Five).  This untamed African Game Reserve in the Kingdom of the Zulu offers excellent birding with more than 340 bird species recorded in the park ( see our bird list ).  For a map on this region click here Home - about Tembe Elephant Park and Safari Lodge Direct Booking with the camp organizers Accommodation is limited, so book early to avoid disappointment. General Enquiries for questions not yet covered in this website Travel Agents enquiries Rates -   Standard tariffs 2002 - 2004 Special Rates - for off-season and honeymoon couples How to get there   Transfers, car hire and road map Conference Facilities - modern, fully equipped for up to 20 delegates Malaria precautions - not applicable, insect repellent recommended   Subscribe to Tembe News Stand in line to win fabulous prizes of free accommodation by joining  "The Friends of the Tembe Elephants Club"! You will also get a regular email newsletter about latest specials at the lodge, exciting new bird and game sightings, and what’s happening in general at the Tembe Elephant National Park! Your email address   Visit Tembe for an exclusive African bush experience !   What a privilege to introduce to you the Tembe Elephant National Park - a largely undiscovered African wonderland! Tembe is a fully-stocked Game Park which is rumoured to be one of the wildest reserves left in South Africa with the least human influence. Experience the majesty of the largest and only indigenous African elephant herd (more than 150 elephants!) in KwaZulu- Natal, South Africa - and so much more.... Tembe offers the best of both worlds... the magnificence of a national game park (managed by a provincial government body known as the KwaZulu-Natal Nature Conservation Service), with the personal touch and top-class service of a private, luxury lodge - the Tembe Safari Lodge This luxurious safari lodge consists of luxury en-suite tented accommodation. A thatch-sheltered splash pool, and open barbeque are complete the picture. Enjoy tasty meals under the stars - and the dancing flames of the camp fire in the African bush. African cultural experiences such as Zulu / Tonga dancing can be enjoyed at the lodge.  Visitors can also visit the local Sangoma (Witch Doctor) for ancient herbal remedies or to have their fortunes predicted in the throwing of the bones....... Modern conference facilities are available for meetings, conferences and team building. Tariff includes all (4) meals per day , coffee bar, and 3 guided game drives on open safari vehicles by expert field guides. Tembe Safaris can arrange return road/air transfers from Durban International Airport / Durban-based hotels to Tembe Elephant National Park for overseas visitors. Tembe has an on-site air strip for fly-in safaris. TEMBE GUESTBOOK Read what previous visitors to Tembe had to say   Tembe News Read about the latest news from the Tembe Elephant Park.   South Africa Travel Make plans for your holiday of a lifetime - For all your booking requirements   Tembe National Park Here roam the biggest of all African elephants   Elephant-Pictures.net A site solely dedicated to photographs of Elephants.   - Live Elephant WebCam - click here Start of TheCounter.com Code End of TheCounter.com Code   Thank you for your visit. See your on safari! Read what previous visitors to Tembe had to say visit the TEMBE GUESTBOOK   Attractions at  Tembe Elephant Park Interesting aspects of the area by Regional ecologist Wayne Matthews Studies of the African Elephants Fascinating facts about Elephants  History Dingane's Grave  - a brief account of major events leading to the death of King Dingane of the Zulus - by Dr Alex Coutts. Maputaland- Border Cave Cultural experience Safari-Excursions & Guided tours Suggested Tours & itineraries Picture Gallery Bird Safaris Guest Book Comments from journalists View our exciting picture gallery of 52 high quality safari photos of African elephants, hippos, suni, nyalas, antelopes, warthogs and other African wildlife ------- southafricatravel link starts ----- Plan a great holiday or weekend South Africa Travel For all your booking requirements.   ------- southafricatravel link ends ----- Tembe Elephant Park & Lodge photos © Wayne Matthews Tel  +27-31-267 0144 Fax +27-31-266 8718    P.O. Box 438 Westville 3630 South Africa e-mail:   info@tembe.co.za Copyright: Tembe Elephant National Park and Lodge , 2000.  All rights reserved. activeDesign© Africa Safaris, African elephants, South Africa, Mozambique, elephant trunk, elephant tusks, game lodge, Africa Safaris, game lodges, African animals, Zulu dancing, accommodation, National Game Park, birding, birds, hippos, leopard, buffalo, rhinos, white rhino, black rhino, antelopes, wildlife, elephant trunk, elephant tusks, animal migration, Mocambique, Africa Safaris, conference facilities, activeDesign, Durban Mozambique, eco-tourism, scuba diving, rhinos, eco-tourism, white rhino, holiday, vacation, boating, fishing, snorkeling, witch doctors, African culture. black rhino, Africa Safaris, African elephants, Durban, South Africa, elephant trunk, elephant tusks, game lodge, game lodges, African animals, African elephants, Zulu dancing, African elephants, accommodation, National Game Park, birding, birds, hippos, leopard, buffalo, rhinos, Durban, white rhino, black rhino, game lodges, antelopes, wildlife, animal migration, conference facilities, game lodges, scuba diving, holiday, boating, fishing, vacation eco-tourism, holiday, vacation, boating, fishing, snorkeling, witch doctors, African culture. Africa Safaris: Tembe Elephant National Park and Safari Lodge 