Airways Hotel Victoria, London | Official Website Call us: +44 20 7834 0205 Book Online Home go Back Rooms Single Room Double Room Twin Room Triple Room Quad Room Day Use Room Facilities Gallery Location Attractions Book Now Contact Us Account Search Table Arrival: Departure: Check Availability Header Carousel Indicators Wrapper for slides Controls header Page Content Page Content Free Breakfast Booking On This Site Welcome to The Airways Hotel The Most Recommended Hotel in Central London Looking for quality budget hotels in London near Hyde Park ? The Airways Hotel, a cheap hotel in Central London, may be the answer to your search. We are a family run budget hotels in Central London offering affordable accommodation with quality service. En suite rooms in this budget hotel are clean and comfortably furnished, and our staff are well trained to ensure they can help you with whatever you may need and are eager to help. Although we are a low priced B&B Hotel still we have not compromised our quality of service. BOOK NOW Use promo code AH10 to get 10% off Our rooms have: Complimentary “Cole & Lewis of London” toiletries World renowned “Hypnos” beds in every room 15-22” Flat screen Digital TV Telephone Hairdryer Hospitality Tray with tea and coffee Complimentary Continental breakfast Free Wi-Fi 24 hours Reception We are one of the most conveniently located Central London hotels. The bed and breakfast hotel in Central London is 7-10 minutes’ walk from Victoria Station, which has links by Underground, Bus, Train and Coach to all parts of London, including tourist sites, and places as far as mainland Europe. Buckingham Palace, Big Ben, London Eye and Harrods are all within 20-30 minutes walk of the Hotel and if you use public transport you are within 40 minutes of all of London’s tourist attractions, including Tower of London, and airports (Heathrow, Gatwick and Luton). The Airways Hotel is the answer for tourist and business travellers looking for a cheap hotel in central London in a quiet and safe residential setting. We are one of the leading bed and breakfast hotels in London. Carousel indicators Wrapper for carousel items Search Availability Search Availability Search Availability Search Availability Search Availability Carousel controls Single Room 1 Single Bed Carousel indicators Wrapper for carousel items Search Availability Search Availability Search Availability Search Availability Search Availability Carousel controls Double Room 1 Double Bed Carousel indicators Wrapper for carousel items Search Availability Search Availability Search Availability Search Availability Carousel controls Twin Room 2 Single Beds Carousel indicators Wrapper for carousel items Search Availability Search Availability Search Availability Search Availability Carousel controls Triple Room 1 Double Bed & 1 Single Bed Carousel indicators Wrapper for carousel items Search Availability Search Availability Search Availability Carousel controls Quad Room 2 Double Beds or 1 Double and 2 Single Beds Carousel indicators Wrapper for carousel items Search Availability Search Availability Search Availability Search Availability Carousel controls Day Use Room 1 Double Bed Our standards Comfortable Hypnos bed Free Wifi Individual controlled Air condition Rain dance shower What our Clients say about us Even though the hotel, like many others in central London, is old, we found the standard of cleanliness to be of the highest standard. It was refereshing to be welcomed in such a friendly manner-we appreciated it. Derek & Terry McCann Your place was spotless.I really appreciated the level of cleanliness.You made us feel at home. Thanks Ann Faulkner A very reasonable cost and very presentable. I have forgotten the room number, but it was very clean and everyone was wonderful. Thank you for making our night in London comforable. Pamela Jay The people on reception were extremely nice and helpful. Thank you. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay and will consider staying with you again on our next visit to London Brian Furlong Staying in your hotel was very good and all of 14 members of my group was very satisfied. Franco Pahor //header footer Get In Touch The Airways Hotel London Victoria 29 St. George's Drive , Victoria , London , SW1V 4DG T: + +44 20 7834 0205 F: + + 44 20 7932 0007 E: [email protected] Find Us On GTranslate: http://gtranslate.net/ Copyright 2019 The Airways Hotel London Victoria | Home | Rooms | Booking [social-icons] Additional eCommerce tracking code //footer Scroll to top of the page Top 