Armen Tour Leading Tour Agency in Armenia - Armen Tour top navigation + (374 10) 53 22 00 | armentour@armentour.am top navigation wrapper Get Logo Navigation — Main Menu — Home About Us - About Company Travel Info - Map - History of Armenia Tours - Short Break - Classical Tour - Silk Road Program - Armenia – Nagorno Karabagh - Armenia – Georgia - Trekking Program - Birdwatching Tour - Musical Tour - INCENTIVES/MICE Popular Sites Armenia and Georgia Contact Home About Us About Company Travel Info Map History of Armenia Tours Short Break Classical Tour Silk Road Program Armenia – Nagorno Karabagh Armenia – Georgia Trekking Program Birdwatching Tour Musical Tour INCENTIVES/MICE Popular Sites Armenia and Georgia Contact header container header area header wrapper Welcome to Armen Tour! Leading Travel Agency in Armenia More header outer wrapper Discover Armenia with Armentour! View All Destinations Learn More Classical Tour Learn More Short Break Learn More Pilgrimage tour Learn More Food and Wine Tour Learn More Silk Road program Learn More Botany Tour Learn More Armenia/Nagorno Karabagh Tour Learn More Musical Tour Learn More Birdwatching Tour Learn More Armenia – Georgia Tour Learn More Trekking Program Learn More Camping – Trekking program Learn More Cycling Tour Learn More Ski Tour Discover Armenia with Armen Tour. No area on the globe is so fascinating for today’s scholars as the Near East: fascinating because it was the cradle of some of the oldest civilizations, many of which are not more than just names to us now. Many nations and kingdoms rose and fell through centuries of struggle. Throughout this the most persistent and long-living nation among them has been the Armenian. Stone Age remnants found in Armenia prove that the country has been inhabited long before human records. Noah’s Ark came to rest as the Flood subsided from the Great Peak known as Mount Ararat. Armenian tradition has preserved several legends concerning the origin of the Armenian nation. The most important one of them tells about Hayk, the eponymous hero of the Armenians who called themselves Hay and their country Hayastan. The neighboring  nations called the people Armens or Armenians. Being one of the most ancient countries in the world along with Assyria, Babylon and Persia, it is also one of the oldest countries of human civilization. More than 15.000 historical monuments the oldest of which is 6000 years old prove the significance of Armenia as such. Armen Tour is pleased to offer wide range of hotels in Armenia and Nagorno Karabakh, which satisfy every budget and taste. We receive tourists from over 20 countries of the world and cooperate with serious tour companies in Europe, Japan, Canada, USA, China, South America and Australia. Armen Tour offer the following tours: Cultural programs – Trekking/Hiking tours – Pilgrimage tours – Incentive programs – Musical tours – Birdwatching tours – Combined tours(Armenia /Georgia-Armenia) – Hotels and transfers – Organization of cultural events, concerts, performances, wine and brandy tasting tours. Who We Are? Armen Tour is a full-service and privately owned travel company based in Armenia, Yerevan. Dedicated to providing corporate, leisure and meeting management and transportation services. Armen Tour was established in 1992 by founder and owner Armen Gyozalyan. ARMEN TOUR Travel Agency involved not only with incoming and outgoing tourism, but also with air transportation sales both in our region and outside. It should be noted that our travel agency being an IATA Accredited Travel Agent sells product of such airlines as Austrian Airlines, British Airways, Czech Airlines, Aeroflot, Air Baltic, Air Arabia, Siberian Airlines- ArmAvia, Air France, KLM, Caspian Airlines, Syrian Airlines and others. Featured Video Travel to Armenia Discover Armenia with www.armeniatour.com gdl page item page wrapper post class page-full-wrapper content outer wrapper Get Footer Widget Our Social Links Our Contacts Please contact us at the following. Address: 24, Mashtots Ave., Yerevan 0002, Republic of Armenia Tel: +(374 10) 53 22 00, 53 49 15, 53 21 90 Fax:+(374 10) 53 44 04 Email: armentour@armentour.am, info@armentour.am Website: www.armeniatour.com close row Get Copyright Text footer wrapper body wrapper body outer wrapper 