Planet Action Adventure 20 Years Adventure Pioneer on Cebu - Planet Action Adventure Tour Services Moalboal Cebu Philippines Skip to content Planet Action Adventure Tour Services Moalboal Cebu Philippines Planet Action Adventure, the first organizer of adventure tours, travel and holidays in the Cebu and Nergos Island Philippines, specialised in canyoning or canyoneering, trekking, mountain biking, adventure travel, vacation, holiday, adventure, sport, tours .site-branding-text .wrap .site-branding Menu Home Activities Canyoning Canyoneering Kawasan Falls Canyoning Montaneza Falls Canyoning Tison Falls Book a canyon tour Electric Fat bike Tours Trekking Climb the Osmeña Peak Twin Lakes – adventure Mt. Kanlaon – adventure Book a trekking Tour Scuba diving & Snorkeling Scuba diving Snorkeling and Island Hopping Whale Sharks in Oslob Cebu Mactan and Cebu City Adventure Tour Services Packages 2N/3D Best Of Cebu 4N/5D Best Of Cebu 6N/7D Cebu Adventure Total Book an adventure holiday package Accommodation Tipolo Beach Resort Solar Lodge Bamboo Inn – Garden Resort Restaurants & Nightlife General Infos About Us Contact Us #site-navigation .wrap #masthead .panel-image Planet Action Adventure 20 Years Adventure Pioneer on Cebu .entry-header Planet Action Adventure Tour Services specializes in organizing high-quality adventure tours in Cebu and Negros Island. Based in Moalboal on Cebu Island we offer outdoor tours for everyone who like to experience challenging, fun and safe adventure.   .entry-content .wrap .panel-content #post-4 .panel-image Our Canyoneering and Canyoning tours on Cebu Island .entry-header We are offering different canyoning tours close to Moalboal in the south Cebu Island. Most popular is the Canyoning at Kawasan, Montaneza tour is most complete and Tison falls the most challenging. Canyoneering at Kawasan Falls and Badian Jump off countless waterfall Tree swing at Kawasan Fall Swim along the beautiful canyon The most popular adventure tour in Cebu Island , get more info and book online Canyoning tour at Montaneza falls on South Cebu Zip line trough the fall at Montaneza Jumps from 8-10 meters high 5 sets of waterfall need to be mastered The most complete canyoning tour in Cebu Island , get more info and book online Canyoning tour at Tison falls Jump of up ten meters high fall Abseil down up to 30m high falls Explore the unknown of Cebu The most challenging adventure tour in Cebu Island , get more info and book online .entry-content .wrap .panel-content #post-935 .panel-image Other popular Adventure tours on Cebu .entry-header These Adventure tours are off the beaten track, where you can experience great nature, stunning views and meet friendly locals along the way – located in Moalboal and Badian in Cebu Island. Osmeña Peak – Trekking  to the highest point on Cebu Osmeña Peak – on top of Cebu Island On the way to Osmeña Peak View from Osmeña Peak Cebu Hiking to Osmeña Peak the hard way – or r real hikers, get more info and book online Electric Fat Bike tours in Moalboal Mountains Electric Mountain bike tours in Moalboal Cebu Our E-Fat Bike has 4 in wide wheels Explore Moalboal Mountains by E-Fatbike Guided Electric Mountain bike tours in Moalboal, get more info and book online .entry-content .wrap .panel-content #post-967 .panel-image Adventure Holiday Package and Special Offers in Moalboal Cebu .entry-header Based in Moalboal, on Cebu Island, we propose adventure holiday packages. These packages include comfortable accommodation at our own Tipolo Beach Resort or our new budget accommodation at Solar Lodge and a selection of our most popular day adventure tours. Besides our regular packages, you can easily create your own. All our adventure tours can be included, as well as diving and snorkeling, or just some relaxing days.  Contact us for your custom made adventure vacation. Don’t forget to take a look at our special offer the whole year around. Our most popular adventure holiday packages on Cebu Island staying at Tipolo Berach resort: 2N3D Best of Cebu 4N5D Best of Cebu 6N7D Cebu Extreme .entry-content .wrap .panel-content #post-51 .panel-image Tipolo Beach Resort – the adventure beach resort in Moalboal .entry-header This beautiful garden resort offers comfortable and cozy accommodation on the sea in Moalboal. Tipolo Beach resort belongs to the Planet Action Adventure Company. To check availability and book online , you can visit the website of Tipolo Beach resort with more pictures and information: www.tipoloresort.com . Beach Bar Beach front of Tipolo Beach resort Planet Action Office Last Filling Station Restaurant Relax after exciting adventure Sunset at Tipolo Beach Resort View into the Tipolo Resort garden Every room has a veranda Rooms With only ten rooms the Tipolo Adventure Beach Resort has a very relaxed and friendly atmosphere. You can choose a twin or double accommodation. All Seaside rooms have a balcony with sea view and are equipped with air condition, ceiling fan, hot shower, room safe and mini bar. Our new Villa rooms are at the back of the resort and have Cable  V, silent air-conditioning, room safe and hot shower. The resort area and most rooms are in a “hot spot” and you can receive free wireless internet. For bookings, you can contact us per mail or online with instant booking confirmation . .entry-content .wrap .panel-content #post-907 #main #primary #content Here you can find us: Address: Tipolo Beach Resort Panagsama Beach 6032 Moalboal Cebu Philippines T.+63 917 583 00 62 planet@action-philippines.com GOOGLE MAPS Open daily: 8.00 – 22.00   Search for: Search © 2019 Planet Action Adventure. All rights reserved. No part of this site may be reproduced without our written permission. .widget-area .social-navigation Proudly powered by WordPress .site-info .wrap #colophon .site-content-contain #page 