Stay in Dunedin at the Arcadian Motel begin header Arcadian Motel | discount accommodation, quality lodgings, friendly people in Dunedin Arcadian Motel | good room rates, Dunedin Otago. Cheap prices, Free Wifi Arcadian Motel | book now at the Arcadian Motel! budget room rates, good pricing begin #caption-container-centered begin .sixteen.columns begin #caption end #caption end .sixteen-columns end .container begin #logo-nav-container-centered begin #logo end #logo begin nav Home Rooms Bedsit Units Studio Unit One Bedroom Two Bedroom Three Bedroom Hot Deals Book Now Dunedin Contact us end nav end #logo-nav-container-centered end header begin #main-container begin .container begin .sixteen.colums begin content Arcadian Motel Dunedin Affordable Accommodation, Independent Dunedin motel, with comfort and convenience for couples families and groups. Nestled in the pleasant Musselburgh suburb of Dunedin , the spacious Arcadian Motel offers a versatile range of accommodation options close to the CBD of Dunedin. Whether your stay requires a room for one, a family, or space to house a school group or sports team, the Arcadian Motel fits the bill. Book a room online or contact us to discuss your individual requirements. Our accommodation comprises of bedsits, studios, and one, two and three-bedroom units. The Arcadian Motel can cater from single guests, up to seven people in a unit. This provides plenty of flexibility, especially for group bookings on a budget wishing to stay in Dunedin. Motel hosts Peter and Lauren Uitermark are renowned for making guests feel at home during their stay whether you are a tourist, family, group or sports team on a budget. They even cater for the four-legged variety of guest for those travelling with pets (by arrangement). They’re also happy to negotiate special rates for long-term stays, corporate and group bookings wishing to make the most of their stay in Dunedin. Why Stay at the Arcadian? The motel is popular with groups staying in Dunedin for sporting and cultural events, conferences, family reunions and weddings. It is located close to venues such as the Edgar Centre, Glenfalloch, the Dunedin Ice Stadium, Chisholm Park Golf Club, Westpac Bowls Stadium and Forbury Park Function Centre. It is also only six minutes from the CBD and the Dunedin Town Hall, Regent Theatre, Dunedin Public Art Gallery, Chinese Garden and Otago Settlers Museum. Nearby conveniences for your break away from home include a takeaway, dairy, chemist, postal agency, florist, hairdressers, bar and restaurant, and two supermarkets within two minutes’ drive. All rooms have Sky TV and complimentary high speed WiFi internet . There are full kitchen facilities in all rooms except the bedsit accommodation. Click the Review icons below to see why guests enjoy staying at the Arcadian Motel. For friendly, convenient and spacious accommodation, call Peter and Lauren to book a room for your next stay in Dunedin. Phone: (03) 455 0992 FreePhone: 0508 272 234 International: +64 3 455 0992 Fax: +64 3 455 0237 Email: stay@arcadianmotel.co.nz   BOOK NOW   end content end .sixteen.columns end .container end #main-container begin footer below #main-container begin #footer-content begin .four.columns end .four.columns begin .four.columns end .four.columns begin .four.columns end .four.columns begin .four.columns end .four.columns © Copyright 2013 Arcadian Motel - Website by Myth end #footer-content end footer below #main-container 