The Arbor at Lake Lure Welcome Cabins & Cottage Hickory Cabin Magnolia Cabin Tall Oaks Cabin Hemlock Cottage Gallery Rates and Reservations Book Now Book Now! FAQ Testimonials Read Me! Terms & Conditions Your Hosts Contact Specials & Extras Specials and Promotions Honeymoon Packages Extras Visitors Guide Where to Go & What to Do Visitors Guide About Lake Lure Chimney Rock State Park Area Events Local Markets Welcome Cabins & Cottage Hickory Cabin Magnolia Cabin Tall Oaks Cabin Hemlock Cottage Gallery Rates and Reservations Book Now Book Now! FAQ Testimonials Read Me! Terms & Conditions Your Hosts Contact Specials & Extras Specials and Promotions Honeymoon Packages Extras Visitors Guide Where to Go & What to Do Visitors Guide About Lake Lure Chimney Rock State Park Area Events Local Markets Menu The Arbor at Lake Lure Escape from the Everyday Welcome CATEGORY NAV In summer, the song sings itself. —William Carlos Williams "THE LATEST AND GREATEST" Summer is officially here! With sunny days and warm nights, you can take full advantage of all the natural & man-made attractions of the Hickory Nut Gorge. The beach is open, restaurants and shops have extended hours, and you have lots of daylight for your exploration of the area. Upcoming Weekend Vacancies July 26-27 : Hickory Cabin Friday only August 2-3 : Hemlock Cottage, Hickory and Magnolia Cabins August 9-10 : Hemlock Cottage, Hickory and Tall Oaks Cabins Upcoming Single-Night Stay Opportunities (Please note, none of the below is pet friendly…Your furbaby will have to stay at home this time!) Friday, July 26, Hickory Saturday, August 17, Tall Oaks Friday, September 6, Hickory Saturday, September 14, Hickory Saturday, October 26, Hickory ADULTS-ONLY PROPERTY RATES AND AVAILABILITY E-MAIL info@arborlakelure.com PHONE 828.625.1171 Experience the natural wonders of Lake Lure and the Hickory Nut Gorge while enjoying the creature comforts and charming atmosphere of our cozy log cabins and cottage. Sumptuous king-size beds Private decks with romantic hot tubs for two Full kitchens stocked with homemade breakfast goodies Gas log fireplaces Air conditioning and ceiling fans Wi-Fi Flat-screen TVs with cable, Roku and DVD player Outdoor pavilion with gas grill Pet-friendly cabins available 1/4 mile to the Lake Lure Beach and Marina 5 minutes to Chimney Rock Village and State Park Come relax in the fresh mountain air and explore the best of Western North Carolina. The Arbor Cabins at Lake Lure offers ultra-private retreats with professional hospitality! ALL ABOUT THE ARBOR Located just around the corner from the Lake Lure Beach and Marina and a short drive from Chimney Rock State Park, The Arbor Cabins have been one of Lake Lure's top lodging choices since 2001.  The Arbor is conveniently located, yet private.  Each cabin and the cottage has its own personality and all are mountain getaway gems providing first-class accommodations for two. You'll feel our genuine hospitality from booking through departure, with personalized attention from dedicated owner-operators who are never more than a call, text or doorbell ring away. Come enjoy your own private deck with a sparkling-clean hot tub for two, comfortable king-size bed with all-cotton linens and plenty of pillows, inviting gas log fireplace, Wi-Fi, Netflix and so much more.  Feel free to sleep in, as your cabin is stocked with breakfast treats (featuring homemade baked goods, local eggs and fresh seasonal fruit) to start the day at your own pace.  The property is nestled under a beautiful tree canopy and provides ample seating areas to appreciate the natural surroundings and--if you're lucky--wildlife including our adorable flying squirrels, whitetail deer, hummingbirds and chameleons.  The central pavilion provides guests with a large gas grill and outdoor dining area.  All of our lodgings are carefully decorated with antiques, collectibles and regionally hand-crafted furniture. The Arbor Cabins is an ideal choice for honeymoons, anniversaries, birthdays, romantic escapes and relaxation retreats.  Our guests return again and again for the peaceful mountain cabin ambiance and thoughtful amenities that provide a respite from whatever stresses may beset your everyday life. Whether you stay a weekend or a week, you will find yourself charmed by the spirit of this magnificent place. If you can tear yourselves away from the comforts of your cabin, you will discover a wide variety of pleasures and adventures in any season.  From unique local restaurants to gift and antique shops, hiking trails and tours, boat and kayak rentals, seasonal produce and craft stands, winery, brewery, cidery or distillery tastings, zip-line tours, horseback riding and whitewater trips--Lake Lure is the perfect location for an amazing vacation! We are located in the center of it all: 5 minutes to Chimney Rock Village and State Park 25 minutes to Tryon International Equestrian Center 30 minutes to historic Hendersonville 45 minutes to Asheville and the Biltmore Estate 1 hour to Greenville-Spartanburg 1.5 hours to Charlotte Escape from the Everyday VISIT E-MAIL PHONE 2494 Memorial Highway, Lake Lure, NC 28746 info@arborlakelure.com 828.625.1171 RATES AND AVAILABILITY 