Bramblejam | Web Design and Film Making – Fort William Bramblejam end .logo Home About Portfolio Services News Contact end .main-navigation end .twelve columns end .container end .social-icons Web Design Film Making end .uber-statement end #header-global About Bramblejam Bramblejam is a multimedia solutions company. Established in 1999 we  provide professional web design and interactive media services throughout The Highlands of Scotland and beyond. Based in Spean Bridge near Fort William we offer a wide range of web services including:- website design and hosting, content management systems, video production and film making.  end .homepage-section-header end .container end #homepage-about Case Studies We specialise in providing professional solutions on a restricted budget to allow small businesses to challenge their competitors and give them a strong marketing presence. Please note that since we have just relaunched our website we are still in the process of adding back in the various parts of our portfolio so it's all looking a little bit skinny just now but don't worry, it'll be fully furnished very soon! end .homepage-section-header Show all Web Design end .filter end .portfolio-filter end .row Spean Lodge Website developed for Spean Lodge end .project-image end .project-item end .one-third Knoydart House website developed for Knoydart House end .project-image end .project-item end .one-third Crofts Mill Website developed for Crofts Mill end .project-image end .project-item end .one-third end .portfolio-items end .row end .container end #homepage-portfolio Just a short note to thank you for the excellent work in designing our new e-commerce website. The whole look of the site is very eye catching and easy to get around, which is just what we wanted. The orders are now flooding in Roy Lewis, Hebridean Liqueurs I cannot express enough thanks to Kenny and his team for delivering such a professional and visually eye grabbing web site. It's the best investment our company has ever made - new clients, new business and turnover has doubled over the past year. Tim Baker, Trakminer Ltd Bramblejam have been a joy to work with...fantastic website and the bookings have been flooding in! Jackie Robertson, Knoydart House end .quotes end .text-container end .container end .homepage-quotes Services First impressions are important and your business’ visual identity is often the first impression you will give your customers. It’s not your only chance to tell your story though. We have some pretty savvy tools to help you communicate through imagery, graphics and video. All important elements of a marketing toolkit. end .homepage-section-header Photography The photographic images on your website are an amazing opportunity to communicate your brand and your products/services to visitors. Quality/professional photographs are key and we have the skills and equipment to deliver. end .service-item end .one-third Design for print It is important not to forget that print has a big impact on your company’s image. We have experience of designing leaflets, brochures, flyers and postcards, which showcase companies to their full potential. end .service-item end .one-third Website Design Our core business is in the web. We take time to understand our client’s business and deliver engaging and powerful websites that maximise your online presence and give you the edge over your competitors. end .service-item end .one-third Branding A vital element for marketing your business, we can help you put together branding that speaks volumes. Our branding guidelines give you more than just a logo and helps you communicate your business effectively. end .service-item end .one-third Media Production Video is a powerful story telling tool. We work on distilling your brand, product or service into a short and sweet online video. It’s all about giving people quality content that sells your business. end .service-item end .one-third end .service-items end .row end .container end #homepage-services Just a short note to thank you for the excellent work in designing our new e-commerce website. The whole look of the site is very eye catching and easy to get around, which is just what we wanted. The orders are now flooding in Roy Lewis, Hebridean Liqueurs I cannot express enough thanks to Kenny and his team for delivering such a professional and visually eye grabbing web site. It's the best investment our company has ever made - new clients, new business and turnover has doubled over the past year. Tim Baker, Trakminer Ltd Bramblejam have been a joy to work with...fantastic website and the bookings have been flooding in! Jackie Robertson, Knoydart House end .quotes end .text-container end .container end .homepage-quotes news Latest news on upcoming projects and site launches, plus advice and tips. Hopefully this section of the site will be updated regularly but given my track record...who knows! end .homepage-section-header end .news-thumbnail Apr 27 Jotform posted in Uncategorized Bramblejam is a user of Jotform and the interface, service and technical support are great. The Interface is simple and and straightforward: … Read Article end .news-item end .one-third end .news-thumbnail Sep 02 New Bramblejam website posted in General News We are pleased to announce the new “interim” Bramblejam website. It’s been a long time coming but I have finally … Read Article end .news-item end .one-third end .news-thumbnail Aug 31 New Site: Midge Free Zone posted in Design News We are pleased to announce the redevelopment of the Midge Free Zone website – www.midge-free-zone.co.uk Bramblejam had designed and … Read Article end .news-item end .one-third end .row end .homepage-news-items end .container end #homepage-news Scorrybreac, Lodge Gardens, Spean Bridge, PH34 4EN 07771 603755 info@bramblejam.com end .row end .container end #homepage-contact This is where your Google Map will be inserted (Please read the documentation about setting up your Google Map) end main Twitter Facebook Google + Vimeo end .social-links end .social-links-container Bramblejam Back to top end #back-to-top © 2019 Bramblejam . All rights reserved. end .row end .container end #footer-global 