Aaronsburg Inn - An Historic Bed & Breakfast Notice: this property is for sale. Inquiries may be made at aaronsburginn@gmail.com . Home Availability About Us Our Story Local History Attractions Rooms Room #1 Room #2 Room #3 Room #4 Room #5 Room #6 Room #7 Common Areas The Grounds Contact Information Guest Book Built in the Federal style circa 1802, the Aaronsburg Inn, a Central PA area bed and breakfast, was restored to welcome the traveler whose pronounced taste for comfort is matched with their eye for quality. Check Availability Casual Elegance We are tucked away in the village of Aaronsburg, Pennsylvania. Those who stay with us will be able to enjoy a retreat in a charming atmosphere with modern amenities and welcoming hosts. At The Aaronsburg Inn you will find a choice of immaculately prepared, professionally decorated rooms - each with its own private bathroom, soft pressed linens and plush Egyptian cotton towels. For breakfast you will find exceptional fare, delightful presentation and generous portions. Location The Aaronsburg Inn is located on Route 45 (The Purple Heart Highway) in the National Historic District of Aaronsburg. A refreshing alternative to a typical hotel stay, our B & B is conveniently located between Penn State University and Bucknell University. The Centre County Region offers every attraction imaginable, from an abundance of outdoor activities to America's only water cavern. Every season has its charms. There is plenty to do ... or not to do as the mood strikes. Mission Statement The Aaronsburg Inn’s goal is to be certain each guest leaves happy and eager to return. To ensure this, the Innkeepers work tirelessly to provide clean, comfortable, elegant accommodations, fulfill as many special requests as we can and keep you abreast of all that is available to you in the surrounding areas. We expect you to make the Inn your home away from home and enjoy your visit to the center of Pennsylvania. End #wrapper The Aaronsburg Inn is an historic bed & breakfast located at 100 East Aaron Square, Aaronsburg, PA 16820. P:814-349-8626 