The Applewood Manor, Historic Asheville NC Bed and Breakfast Close × Home About the Inn About Applewood Directions to The Inn Meet The Innkeepers Staying With Us A Day at The Inn Amenities Policies Gift Certificates Available Our Food & Gardens Suites & Rates Book Now Cortland Cottage Winesap Suite York Imperial Macintosh Granny Smith Northern Spy Discover Asheville Maps for Asheville outings Discover the Biltmore Estate Downtown Restaurants Biltmore Area Restaurants Breweries Brew Pubs Art Galleries Music Venues Festivals Outdoors Explore the Blue Ridge Parkway West Asheville Restaurants, Bars and Brews Specials & Packages Blog Contact Us Open Menu Home About the Inn About Applewood The Innkeepers Directions to AppleWood Manor Suites & Rates Specials & Packages Granny Smith Suite Macintosh Suite Northern Spy Suite Winesap Suite York Imperial Suite Cortland Cottage – Pet Friendly! Our Food Our Food Philosophy Sample of House Offerings Blog Staying With Us A Day at Applewood Amenities Policies Directions to AppleWood Manor Gift Certificates Available About Asheville Maps for Asheville outings Discover the Biltmore Estate Explore Biltmore Area Restaurants Explore Downtown Restaurants Explore Art Galleries Explore Brew Pubs Explore Breweries Explore Festivals Explore Music Venues Explore Outdoors Contact 828-254-2244 Check Availability Our Food & Gardens Taste the difference… Specials & Packages Make your stay even more memorable… Suites & Rates Find the perfect room for you… Our Guests Say...   The Applewood Manor The Applewood Manor will strive to make your stay an experience of a lifetime. We can’t wait to share our house with you.  AJ, Joshua & Chase are your hosts in this unique turn-of-the-century colonial revival Asheville NC bed and breakfast. Located in the historic Montford District of Asheville,  The AppleWood Manor sits on a knoll surrounded by just over an acre of giant wild cherries, oaks, pines, maples and a variety of flora. Yet, the manor is just 3 miles from the breathtaking Biltmore Estate , a short 10-minute drive to the Blue Ridge Parkway , and is walking distance from downtown Asheville . A 25-minute stroll past magnificent old homes to downtown Asheville is a great way to start your day or end your evening. In a time when so much is overlooked in the hustle-bustle of daily life, we invite you to endulge yourselves with a stay at our lovely Asheville, NC bed and breakfast to discover a personalized pampering experience unlike any other. By paying particular attention to finer details, we take extra pride and care in making your stay relaxing and memorable with a touch of sophistication and elegance that only Asheville and We can offer. Making your stay as affordable and convenient as possible, we offer discount Biltmore Estate tickets and AAA discounts for members. Travelling with your pets? We have pet friendly accommodations in our Cortland Cottage. Call now to plan your special getaway. 800.442.2197.   Don’t worry about finding parking while you’re exploring downtown Asheville … Applewood Manor is only a short walk away! Take advantage of our moderate weather and stroll through the Historic Montford neighborhood directly in to downtown. We are only 1.3 miles away from the center of downtown! Enjoyed your stay at Applewood Manor? Take a moment and share your experience with others! Leave a Review Applewood Manor Bed & Breakfast Joshua Poindexter | AJ Grein | Chase McWhorter 62 Cumberland Circle | Asheville NC 28801 828.254.2244 | Fax: 828.254.0899 innkeeper@applewoodmanor.com Map & Directions Privacy Policy © 2019 Applewood Manor |site design by Sparking Design noptimize /noptimize [if lt IE 9]><link rel="stylesheet" href="https://www.applewoodmanor.com/wp-content/plugins/gallery-lightbox-slider '/css/photobox/photobox.ie.css'.'"><![endif] 