Alpine Lodge – 800-252-2333 Alpine Lodge 800-252-2333 #header-text Search Icon Search for: Menu Toggle Icon Skip to content Home Accommodations Amenities Specials More Alpine History Policies Book Now #site-navigation #masthead .slider-meta .single-slide .slider-meta .single-slide .slider-meta .single-slide .slider-meta .single-slide .slide-wrap .featured-slider-container .entry-header Welcome to Alpine Lodge Book direct for discounts and year round savings!   Alpine Lodge is known for its stunning beauty and legendary Bavarian charm with a location that can’t be beat for any season. Enjoy staying at the Main Lift, on the Red River, and on Main Street and gain access to high speed internet, indoor hot tubs and more. Rooms at Alpine Lodge can include, kitchens, fireplaces, multiple bedrooms, and balconies. With 19 unique accommodations, Alpine Lodge can find the perfect room for your next Red River vacation.  Immerse yourself in the Red River life and let our local Reservation Specialists help you along the way for a one of a kind vacation.   No pets allowed at Alpine Lodge, smoking allowed outside only.       Lodge Guide Get to know the Alpine With 19 unique accommodations and 46 rooms that sit on 4 acres of private property the Alpine Lodge has the perfect fit for you. We boast our walk anywhere location all while being on the river, at the Main Lift, and on Main Street. Get to know our grounds and let us help you along the way. VIEW GUIDE   Meetings and Events Explore our Venues Plan your next meeting or event with Alpine Lodge. Offering three unique event venues with flexible options for up to 125 guests. Work with our on site event coordinator to make your event planning an ease and let us assist you every step of the way. LEARN MORE   See the Difference The better way to get away See why Alpine Lodge is the better way to get away.  As a family owned and operated business, we know what is important to our guests and strive to provide the best experience while being your Red River host. GALLERY Share this: Twitter Facebook .entry-content .entry-meta .content-wrapper #post-## #main #primary .inner-wrap #content Hours & Info 417 W. Main Street P.O. Box 67 Red River, New Mexico 87558 1-800-252-2333 Open 7 days a week 8:00 AM - 8:00 PM No pets allowed at Alpine Lodge, smoking allowed outside only. Alpine Lodge Alpine Lodge .site-info #colophon Scroll to Top #page Online Booking Your Google Analytics Plugin is missing the tracking ID 