Luxury Hotel Santorini | Aigialos Luxury Traditional Settlement Google Tag Manager (noscript) End Google Tag Manager (noscript) header Book Now logo svg logo - toddmotto.com/mastering-svg-use-for-a-retina-web-fallbacks-with-png-script /logo nav Travel Stay The Hotel Residences & Suites Mansion Suite Exclusive Honeymoon Suite Ambassador’s Suite Panoramic View Suites Authentic Santorinià Residences Premier Residences Superior Residences Observe Experience Fine Dining Weddings Honeymoons Discover The Island Sightseeing The Beaches The Vineyards Contact Book Now /nav /header section Aigialos Luxury Traditional Settlement An Experiential Luxury Book Now Aigialos Luxury Traditional Settlement A Time Honored Experience on Santorini Island Book Now Aigialos Luxury Traditional Settlement A Bequeathed Quality Book Now Aigialos Luxury Traditional Settlement A Memorable Holiday Book Now <h1>Home</h1> article The Hotel Experience the blending of history and elegant luxury in our hotel in Santorini Learn More  Residences  & Suites Enjoy the impeccable services at the exquisite Santorini accommodation of Aigialos hotel Learn More Fine Dining Delight your appetite in Santorini’s restaurant of the senses “Bougainvillea Scarlet Queen” Learn More A romantic honeymoon with a story to tell Aigialos hotel in Santorini is proud to have two awards hanging on its walls. Our hotel was voted “Most Romantic Historic Hotel of Europe” in 2014 and “Best Historic Hotel with a Story to Tell” in 2016. We are delighted to welcome you to live your romantic story on Santorini island.  Santorini itself is the perfect place for your honeymoon. The dramatic landscape of volcanic cliffs and black-sand beaches will mesmerize you, especially at sunset hour, when the magnificent rosy hues of the sky fall softly around the island. Learn More A wedding on Santorini Our hotel on Santorini island is the ideal venue to create everlasting memories of your wedding. Just imagine celebrating your nuptials against the backdrop of a majestic landscape and a magical sunset, the natural phenomena of the caldera and the Aegean Sea. This is what a wedding in Santorini means. Our team promises to deliver an experience that will be customised to your own needs, aristocratic and meticulously curated only for you. Learn More Discover Santorini The Island The mystical beauty of Kalliste, Santorini island Learn More Sightseeing Be tempted to explore: sightseeing in Santorini Learn More The Beaches Swimming off Santorini’s unique volcanic beaches Learn More The Vineyards Seduce your senses with wine tasting in Santorini Learn More Always find the best available price on our website Book Now /article /section section “Beautiful atmosphere, romantic with accommodating staff” Spent part of our honeymoon at the Aigialos Hotel. We loved our room and balcony overlooking the ocean. Breakfast was amazing every morning with the option of delivery to your room, balcony or poolside. We would absolutely come back. Close proximity to shops and restaurants. We walked the whole area and rented 4 wheelers to see the remaining island. Highly recommend. Hattie B , Fort Collins, Colorado 5 “Magical Place for a Honeymoon” The view is unbelievable. What an amazing place. I would highly recommend. Very unique property and grounds, close to the daily donkeys climbing up the hill. We stayed here for 5 days for our honeymoon. Bah252 , New York City, New York 5 /section footer footer nav Sitemap Privacy & Cookies How to Find Us Contact Us /footer nav Aigialos Luxury Traditional Settlement Fira 84700 Santorini , Greece (+30) 22860 25191-5 Share Twitter Facebook TripAdvisor Instagram Pinterest         ΜΗΤΕ: 1144K05AA0305200 copyright © 2019 Copyright Aigialos /copyright /footer × 