Abalone Inn - Lodging, Bed and Breakfast, Hotels Abalone Inn - Bed&Breakfast Lodging in Point Reyes Abalone Inn - Bed&Breakfast Lodging in Point Reyes Home Gardens Rooms Reservations Directions Local More Home Gardens Rooms Reservations Directions Local Home Gardens Rooms Reservations Directions Local Point Reyes Abalone Inn 415.663.9149 Affordable Lodging in Point Reyes, California Nestled between San Francisco and the Wine Country on a hillside overlooking Point Reyes National Park Wetlands, Pastures & Black Mountain, the Abalone Inn Bed & Breakfast welcomes you with hospitality and old-fashioned ambiance.  The restored Victorian has three unique guestrooms & a congenial atmosphere. A perfect retreat for outdoor enthusiasts and those who appreciate efforts toward living in a more eco-friendly manner.  In partnership with the Point Reyes National Seashore, the Inn's proprietors are the coordinators of  Sustainable West Marin and are working toward a simpler, greener lifestyle. We are conveniently located in the Village of Inverness Park, within an easy walk to IP Market & the TapRoom Eatery. Minutes from the redwoods and beaches of the Point Reyes National Seashore  and just two miles from the Park Headquarters.  Abundant activities await you:  Visit local cheesemakers, wineries & oyster farms, Lighthouse and Kayaking tours, beach walks, bicycling, hiking, birding, and horseback riding.   Additionally, you can stroll our local village galleries, shops and restaurants. All rooms within the Inn have private baths and private entrances.  Rates are among the most affordable for B & B Lodging in West Marin. ranging from $120 - $220 depending on length of stay and number of people.  We offer off-season and extended-stay discounts.  Breakfast baskets, hot tub, guest patio, wi-fi & parking are included.  Your stay at Abalone Inn gives us an opportunity to  share with you one the Bay Area's best kept secrets.  We hope that you will join us,  Warmly, Dona & Philip Please call us between 9am to 9pm Daily  415-663-9149 & Toll Free 877-416-0458    12355 Sir Francis Drake Blvd., In the Village of Inverness Park Mail Checks to: Abalone Inn, P O Box 33, Point Reyes Station, CA 94956 See LINKS for Local Attractions, Restaurants, Shops, Activities & More  on our LOCAL section or click link below:   https://abaloneinn.com/local   Copyright © 2018 Abalone Inn - All Rights Reserved. Powered by GoDaddy GoCentral Website Builder 