Adobe Village Inn of Sedona, Arizona 43-page3.tpl Accessibility stuff Skip Navigation Website Accessibility column0_components 150 Canyon Circle Drive Sedona, Arizona, AZ 86351, United States info@adobevillageinn.com +1 928 284 1425 navigation Brand and toggle get grouped for better mobile display Toggle navigation ☰ Menu span class="navbar-brand visible-xs-block" data-toggle="collapse" href="#">Menu</span Collect the nav links, forms, and other content for toggling Home Rooms VILLAS Sunset Villa Purple Lizard Villa Wilderness Villa Lonesome Dove Villa INN ROOMS Sedona Suite Sundance Room Painted Desert Room Country Room Southwest Room Garden Room Tumbleweed Room RED ROCK SUITES Kaibab 2 Bedroom Suite Toroweap 2 Bedroom Suite Coconino 2 Bedroom Suite Supai 2 Bedroom Suite ALL ROOMS About Us About Adobe Village Inn Policies Photo Gallery Breakfast Trails Things to Do Personal Guide Tours 3 Day Itineraries Upcoming Events Specials Enhance Your Stay Contact Us Recipe of the Month Accessibility stuff column2_components Indicators Wrapper for slides Controls Previous Next Adobe Village Inn of Sedona Arizona The Adobe Village  Inn offers you a Bed and Breakfast style lodging experience in a Luxury Boutique Hotel. Our Sedona Hotel was designed for travelers looking for Adventure, Romance or Relaxation. Our Bed and Breakfast style Inn was designed to showcase views of Castle Rock and is within walking distance of the famous Bell Rock, Castle Rock and Courthouse Butte. Each room is uniquely decorated with your comfort in mind. Pamper yourself in our relaxing and romantic setting with beautiful gardens, hot tub, fire pit, fountains, and private patios & balconies.   Check Availability Make Reservation Save on our Multi Night Discounts when you Book Directly with us! Stay 2 nights and Receive a $40 gift certificate for PJ's Village Pub  or save $40 on one of our packages. Stay 3 nights and receive 10% discount on your room! Stay 4 nights and your 4th night is only $99! Stay a week and get your 4th night for $99 and save 10% on the remaining 3 nights! Start your day with a hearty & Complimentary 3 course breakfast. Consider us as the perfect  bed and breakfast alternative. If you have never stayed at a Sedona Bed and Breakfast, this is the place to start. Our Sedona Hotel is unique because it was originally built to be a Bed and Breakfast and has expanded to 15 .  Our Inn is larger than many Bed and Breakfasts in Sedona but smaller than most hotels.  Staying in a smaller hotel allows you to have the opportunity to meet many guests from other parts of the world. We commonly have guests from as far away as Australia and Germany. Whether assisting you with advance reservations at local Sedona Restaurants, arranging private backroad tours of Sedona and the Grand Canyon, helping your arrange horseback riding or hot air balloon rides, jeep tours or just getting you to our favorite swimming holes, all of us here at Adobe Village  Inn are here to help you have a memorable and relaxing vacation.  We are avid outdoor enthusiasts and would love to help you plan your adventure in Sedona.  Bring along your hiking gear or mountain bike, there are great trails for both within walking or riding distance! footer Adobe Village Inn  |  150 Canyon Circle Drive Sedona, Arizona, AZ 86351, United States  |  928-284-1425  |  info@adobevillageinn.com We are committed to ADA compliance. Read our accessibility statement Home   |   Rooms   |   About Us   |   Breakfast   |   Trails   |   Things to Do   |   Specials   |   Enhance Your Stay   |   Contact Us   |   Recipe of the Month   |   Site Map Cart Styles Copyright © 2007-2019 - Adobe Village Inn Hotel Website Design by BnBwebsites 43-page3.tpl 