Boutique Hotels in Petoskey, MI | The Apple Tree Inn End Google Tag Manager /logo Rooms Gallery Special Offers Amenities Contact & Location Meetings Attractions Events Sister Properties Press Guest Reviews Careers Newsletter Sign-Up Awards Sitemap Stay Social /navigation From $ 84 /night jw-widget Book Now mm/dd/yyyy mm/dd/yyyy Adults 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Rooms 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 From $ 84 /night jw-widget Check Rates /booking /container /header-content /header-gallery /header Welcome to the Apple Tree Inn A Boutique Hotel in Petoskey, MI In the scenic Lake Michigan resort town of Petoskey is a destination of exceptional warmth, charm and intimacy — The Apple Tree Inn “A Boutique Hotel.” Guests arriving at our hilltop Inn are greeted by beautiful views of Little Traverse Bay. In the evening, stunning sunsets over the water can be enjoyed from the private balcony of each room or suite. During downtown Petoskey’s 4th of July celebration, there’s no better place to take in the brilliant fireworks display.   Complementing the unmatched views, the hotel itself is a quiet gem where Victorian architecture and country-inn charm meet gracious hospitality. Each of our 40 rooms and suites blends classic style and décor with every modern comfort. Select one of our elegant Standard Rooms, a spacious, two-bedroom Family Suite or a romantic King Suite with a two-person, deep-soaking Jacuzzi tub. All offer bay views, pillowtop beds, granite baths with deluxe amenities, and complimentary Wi-Fi Internet. Start your day with our complimentary deluxe continental breakfast and visit our gourmet coffee and tea bar any hour of the day. Our relaxing deck and cozy parlor and fireplace provide the perfect spot to read, relax or unwind with friends. Our indoor pool is a delight at the end of a day of meetings or summer fun, or you can treat yourself to a soothing soak in our spa after a rigorous day on the nearby ski slopes and snowmobile trails. From the Inn, it is a short, complimentary limousine ride to downtown Petoskey , where you will find the shops, restaurants and attractions of the historic Gaslight District. Guests also enjoy free limo service to the spectacular Odawa Casino Resort. At every moment, our family of staff members is available to make sure that you feel perfectly at home. If there is anything you would like to see or experience during your stay, just ask .      From family vacations and romantic weekend getaways to first-class business trips, The Apple Tree Inn “A Boutique Hotel” has a unique experience waiting for you on the shores of Lake Michigan. Read More Close Specials Local Area Reviews Events Specials Local Area Reviews Events Enjoy riding a scenic route along Lake Michigan on the Little Traverse Wheelway from Harbor Springs… Learn More Complimentary Bikes! … Learn More Casino Package This romantic package can be added to any reservation in any one of our romantic room types,… Learn More Romance Package Check Rates Take a day trip to Mackinac Island! Package includes 1 night’s room and tax and 2 for 1 Ferry… Learn More Half Price Ferry Tickets Historic Gaslight District Distance: 2 miles from hotel You’ll feel as if you’ve stepped back 100 years in time when you visit Petoskey’s charming historic gaslight district. The streets are lined with the namesake lights, and stunning views of Little Traverse Bay are around every corner and over every hill. The quaint avenues are lined with exceptional and unique restaurants, and the colorful awnings indicate locally owned shops. Be sure to allow yourself plenty of time to wander, and be prepared for friendly shopkeepers to strike up conversations. Northern Lights Recreation Distance: 7 miles from hotel When only indoor adult fun will do, head to Northern Lights Recreation – because that’s where only fun is to be had. You can bowl on one of 19 new, modern, Brunswick lanes. You can play laser tag in a two-level arena or play pool in a private billiards room. You can try your luck in the arcade or maybe catch karaoke or trivia in progress. And, of course you can eat! Northern Lights was recently ranked Best Bar, Best Casual Restaurant and Best Overall Restaurant by Petoskey News Review 2014 – stop by and see if you agree with the high praise. Odawa Casino Distance: 1 mile from hotel This casino, owned and operated by the Little Traverse Bay Bands of Odawa Indians, is literally a city unto itself. Of course there’s a casino, where the entrance age was just lowered to 19 years old, but there’s also a AAA-Diamond-rated hotel, many restaurants and retail venues, a concert hall, a nightclub and a circular lounge in the middle of the gaming floor. Even if Lady Luck isn’t with you in the casino, there’s plenty to do at Odawa Casino Resort! Mackinaw Trail Winery Distance: 1 mile from hotel If you’re looking for a family-owned, friendly stop in the UP, try Mackinaw Trail Winery. The scenery is particularly spectacular in the falls, when the hills are awash in color, but the wine is good any time of the year. Not so into wine? There’s also an onsite brewery, so fresh beer is always being poured. There’s a limited food menu, a friendly bartender and a really sweet dog – definitely something for everyone in your party. Crooked Tree Arts Center Distance: 2 miles from hotel A church built in 1890 houses the Crooked Tree Arts Center, which was created to support a cultural movement in Petoskey. Specifically, the founders wanted to bring art to the Gaslight District, while also encouraging local artists by showing their work. Nearly 45 years later, the CTAC has developed an outstanding visual and performing arts program that has a reach well beyond the neighborhood it was originally designed to serve. Stop in and take a look at the displays; if you can, support the artists by making a purchase! Crooked Tree Golf Course Distance: 3 miles from hotel Two things can be said about this 18-hole golf course: one, it’s tough. Fair, but not an easy round. Two, it’s gorgeous. Whether you prefer the stately hardwood trees lining the fairways or the breathtaking view of Little Traverse Bay and Lake Michigan on the back nine, get ready for an unforgettable day on the links. Bay Harbor Golf Course Distance: 5 miles from hotel When Lake Michigan is the backdrop, any day on the golf course is bound to be a beautiful one (if not a low-scoring one; that’s up to you). This unique course adds in quarry views and some pretty spectacular houses that are fun to ogle. When the round is complete, head into the clubhouse for a cold beer and dinner that promises to exceed your very hungry expectations. Northern Lights Recreation Distance: 7 miles from hotel When only indoor adult fun will do, head to Northern Lights Recreation – because that’s where only fun is to be had. You can bowl on one of 19 new, modern, Brunswick lanes. You can play laser tag in a two-level arena or play pool in a private billiards room. You can try your luck in the arcade or maybe catch karaoke or trivia in progress. And, of course you can eat! Northern Lights was recently ranked Best Bar, Best Casual Restaurant and Best Overall Restaurant by Petoskey News Review 2014 – stop by and see if you agree with the high praise. Petoskey State Park Distance: 7 miles from hotel This 303-acre state park is located on the north end of Little Traverse Bay and offers visitors a gorgeous sandy beach on the Bay. There are two separate campsites if you’d like to stay overnight, sand dunes and hiking trails to explore and the famed “Petoskey stones” to seek. If you’re visiting in the winter, this is the place to strap on your cross-country skis or snowshoes and experience the trails in a different way. Avalanche Bay Distance: 11 miles from hotel When it’s too cold or rainy to enjoy the myriad outside attractions in Petoskey, head straight to Avalanche Bay and get ready to splish splash your way into a fun afternoon. This waterpark boasts “The Big Couloir,” which has a trap door and enough of a vertical drop to accelerate riders to a speed of 38 feet per second! Plan to stay overnight; if you book lodging, waterpark tickets are included. There are quite a few dining options, and plenty of additional perks pop up when you book a room. Boyne Mountain Distance: 11 miles from hotel All-season fun can be found at Boyne Mountain resort. In the winter, enjoy 60 downhill ski runs, terrain parks, cross-country trails, snowshoeing and ice skating. During more temperate months, you can play tennis or golf, hike, zipline, water ski, soar above the resort on a chair lift, play paintball or go fishing. When it comes to lodging at Boyne Mountain, you can choose your pleasure: anything from rustic log cabins to a luxury hotel await. This resort is a one-stop shop for the ultimate family vacation. Boyne Highlands Distance: 11 miles from hotel Boyne Highlands Resort promises fantastic skiing and endless winter fun, boasting the highest vertical and greatest skier- and rider-accessible acreage in the Lower Peninsula. Families love Boyne Highlands for the popular ski school as well as the wide range of trails accommodating any level of skier. Tired of your ski boots? Try snow tubing or dogsledding! And when it’s time for your bones to thaw out, stick around; this four-season resort is happy to book you a tee time or point out some excellent hiking trails. Apple Tree Inn 915 Spring Street, Petoskey, MI 49770 ALL main Guest Reviews Awards Press Careers Newsletter Sign-Up Stay Social Add/Remove Social Media Icons in inc.socialMedia.php Begin Social Media Icons End Social Media Icons /footer-bar © 2019 Apple Tree Inn 915 Spring Street, Petoskey, MI 49770 Tel (231) 348-2900 Toll Free (231) 348-2900 reservations@appletreeinn.com Designed by TravelClick /widget: address Awards / Recognition /rs-wpr widgetName-wrapper jw-widget /widget: awards-rotator Newsletter Sign-Up Sign-Up /widget: newsletter END FOOTER Rates From $ 84 /night Make a reservation jw-widget Book Now /wrapper 