Guided Romania tours | custom Romania tour - Adventure Transylvania Home Sightseeing tours Complete tour of Romania Halloween Dracula tour in Transylvania Transylvania Castles tour The real Prince Dracula tour Activity tours Romania easy walking tours Romania hiking tours Transfagarasan Bicycle Tours Hiking cycling and Sightseeing FAQ Blog Contact Select Page Tailor made tours of Romania Build your perfect itinerary to include your desired destinations Get a quote now Walk the best trails Fully guided hiking tours in Romania See tour now Uncover the best castles in Transylvania Discover authentic Transylvania now, before it becomes touristy See tour now Guided tours of Romania Complete tour of Romania The comprehensive tour of Romania for those who want to experience the authentic Romania. Explore Transylvania, Maramures, Bucovina and Moldavia  in a fully guided tour around Romania €1560     |   11 Days   |    Tour details   → Transylvania Castles Tour Castles, history and ancient legends all wrapped in a fairytale landscape – this is Transylvania. You will explore Sighisoara, Brasov, Sibiu, Bran Castle, Corvin Castle and many more €990    |    8 Days   |   Tour details   → The Real Dracula Tour Uncover the historic truth about Prince Dracula – Vlad the Impeller. This is a journey through the dramatic events of the 15th century, a story about courage, treason and revenge. €990 |     11 Days   |    Tour details   → Hiking tours Romania Easy walking tour A perfect combination of easy walking, superb scenery and great sightseeing.  This tour will take you deeper into the beautiful Romanian countryside to discover untouched nature and quaint villages, along with incredible historic sites. €790    |  Easy  |  8 Days   |   Tour details   → Romania hiking tour A moderate paced hiking tour, on some of the most spectacular trails in Romania. We will take on small local trails, to discover amazing  places that the average tourist never gets to see.  €790     |   7 Days   | Moderate |   Tour details   → Concentrated dose of Transylvania A full 2 days experience of Romania Walking : 3 hours moderate   Sighseeing:  Bran Castle and Brasov city tour Bear Sanctuary: “Libearty” Zarnesti €290  |   2 Days   |    Tour details   → Looking for a custom tour in Romania? Get a tour quote Today Ask for a quote Years of experience Tours conducted Happy travelers Our Happy travelers Fantastic Tour of Romania One of my favorite tours, ever.  Even though we went to the most famous sites related to Vlad Tepes, or Vlad the Impaler, we got to see so much more and learn about Romanian history and culture. We were a group of three and felt like we got our own private tour of the country.  I highly recommend this! Anita L Texas USA The Best Vacation Ever! My sister and I booked the Transylvania Castles Tour with Adventure Transylvania. Our guide Calin made this one of the best vacations we’ve ever had.! I would highly recommend Adventure Transylvania Tours to anyone wanting to visit Romania. Diana B Utah USA Fantastic Tour of Romania One of my favorite tours, ever.  I have only the best things to say about our tour of Romania with Adventure Transylvania. I would recommend Adventure Transylvania to everyone. It was one of the best tour companies we have experienced out of all the global traveling we have done! Vangos Zurich Switzerland Blog posts Turda Salt Mines – out of this world by Adventure Tranylvania | March 4, 2019 | Uncategorized | 0 Comments Turda salt mineMore and more people ask us about the Turda salt mine. What is there? We heard is an amusement park … underground???  Why would they make an amusement park underground in a salt mine?A bit of historyIt all started somewhere in the 1200's when the first... Read More Where is Transylvania? Where is Romania? by Adventure Tranylvania | February 27, 2019 | Uncategorized | 0 Comments Where is Transylvania? Where is Romania?Where is Transylvania? Transylvania is one of the provinces that form present Romania. Romania is made of 5 provinces but to simplify things we can talk about just 3 Transylvania - the north and the west bordered by the the... Read More Bran Castle – 5 facts that most tourists don’t know by Adventure Tranylvania | February 26, 2019 | Uncategorized | 0 Comments Bran Castle – 5 facts that most tourists don’t knowBran Castle is the most famous tourist attraction in Romania due to the connection to the bloodiest Romanian of all times – Count Dracula. Despite the thousands of visitors and hundreds of articles and papers written... Read More Facebook Twitter Instagram Designed by Elegant Themes | Powered by WordPress Inquire this tour × 