Napa Valley Bed and Breakfast Inns in Napa Valley CA Bed and Breakfasts – A Luxury Napa B&B In the Heart of California Wine Country Arbor Guest House 707-252-8144 Book Now / Availability Rooms & Rates About The Experience Dining About the Area Events Spa Specials & Packages Map / Contact A Luxury Napa B&B In the Heart of California Wine Country Just minutes from downtown Napa, Arbor Guest House Bed and Breakfast charms guests with the gracious amenities and plush comforts of a luxury boutique hotel. Enjoy our personalized service and attention to every detail from a delicious gourmet breakfast served in a sunlit bistro dining room to evening wine and cheese hour on the wraparound deck overlooking the splendid gardens and gentleman’s vineyard. Set in an elegant colonial revival home in the heart of downtown, Arbor Guest House offers five exquisitely designed rooms with fireplaces, private entrances and modern luxuries. Schedule a relaxing professional spa service on-site, or enjoy the quiet peace of our enchanting gardens, blooming with vibrant flowers, vine-draped walkways, a quaint gazebo, and sunshine-drenched decks. Plan your unforgettable romantic getaway to Napa Valley and Arbor Guest House today. Amenities Full Gourmet Breakfast and Evening Wine and Appetizers Fireplaces, and Individually Controlled Heat and Air Private Baths, Luxurious Robes, and in some Rooms, Spa Tubs Free High Speed Internet Access and Wireless Printing Available Complimentary Concierge Service and Spa Services Available Ironing Boards, Irons and Hair Dryers Free Parking A Short Walk to Downtown Napa, California The revitalized downtown Napa is a short stroll from Arbor Guest House Bed & Breakfast in Napa. Stretch your legs as you take a quick scenic walk down to the Napa riverside, cruise through a wine tasting in one of Napa’s many intoxicating vineyards, peruse seasonal, fresh fruits and vegetables at the local marketplace, or treat yourself to a taste of downtown Napa’s fine dining. Even the walk back to this Napa B&B through the charming turn of the century neighborhood is a sight to behold. Ring in the New Year! Stay 2 nights and get the third night for $85.00. This offer is not valid on 2/14, 2/15, 2/16 and 2/17 and cannot be combined with any other offer. Good on new reservation’s only. This offer is good in any of our suites, any day of the week and is subject to availability for stays in January, February and March only. All prices are plus tax.. For the month of January only add on a 1 hour Couple’s Massage (2 -30 minute massages) for $99.00. (Subject to availability) Offer expires 3/31/2019. This offer does not apply to any third party bookings and must be made by phone. Click here for this and more Specials and Packages Arbor Guest House 1436 G Street - Napa, CA 94559 707-252-8144 Concierge Video Email Facebook Google+ YouTube · Arbor Guest House © 2019 - All Rights Reserved · Responsive Site Design by WowiZowi.com Website Photography by WZPhotography Hosted by Protos Host 