 Annie Bananie Las Vegas Tours | Pawn Stars, Count's Kustoms & More Skip to primary navigation Skip to content Skip to footer Tour Pickup Times & Info Pawn Stars Tours Count's Kustoms Tours Desert Tours Other Tours Contact More Menu Pick Your Vegas Tour Popular Tours Popular! $ 99 Hour Glass 4 Hours Count’s Kustom Car Tour As seen on hit Reality TV Show, Counting Cars; Most people in Las Vegas bet with chips, but Danny “Count” Koker bets with cars! Learn More Popular! $ 99 Hour Glass 4 Hours Meet and Greet Pawn Stars Tour Exclusive meet & greet in private area with Pawn Star celebrity pictures with Pawn Star celebrity! Learn More Popular! $ 79 Hour Glass 4 Hours Count’s Kustoms Meet & Greet VIP Dinner Tour A customized VIP dinner tour for Counts Kustom’s Fans! Learn More $ 75 Hour Glass 4 Hours Vegas Ultimate Night Adventure Tour Eat, drink, and experience the old and the new Vegas with a night out on the town! Learn More View All Vegas Tours Our Most Popular Tour! PAWN STARS VIP TOUR This four-hour tour explores locations featured on History Channel reality TV shows, such as Pawn Stars, and Rick’s Restorations & Counts Kustom’s. Learn More $70 Hour Glass 4-5 Hours Check Out Our Tours Pawn Stars Tours View Tours Counts Kustoms Tours View Tours Desert Tours View Tours Other Tours View Tours Annie Bananie Las Vegas Tours For over 15 years our bus tour and sightseeing company has been an award-winning favorite for visitors and groups to Las Vegas. Our mission is to provide you with a guided tour experience that gives you the inside access to some of Las Vegas’ famous locations and personalities. You’ll see the spots millions see on TV shows every year, including Tanked , American Restoration , Counting Cars , Toy Shack , and Pawn Stars , on our guided bus tours. If you need transportation for your private event, group, convention, wedding, or party we can provide something special for you. We provide Group, Charter, and rental transportation including for conventions, associations, groups.  Our fleet includes options for Mini-bus, Coach, vans, and shuttle options. 5-Star Rave Reviews ☆ ☆ ☆ ☆ ☆ Great Time "We purchased these tickets with no expectations, but it was a great time. There is no way I would have found these locations. This bus tour is the only way to go!!! Hats off to our tour guide very very knowledgeable. We did get to meet a couple TV Celebs, great people. I am holding this the best tour I have had in Vegas! This was much better than sitting through a show on the strip!" – Jeremy M · TripAdvisor So much fun "I booked this tour for my husband as he’s a mechanic and fan of the shows. Adena was our guide and she was amazing and made the tour so much fun. The lunch at Counts restaurant was ok. Nothing to write home about. The souvenir prices were very reasonable and all the cars were amazing. The service every where we went on the tour was excellent. We also got to see the Shelby museum which was a nice surprise." – Bluevanilla · TripAdvisor Amazing Las Vegas Night Tour! "I have lived in Las Vegas for a long time and I thought I knew everything. This night tour was very informative and takes you to places quick without the hazzle of driving yourself around and finding parking. Mike our tour guide was very knowledgeable and friendly. He made sure that everyone was comfortable and accommodating to give everyone time to takes pictures for every location. I definitely recommend it and will try their other tours as well." – MITZY6 · TripAdvisor BEST VIP car tour that we have done in VEGAS "THIS was a great tour, enjoyed all 3 stops, plenty of time to take in the cars and grab some souvenirs. WE were up close and got some great photos. Lunch was amazing at Count's bar "GREAT FRESH FOOD". if you love cars and a great tour guide who provided a ton of information about VEGAS this is your TOUR!!" – killershark27 · TripAdvisor Facebook Instagram Pinterest TripAdvisor Twitter YouTube Tweet Email Annie Bananie Las Vegas Tours Phone (702) 804­-9755 Envelope [email protected] Map Marker 2961 Industrial Road Las Vegas, NV 89109 Our Tours Tour Pickup Times & Info Pawn Stars Tours Count's Kustoms Tours Desert Tours Other Tours Contact Get 20% OFF VTA When you book with Annie Bananie View Our Trike Tours Privacy Policy • Powered by FareHarbor Sites. Visit fareharbor.com to learn more. Powered by FareHarbor 