Home | Hotel Antumalal Toggle navigation English English Português Español English Português Español Home Rooms History Promotions Gallery Spa Restaurant Activities Events Contact More Activities Events Contact en English Português Español English Português Español +56 45 2 441 011 Contact Us Telephone Number 1 +56 45 2 441 011 Book Now Skip past navigation Home Rooms History Promotions Gallery Spa Restaurant Activities Events Weddings Corporate Contact More Activities Events Contact Below is a carousel. To go through the images, please swipe left or right, or tap the next and previous buttons. Below is a carousel. To go through the images, please click the next and previous buttons. Skip to content Guests 1 guest 2 guests 3 guests 4 guests 5 guests 6 guests 7 guests 8 guests 9 guests 10 guests Book Now Hotel Antumalal A boutique hotel, with Bauhaus architecture and elegant design, Antumalal is located on the shores of Lake Villarrica in the centre of a 5-hectare private park just 2 km from the city of Pucón. All double rooms, family suites and chalets overlook the lake and have natural wood-clad walls, individual fireplaces, flat screen TVs and digital safes. A stay at the hotel guarantees access to the Spa Antumaco, constructed in magnificent surroundings and sculpted from natural rock. The installations include an indoor heated pool, a spacious sauna with lake view, hydro massage pool and open-air showers. In addition, since 1950 the Restaurant Parque Antumalal has been a culinary must in Pucón and the Araucanía region. With an incomparable view of Lake Villarrica, the restaurant combines innovation with tradition and excellent personalized service. Timeless and elegant. Hotel Antumalal: Simply an Experience. Rooms See All Double or Twin Room Sleeps up to 2 people. Facilities includes one double bedroom with fireplace and ensuite bathroom, free Wifi. 30m2.The nearest parking is in the main car park at the entrance to the hotel.Based on local tax laws, all Chilean citizens and resident foreigners must pay an additional fee (IVA) of 19%. This additional fee (IVA) is not included in the hotel rates and must be paid separately. To be exempt from this 19% additional fee (IVA) the payment must be made in US dollars and a copy of the immigration card and passport must be presented. The passenger won’t be exempt from this fee when paying in local currency. In case of no show the invoice will be billed in local currency, including this additional fee (IVA). Superior Suite Sleeps up to 2 people. Facilities includes separate room with large living area and fireplace, one double bedroom with ensuite bathroom, free Wifi. 60m2The suite is located on the ground floor of the main building. The nearest parking is in the main car park at the entrance to the hotel.Based on local tax laws, all Chilean citizens and resident foreigners must pay an additional fee (IVA) of 19%. This additional fee (IVA) is not included in the hotel rates and must be paid separately. To be exempt from this 19% additional fee (IVA) the payment must be made in US dollars and a copy of the immigration card and passport must be presented. The passenger won’t be exempt from this fee when paying in local currency. In case of no show the invoice will be billed in local currency, including this additional fee (IVA). Park Family Suite Sleeps up to 4 people. Facilities includes one double bedroom with ensuite and one twin bedroom, free Wifi. 60m2Park Family Suite does not have a fireplace and to reach the bathroom the guests in the twin room must pass through the double room. The suite is located on the second floor of the main building. Please note there is no elevator. The nearest parking is in the main car park at the entrance to the hotel.Based on local tax laws, all Chilean citizens and resident foreigners must pay an additional fee (IVA) of 19%. This additional fee (IVA) is not included in the hotel rates and must be paid separately. To be exempt from this 19% additional fee (IVA) the payment must be made in US dollars and a copy of the immigration card and passport must be presented. The passenger won’t be exempt from this fee when paying in local currency. In case of no show the invoice will be billed in local currency, including this additional fee (IVA). Lake Family Suite Sleeps up to 4 people. Facilities includes one double bedroom and one twin bedroom that share a bathroom, free Wifi. 60m2Lake Family Suite does have a fireplace and the bathroom is located in-between both bedrooms. The suite is located on the second floor of the main building. Please note there is no elevator. The nearest parking is in the main car park at the entrance to the hotel.Based on local tax laws, all Chilean citizens and resident foreigners must pay an additional fee (IVA) of 19%. This additional fee (IVA) is not included in the hotel rates and must be paid separately. To be exempt from this 19% additional fee (IVA) the payment must be made in US dollars and a copy of the immigration card and passport must be presented. The passenger won’t be exempt from this fee when paying in local currency. In case of no show the invoice will be billed in local currency, including this additional fee (IVA). Lake House Antumalal Superior Villa Sleeps up to 6 people. Facilities includes living room with kitchenette and large fireplace, private terrace, one double bedroom with ensuite, a second bedroom with double bed plus a twin bedroom that share an additional bathroom, free Wifi. 115m2Lake House Antumalal is located at the lake edge and access is via stone steps and is not recommended for families with very small children or people with mobility difficulties. The nearest parking is located 50m from chalet.Based on local tax laws, all Chilean citizens and resident foreigners must pay an additional fee (IVA) of 19%. This additional fee (IVA) is not included in the hotel rates and must be paid separately. To be exempt from this 19% additional fee (IVA) the payment must be made in US dollars and a copy of the immigration card and passport must be presented. The passenger won’t be exempt from this fee when paying in local currency. In case of no show the invoice will be billed in local currency, including this additional fee (IVA). Forest Chalet Sleeps up to 6 people. Facilities includes living room with full kitchen and large fireplace, private terrace, one double bedroom with ensuite, two twin bedrooms sharing an additional bathroom, free Wifi. 110m2Private parking is available at the door of the chalet.Based on local tax laws, all Chilean citizens and resident foreigners must pay an additional fee (IVA) of 19%. This additional fee (IVA) is not included in the hotel rates and must be paid separately. To be exempt from this 19% additional fee (IVA) the payment must be made in US dollars and a copy of the immigration card and passport must be presented. The passenger won’t be exempt from this fee when paying in local currency. In case of no show the invoice will be billed in local currency, including this additional fee (IVA). Royal Chalet Sleeps up to 5 people. Facilities includes living room with kitchenette and large fireplace, private terrace, one double bedroom with ensuite, one twin bedroom, one single bedroom and two additional bathrooms, free Wifi. 80m2Royal Chalet is located 40m from the main building. The nearest parking is in the main car park at the entrance to the hotel.Based on local tax laws, all Chilean citizens and resident foreigners must pay an additional fee (IVA) of 19%. This additional fee (IVA) is not included in the hotel rates and must be paid separately. To be exempt from this 19% additional fee (IVA) the payment must be made in US dollars and a copy of the immigration card and passport must be presented. The passenger won’t be exempt from this fee when paying in local currency. In case of no show the invoice will be billed in local currency, including this additional fee (IVA). Lake Chalet Sleeps up to 4 people. Facilities includes living room with kitchenette and fireplace, private terrace, one double bedroom, one twin bedroom, one bathroom, free Wifi. 70m2Lake Chalet is located at the lake edge and access is via stone steps and is not recommended for families with very small children or people with mobility difficulties. The nearest parking is located 50m from chalet.Based on local tax laws, all Chilean citizens and resident foreigners must pay an additional fee (IVA) of 19%. This additional fee (IVA) is not included in the hotel rates and must be paid separately. To be exempt from this 19% additional fee (IVA) the payment must be made in US dollars and a copy of the immigration card and passport must be presented. The passenger won’t be exempt from this fee when paying in local currency. In case of no show the invoice will be billed in local currency, including this additional fee (IVA). Hotel Antumalal Camino Pucón a Villarrica Km.2 Pucón Novena Región de La Araucanía Chile +56 45 2 441 011 info@antumalal.com More Privacy Statement Cookie Notice Reservation Policies Social Media English English Português Español English Português Español All rights reserved English Português Español Powered by Canvas 