Adelaide Riviera Hotel 31-34 North Terrace Adelaide South Australia 5000 +61 8 8212 1700 reservations@adelaideriviera.com.au Home Accommodation Facilities Attractions Conferences Location Gallery Contact Us Perfectly positioned in Adelaide’s West End quarter Great value newly refurbished rooms Across the road from the New Royal Adelaide Hospital Adelaide Oval 15 min walk Adelaide Convention Centre 5 min walk West End Bars and Restaurants 10 min walk Directly across the road from the iconic SAHMRI building Check Availability Check-in Date Check-out Date Adults 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Children 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Check Availability Best Internet Rate Guarantee Adelaide Riviera Hotel The award winning Adelaide Riviera Hotel is perfectly positioned for your next business trip, short break or holiday in Adelaide. Our location in the vibrant West End quarter of Adelaide city gives you easy access to all of Adelaide’s local attractions. Whether it’s a short walk to Rundle mall a drive to the seaside at Glenelg or a day tour in the Barossa Valley, our friendly reception staff can provide detailed maps and advice to get you there. Our well-appointed 4 Star accommodation consists of 84 recently refurbished rooms, offering exceptional value for money. Our conference and meeting rooms make the Riviera an ideal base for your next meeting, workshop or seminar. The team at the Adelaide Riviera Hotel look forward to welcoming you soon. Very comfortable city stay “Quiet, comfortable room with good access to wi-fi. We were very impressed with the helpful staff, directions to free tram, advice re: good restaurants within walking distance, staff arranged taxi pick-up to airport for us. Altogether a very comfortable city break- we hope to come back!!!” John R - Wotif 5 out of 5, August 2018 Forever Grateful “I initially chose this motel due to its close proximity to the RAH. I cannot thank management and staff enough for their awesome understanding and support during my ten day stay, the last 2 weeks have been very stressful wondering if my son was going to be ok after a horrific car accident however you all made me feel comfortable and at home. The rooms are very comfortable and clean and I would not hesitate to return. “ Kath H - Tripadvisor, August 2018 Great Rooms and Staff “The staff were friendly and very helpful. The rooms were clean and comfortable and it was a lovely view from our balcony 🙂 We were happy with the on site parking. A short stroll to everything/everywhere.” Lorraine - Booking.com, July 2018 Perfect Location “Perfectly located for our trip to the footy, just a leisurely 10 minute stroll to Adelaide Oval and literally on the doorstep of everything that North Tce offers. The room itself was clean, well presented and well priced. Will not hesitate to stay again on my next visit to Adelaide.” Beau - Booking.com, July 2018 Excellent Friendly Staff “Everything was clean. Size of the room was great. Just around the corner were some great takeaway options. A tram stop was just outside. No problems, issues or worries. Felt very safe “ John T - Booking.com, August 2018 Excellent Location “Loved the location. An easy walk to the Art Gallery, the Adelaide Zoo, Rundle Mall and the Central Markets. The staff were very friendly and helpful with directions to the places we wanted to visit. We would stay there again if we return to Adelaide for a visit.” Roberta - Booking.com, August 2018 Home Facilities Attractions Conferences Location Gallery Contact Us Accommodation Standard Queen Deluxe Queen Standard Twin Deluxe Twin Standard Spa Executive Spa Suite Family Room © 2019 Adelaide Riviera Web design by Argon 