Al Faisaliah Hotel | Luxury 5 Star Hotel Riyadh, Saudi Arabia End Google Tag Manager Facebook Pixel Code End Facebook Pixel Code Discover the Jewel of the Middle East English / العربية / Menu Menu Home Al Faisaliah Hotel Al Faisaliah Suites Special Offers Dining Meetings & Events Wellness Contact loyalty More Special Offers Dining Meetings & Events Wellness Contact loyalty Check Availability Close Test that Google Analytics tracking is working by clicking the submit/book now button on the booking mask site and look in the URL string for code similar to #__utma=1.1142150968.1343168117.1343168117.1343168117.&....etc.. <input type="hidden" name="bf" value="HLLW6151" /> Check In Check Out Adults 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Children 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Check Availability Al Faisaliah Hotel, An Address of Distinction The finest 5-star hotel in Riyadh Al Faisaliah Hotel, featuring 95 rooms and suites, redefines the skyline and offers indulgent accomodations and a collection of culinary venues. Following the addition of Al Faisaliah Suites, the only dedicated luxury suites hotel in Riyadh offering 106 suites , Al Faisaliah has become one of the finest and most sought-after properties in Saudi Arabia. The finest 5-star hotel is conveniently located on Olaya Street near King Fahad Road, within a world-class retail… Al Faisaliah Hotel, featuring 95  rooms and suites, redefines the skyline and offers indulgent accomodations and a collection of culinary venues. Following the addition of Al Faisaliah Suites, the only dedicated luxury suites hotel in Riyadh offering 106 suites , Al Faisaliah has become one of the finest and most sought-after properties in Saudi Arabia. The finest 5-star hotel is conveniently located on Olaya Street near King Fahad Road, within a world-class retail and entertainment complex that includes the lavish Al Faisaliah Mall. Designed to exceed the needs of the contemporary business and leisure travelers alike, Al Faisaliah Hotel and Al Faisaliah Suites features in total 201 beautifully appointed rooms and suites, exclusive 24-hour butler service, contemporary meeting facilities, six international restaurants, a state-of-the-art health club and Al Faisaliah Spa by ESPA, exclusively for the Ladies.  Guests also enjoy complimentary high-speed Internet throughout the hotel premises.  Read More Special Offers SEAFOOD NIGHT DIVE INTO THE TREASURES OF THE SEA Join us for an unforgettable journey through seafood delicacies. Indulge in vibrant flavors of our lavish seafood night for a truly tantalizing… DIVE INTO THE TREASURES OF THE SEA Join us for an unforgettable journey through… Read more FROM SAR 295 * Not included:  5% VAT  Book now THE GLOBE - BUSINESS LUNCH Enjoy an extraordinary three-course meal crafted by our expert team of in-house chefs. Treat yourself and your colleagues to an unforgettable business lunch at the Globe Restaurant.… Enjoy an extraordinary three-course meal crafted by our expert team of in-house… Read more Book now THE GLOBE - AFTERNOON HIGH TEA Indulge in a delightful Afternoon Tea and Modern European cuisine at Al Faisaliah Hotel's The Globe Restaurant. An Incredible experience awaits you with enchanting panoramic views… Indulge in a delightful Afternoon Tea and Modern European cuisine at Al Faisaliah… Read more FROM SAR 185 * Not included:  5% VAT  Book now SUMMER BREEZE AN EXQUISITE VACATION Beat the heat this summer with a cool stay in our Deluxe or Superior Rooms and enjoy exclusive discounts at our dining venues as well as extended check-out times,… AN EXQUISITE VACATION Beat the heat this summer with a cool stay in our Deluxe or… Read more FROM SAR 950 * Not included:  5% VAT & 5% Municipality Tax Book now BED &  BREAKFAST PROMOTION  Guests may enjoy a special daily rate for Bed and Breakfast available for selected suites. TERMS & CONDITIONS All reservations are to be guaranteed at the time of booking and… Guests may enjoy a special daily rate for Bed and Breakfast available for selected… Read more FROM SAR 1050 * Not included:  5% VAT & 5% Municipality Tax Book now ROMANTIC GETAWAY REDISCOVER THE MEANING OF LOVE Escape from the everyday with a Romantic Getaway made just for you and your beloved. Our team will be delighted to infuse each moment with romance,… REDISCOVER THE MEANING OF LOVE Escape from the everyday with a Romantic Getaway… Read more FROM SAR 1250 * Not included:  5% VAT & 5% Municipality Tax Book now Rooms Al Faisaliah Hotel’s 224 room and suite accommodations offer a relaxing, peaceful oasis for  our guests. All accommodations showcase a unique style and character while offering state-of-the-art amenities, the finest in 5-star luxury and exclusive 24-hour butler service that is unparalleled among hotels in Riyadh. Discover Al Faisaliah Rooms discover Suites Al Faisaliah Suites is the only dedicated suites hotel in Riyadh; it showcases 106 impeccably appointed suites, brimming with luxury amenities to benefit both busy executives and traveling families. As with the Al Faisaliah Hotel, the accommodations at Al Faisaliah Suites include 24-hour butler service; your butler is dedicated to assisting you with every request during your stay here in Riyadh. Discover Al Faisaliah Suites discover Dining Long considered among the best in Riyadh, the restaurants at Al Faisaliah Hotel merge authentic Middle Eastern culture and heritage with top culinary influences from across the globe. Offering a focus on the best, freshest local ingredients, Al Faisaliah Hotel creates exceptionally unique & stylish dining experiences. Discover Our Restaurants & Lounges Location Gallery About Us Media News Privacy Policy Careers. Al Faisaliah Hotel, P.O. Box 4148, King Fahad Rd., Olaya, Riyadh 11491, Saudi Arabia   |   T: +966 11 273 2000 © 2019 Al Faisaliah Hotel - Riyadh, Saudi Arabia Google Code for Remarketing Tag 