Aranga Backpackers – Kerikeri backpacker accommodation, Kerikeri, Bay of Islands, New Zealand Skip to content Skip to footer Aranga Backpackers Kerikeri backpacker accommodation, Kerikeri, Bay of Islands, New Zealand Contact Us: 0800 272 642 or EMAIL Main Content . Aranga Backpackers – Kerikeri, Bay of Islands We offer fun, super-friendly backpacker accommodation in the heart of Kerikeri in Northland, New Zealand. We are the biggest and best-known Backpackers in the area. Our Location Come and stay in Kerikeri, in the beautiful Bay of Islands, New Zealand. Aranga Backpackers is surrounded by lush native bush and set beside the beautiful Kerikeri River, but we are just a 5 minute walk to the main centre of Kerikeri! Our Accommodation We offer twin rooms with two single beds, double rooms with one double bed, dorm rooms that sleep up to 7 travellers, camping sites and more. Our Facilities Our awesome facilities include a huge backpacker’s kitchen and lounge area, DVD and TV room and wireless internet. You can also take a refreshing swim in the river at the bottom of the property or bring your own kayak. Our awesome BBQ area has a roof that opens right out to let the Pacific stars shine down. Our backpacker’s kitchen has plenty of gas cooktops, a full oven, a walk-in fridge/freezer. There are microwaves and toasters and we have continuous boiling water so you can make a hot cuppa without waiting! There is a huge table, made from a giant slab of macrocarpa, that takes pride of place by the kitchen. Sit around the table with other backpackers playing cards or sharing a meal. A small chill-out alcove is next to the kitchen. This is a lovely warm room with comfy couches and plenty of books and magazines left by other travellers. Put your feet up and relax… We have a large TV lounge with a 42” LCD Screen and Sky TV, and with lots and lots of comfortable couches, and upstairs, a small DVD room so you can enjoy a movie or two with your mates. Downstairs, there’s another chill out space with a table tennis table and couches to laze in. Local Activities Visit off-shore islands, sea kayak or dive in the bluest waters, swim with dolphins, experience the Maori culture, work as you travel and meet other backpackers from around the world. Click here to find out more about our local rivers and beaches . If you’d like to work as you travel, Aranga Backpackers is the place to be! We are always happy to help you find good jobs, and organizing transport to those jobs. The busiest times of year are January – June, but we can help you find work anytime of year. Footer Contact Us Aranga Backpackers KeriKeri Road Kerikeri Bay of Islands, New Zealand Main phone: +64 9 407 9326 Freephone: 0800 272 642 Email: info@aranga.co.nz Copyright © 2019 Aranga Backpackers · Designed by northweb · Log in 