South Dakota Fishing & Hunting Guide Service | Allen's Hillside meta slider // meta slider .block-content #block-14 .column    Chamberlain, South Dakota Book Your Trip Today Call: (800) 435 - 5591 .block-content #block-7 .column .row .grid-container .wrapper Home About Us Fishing Fishing Report Hunting Rates & Booking Lodging FAQ’s Gallery Videos Location Contact Us .nav-horizontal nav-align-left .block-content #block-9 .column .row .grid-container .wrapper meta slider // meta slider .block-content #block-19 .column .row .grid-container .wrapper Welcome to Allen’s Hillside Guide Service Allen’s Hillside | South Dakota Missouri River Fishing and Hunting Guide Service Missouri River, Lake Francis Case, and Lake Sharpe near Chamberlain | South Dakota Walleye Fishing and Pheasant Hunting Charters April 7th, 2018                                                    April 5th, 2018                              Allen’s Hillside South Dakota Guide Service During the last three decades Allen’s Hillside has fished the  South Dakota’s Missouri River from Lake Francis Case to Lake Sharpe to Lake Oahe . Locally, our bountiful fisheries and the reproductive potential of walleye in the Missouri River in our area is amazing. We place a great deal of pride and satisfaction in the personalized guide services we provide to our clients. With return clients and referrals comprising over 70% of our business, people who have fished with us before are your best source of information. We’ll gladly provide references for you to contact. Give them a call because there is a difference in quality of services provided! As professionals, we truly enjoy what we do and we sincerely care about those who do it with us. We want your trip to be as successful as possible. Fishermen and hunters realize every day isn’t always dynamite fishing or hunting. Perhaps this makes the good days even better. Your dreams can come true with walleye fishing opportunities as dynamic as South Dakota’s Missouri River. We do our best to fit our experienced guides with your experience and interests. We realize all guide services ‘put their best foot forward’ in their promotional material. Through our personal service, interest and experience we will provide you with a thoroughly enjoyable fishing and hunting experience on the Missouri River. You can book with confidence that you are gaining the experience from the best walleye guides and hunting guides this area has to offer. You will find our experience, professional competence, and a sincere interest in your satisfaction, will provide you with a fishing vacation you will remember. We look forward to talking with you, planning your trip, and walleye fishing with you this season. We’ll provide that personal touch, doing what we can to answer your questions, and give the opportunity to catch walleye, the best-tasting fresh water fish anywhere. Our clear, clean waters make them an especially excellent fish to eat. Allen’s Fishing and Hunting Lodge (Hillside Motel) caters to fishermen and hunters, and we provide a relaxed and friendly atmosphere. This is where the fishermen and hunters gather to tell of the day’s hunt or catch and to swap stories of other trips. The restaurant next door serves excellent meals and will gladly cook your day’s catch for you. The Allen Family South Dakota’s #1 Walleye and Smallmouth Guide and Charter Service We Put Our Reputation On the Line! .entry-content #post-5 .block-content #block-10 .column Stay In Touch .widget Location .widget Facebook Facebook Allen's Missouri River Guide Service and Hillside Motel Great day on the water with this couple from Sioux Falls. Limit of walleyes with couple dandy cats. Guide Dave Bies ... See More See Less 11 hours ago View on Facebook · Share Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share on Linked In Share by Email Likes: 38 Shares: 1 Comments: 2   Comment on Facebook Looks like a great day! Chase Noell Allen's Missouri River Guide Service and Hillside Motel Pretty good time out there. Group is from Kimball area. Guide Jace Pulse ... See More See Less 12 hours ago View on Facebook · Share Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share on Linked In Share by Email Likes: 21 Shares: 0 Comments: 0   Comment on Facebook Allen's Missouri River Guide Service and Hillside Motel Grandpa and grandson for their first day walleye fishing on the Mighty Mo. Pretty good day out there! Group is from Madelia and Stillwater, MN. Guide Mike Allen ... See More See Less 13 hours ago View on Facebook · Share Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share on Linked In Share by Email Likes: 27 Shares: 0 Comments: 0   Comment on Facebook View on Facebook .widget .block-content #block-11 .column .row .grid-container .wrapper Follow Us! .widget Twitter Follow @allensfishing Allen's Fishing @allensfishing Nice stringer of fish in a 40 mph wind. The father and sons had a blast. Caught yesterday (Sunday)… https://t.co/MrayyzZvHj about 1 year ago Pretty good week out here. https://t.co/FwE2yrk7yi https://t.co/BDevWdxmNf about 1 year ago .widget .block-content #block-18 .column Lodge Info Location Weather Photo Gallery .nav-vertical nav-align-left .block-content #block-15 .column Rates & Schedule Rates & Booking .nav-vertical nav-align-left .block-content #block-16 Request Info Request Information Contact Us .nav-vertical nav-align-left .block-content #block-17 .column Garry and Mike Allen 502 E. King Chamberlain, SD 57325 Phone: (605) 734-5591 Toll Free: (800) 435-5591 Garry's Cell Phone (605) 680-0788 Mike's Cell Phone (605) 680-1054 E-Mail: info@allenshillside.com .widget .block-content #block-13 .column .row .grid-container .wrapper Copyright © 2014 - Allen’s Hillside Guide Service | Chamberlain, SD 57325 | 1-800-435-5591 | info@allenshillside.com View Full Site .footer .footer-container .block-content #block-12 .column .row .grid-container .wrapper #whitewrap 