Lodging in Stowe Village Vermont, 1860 House Inn and Rental Home, Stowe Vllage, Vermont, USA, ski, trapp family lodge Stowe, VT Welcome Start content section Welcome Directions Events Things to Do Contact US About US Rental Policies Rent The Inn Guestrooms Photo Gallery The 1860 HOUSE Inn &Vacation Rental Home Stowe Village, Vermont Welcome Directions Events Things to Do Contact US About US Rental Policies Rent The Inn Guestrooms Photo Gallery Welcome Directions Events Things to Do Contact US About US Rental Policies Rent The Inn Guestrooms Photo Gallery Welcome Directions Events Things to Do Contact US About US Rental Policies Rent The Inn Guestrooms Photo Gallery Welcome Directions Events Things to Do Contact US About US Rental Policies Rent The Inn Guestrooms Photo Gallery   Reservations Visit us in all seasons.... The 1860 House is located in the lovely village of Stowe, Vermont USA.  Previously operated as a Bed and Breakfast Inn since 1980 , we now offer comfortable lodging and morning coffee service.   The Inn has elegant country accommodations and a village property on the national registry of historic places.     Visit for relaxation, art galleries, adventure, downhill and cross country skiing, beautiful country, covered bridges, spectacular autumn colors and a town full of friendly people.    Visit often! ! Make Our Home... Your Home... Welcome to our five bedroom, six bath Village home.    We enjoy hosting guests from all over the world at this historic home.  Let us help you plan your vacation stay and explore what our town has to offer. Visit for a day, week or  month -  large enough for  your family vacation, wedding or reunion with friends.   Read more   Village location.... Conveniently located one block from historic Main Street in Stowe, Vermont.  Explore lovely shops and wonderful  restaurants within walking distance.  Browse through unique Vermont craft shops, exceptional art galleries, food that is a culinary delight, the Stowe Art Center and Library and the Stowe Theater plays -- all available to you without a car.  Read more about the Village.     Unique Family Lodging...... For a unique experience for your family and friends, rent this historic  home for your private use.  This provides you with the entire five bedroom Inn, private parking, large dining and living areas, and lots of space for everyone.  Counter code version 1.0. Do NOT alter this code! http://counter.mycomputer.com End of Counter Code   Copyright Stowe Investment Property Inc.  All Rights Reserved;   Cell: 202-360-7210;  Email: the1860house@yahoo.com Location: 73 School Street, PO Box 276, Stowe, Vt. USA 05672 Website powered by Network Solutions® End content section Start nsWebstats code. Copyright 2010 networksolutions.com More info available at http://networksolutions.com End nsWebStats tracking code. 