Oahu Private Tours | Affordable Private Pearl Harbor Tours 0 Shopping Cart TOURS BY ISLAND TOURS ON OAHU TOURS FROM MAUI TOURS FROM BIG ISLAND TOURS FROM KAUAI PLAN YOUR VISIT FAQ TOUR STOPS DIRECTIONS BLOG GROUPS PRIVATE TOURS ABOUT US CONTACT US phone icon BOOK NOW Menu 808.312.3705 Call Us Now Oahu Private Tours – Private Pearl Harbor Tours O ur Oahu private tours can accommodate your group in one of our Jeeps ( max 4 guests ) or Van ( max 7 guests ). We also have Mercedes Sprinter Vans (max 14 guests) or Mini-coaches (max 24 guests). We can pick up from any location on Oahu, Waikiki Hotels or from the Honolulu Piers for our guests arriving via cruise ship. We also pick up from the Honolulu International Airport, Turtle Bay Resort, Ko Olina Hotels or your Airbnb Vacation Rental for a small fee. Your private Pearl Harbor tour includes: 8 to 9 Hour Private Charter to go anywhere you want Custom Itinerary & Personalized Service Professional tour guide Fast track tickets to Pearl Harbor to view the documentary film Boarding the Navy boat ride to the USS Arizona Memorial Visit the exhibits & museums at the Pearl Harbor Visitors Center. From: $ 699 .99 BOOK YOUR TOUR Jeep Starting at: $ 699.99 HOW MANY IN YOUR GROUP SUV Starting at: $ 699.99 Choose your date / / Vehicles Jeep VAN Mercedes Sprinter Mini Coach Jeep $ 699 .99 4 guests VAN $ 849 .99 7 guests Mercedes Sprinter $ 1,299 .99 14 guests Mini Coach $ 1,749 .99 24 guests Discounted Price Available Not Available You Save: $ Tour Starting From Oahu $ 0 .00 Per person Maui $ 249 .00 Per person Kauai $ 249 .00 Per person Big Island of Hawaii $ 249 .00 Per person Starting From Island Oahu Maui Big Island of Hawaii Kauai Your Online Prices: $ 0 Book now Tour Includes Every private tour comes with one of our expert tour drivers and ice cold cooler with bottle water and juices. Highlights Tour Description Schedule & Duration Availability Meal Options Attire Cancellation Policy Special Instructions Highlights Pick up from your Waikiki Hotel or Cruise Ship Pier are free. Other pick up options are available for a small fee including; Honolulu Airport, Ko Olina, Disney Aulani or Turtle Bay Resort Pearl Harbor Tickets and 3 hours to tour Pearl Harbor Visitor Center Watch movie of actual attack at Pearl Harbor Navy boat ride to board the USS Arizona Memorial It’s your private tour, you can choose any of these tour options listed USS Missouri, USS Bowfin Submarine, North Shore of Oahu, Dole Plantation, Waimea Valley or the Polynesian Cultural Center (admission not included) 8-9 Hour Private Pearl Harbor tour including featured Oahu sites Choose from a number of great options for your group at checkout. Add on Waimea Valley Waterfall Swim, Missouri Battleship, Bowfin & more. Weather & construction may effect some highlights. Tour Description This package stands out from our other Pearl Harbors tours in that you can experience all of the wonders of Oahu from the comfort of a Jeep, Van, or Mercedes Sprinter. The added space allows you to stretch your legs out and be comfortable during your experience. Since many private Pearl Harbor tours cut back on the costs when it comes time to choose a car, this one is great for the group that wants added comfort during their adventure. We supply drink coolers and extra storage for food, so you can make sure to bring everything you’ll need for the day. Like other Pearl Harbor tours that we offer, we will make sure that you receive the best possible experience, maximizing your vacation time. We will make sure that you are satisfied with the time spent at each of the top sites at Pearl Harbor, and then finish off with a drive around Oahu to explore the many wonders of this beautiful island. Not all Oahu Private tours come with this much comfort and extra space for both big and small groups alike. Please ask us here if you have any questions. Schedule & Duration Available from Oahu, Maui, Big Island or Kauai – 8 hours *Tour duration 8 to 9 hours **Does not include airfare Private Tour pick up from anywhere on Oahu, Waikiki Hotels, Cruise Ship, Honolulu International Airport. We also pick up from the Turtle Bay Resort, Koolina or Airbnb Vacation Rental on Oahu for an additional fee of $100.00 8:00 AM Pick up from hotel, airport or cruise ship 8:30 AM Arrive at Pearl Harbor 9:00 AM Pearl Harbor Visitors CenterMuseums and Exhibits 10:00 AM View Documentary Film 10:30 AM Board Navy Boat to USS Arizona Memorial 11:15 AM Depart Pearl Harbor 11:30 AM Take H2 Highway to Dole Plantation North Shore Oahu and Turtle Beach Waimea Bay and Sunset Beach Waimea Hike and Waterfalls (admission not included) Sharks Cove Snorkel (Snorkel Gear available to rent) Polynesian Cultural Center (admission not included) Byodo In Temple Pali Lookout 6:00 PM Drop off at hotel, airport, cruise ship or original pick up point Availability We recommend booking your Pearl Harbor & Honolulu tours in advance of your arrival to Hawaii.  Pearl Harbor is our #1 visitor destination and will sell out on certain days of the week. Book your tour for the 1st or 2nd full day after your arrival.  Our guests usually get up early in the morning due to the time difference, so you’re usually wide awake by the time your tour starts, plus your tour guide will point out highlights not to miss on Oahu.  * Tour features & stops are weather and safety permitting. Our total time at Pearl Harbor is about 3 Hours, or longer if you want to continue visiting other sites at Pearl Harbor, such as the USS Missouri or the Pacific Aviation Museum, or we can explore the Island of Oahu. All our guides providing Honolulu private tours share valuable information to make your vacation overall better! Remember, this is your private Oahu tour and after our stop at Pearl Harbor you get to determine the itinerary. Of course your guide can suggest several “must-see” places on the Island of Oahu, but the stops are entirely up to you! Meal Options No host lunch available at Visitor Center and USS Missouri or at another location of your choice. Attire Dress comfortably but please remember that shirts and shoes required on the USS Arizona Memorial; swimsuits not permitted. Bags not allowed in Pearl Harbor Visitor Center but if needed may be checked and stored for $3.00 per item. Cancellation Policy In the event of cancellation or request change to your reservation, please note the following.   Tours originating from Oahu , there is no charge for date change or tour change based on tour availability.  Any request for a refund prior to 48 hours is honored with a full refund, minus a 10% cancellation fee. No refunds issued for any tours within the 48 hour period, prior to the start of your tour. Pearl Harbor Tours originating from the Islands of Maui, Big Island and Kauai  may incur up to $100.00 per person airline change fee for any changes to the original booking.  Any request for a refund prior to 48 hours is only allowed a 50% refund of tour cost; due to airline policy your confirmed airfare is non-refundable. No refunds issued for any tours within the 48 hour period, prior to the start of your tour. Special Instructions No bags allowed at Pearl Harbor Government Issued ID required for Ford Island entry No camera lenses longer than 6 inches at Pearl Harbor Bring Bottled Water Don’t forget your camera! Bring sunscreen, hat, sunglasses Wear comfortable shoes Leave your swimsuit at home Dress comfortably & check the weather. No host lunch available at Visitor Center and USS Missour ** Due to ceremonies honoring the attacks of December 7, 1941, we will not operate tours to Pearl Harbor and the USS Arizona Memorial on December 7, 2018 ** SITES YOU CAN VISIT On Private Pearl Harbor Tours You Can Do More Previous Next Pearl Harbor Visitor Center Your dayʻs private tour can begin at the Pearl Harbor Visitor Center. See and hear every important detail regarding the attacks of December 7th, 1941. A short, 23 minute documentary about the attack on Pearl Harbor , including real footage from that fateful day. Linger at the historical memorabilia, photos and exhibits to truly absorb the shock and awe created by this unprovoked attack. Learn about the timeline up to the US entering and ending WWII. Get a greater understanding of how this one act affected the destiny of the US forever. Have deeper insight into what being in a world war is like. After you’ve had your history fix, be sure to rest up and refuel. Lunch / snacks are available for purchase from vendors. Previous Next USS Arizona Memorial After the Pearl Harbor Visitor Center it’s only a short trip to the USS Arizona Memorial aboard a U.S. Navy launch. The memorial was constructed such that you can view the USS Arizona under the water beneath you. Within the USS Arizona lie the 1,177 unsuspecting heroes who died on that horrible “Day of Infamy.” And, if you look for it, you will see a sheen of oil on the water. This sheen of oil has been dubbed “black tears”, and it 75 years later there is still a slow leak of this oil from the hull of the Arizona. Every one of the 1,177 crew members’ names who were interred on the USS Arizona are etched in stone and on display. The memorial is a serene and beautiful honor to those who were lost that day. Trying to truly understand the depth of the events as they unfolded on that infamous day? Visiting the ships, the memorial; witness the disastrous attack footage… observe the US flag at half-staff to honor those who gave their lives for our freedom and who still remain certainly helps to bring it into a realistic view. Explore the US’s role in world history, up close and personal. Previous Next USS Battleship Missouri Guests can also extend their visit to Pearl Harbor with a one-hour guided tour of the USS Missouri, the last battleship built by the US Navy. (Admission cost is not included, guests can purchase directly at Pearl Harbor) Commissioned in 1944, and affectionately referred to as “Mighty Mo”, she earned 11 Battle Stars during her tour of duty. Walk the decks learning about her proud history and stand on the exact spot where on September 2, 1945, Japan surrendered. In all, you’ll spend approximately 4.5 hours at Pearl Harbor. Previous Next City tour and Punchbowl National Cemetery Then, experience a fun fact-filled, narrated driving tour of downtown Honolulu. This scenic drive, including a drive through Punchbowl National Cemetery, will allow you to discover the cemetery’s meticulously landscaped acres. Enjoy the beauty and honor of this serene area as you drive through and see the Courts of the Missing, the chapel and the finely detailed mosaic maps of the Pacific Theaters of Operation in World War II. Previous Next Historic Honolulu Tour Sites You will also get to visit other popular Hawaiian sites on this tour, including the impressive Iolani Palace, the only royal palace on American soil. You’ll also view Kawaiaha’o Church (the church of Hawaiian monarchs) and one of the oldest standing christian churches in Hawai’i – dubbed the “Westminster Abbey” of the Pacific. The State Library and Archives, the 18 foot tall statue of King Kamehameha, Honolulu Hale (City Hall), and the quaint Mission Houses are also included on this adventure tour, all while your expert knowledgeable driver recounts the rich history of these Honolulu landmarks. Frequently Asked Questions What Sites Will We See? Many people simply want to see the USS Arizona as part of their Pearl Harbor battleship tour. However, no Pearl Harbor Hawaii tour is complete without visiting the museums and surrounding sites. As a result, when you communicate with our customer service agents, we will discuss all of the potential sites that your tour group can visit. Since we offer Pearl Harbor tours with experienced Pearl Harbor experts, each tour will be an experience to remember forever. How Long is the Pearl Harbor Tour? Each of our Pearl Harbor tours has a different timeline of events, depending on how much time you have to spend at the sites. Since we offer Pearl Harbor tours from Oahu and all nearby major Hawaiian islands, the exact timeframe you need to plan for will depend on your personal circumstances. Typically, tour groups like to spend 4 – 6 hours visiting the Pearl Harbor sites. Does Pearl Harbor Tours Accommodate Large Groups? Although Pearl Harbor tours are more personable with smaller groups, there isn’t a group too large for our team of Pearl Harbor experts to accommodate. Whether you have 1 person or 100, we will work with you to provide the best Pearl Harbor Hawaii tour possible. Will You Match Competitors’ Prices? Here at Pearl Harbor Tours, the best experience possible for our guests is a top concern. Since we are so confident that we offer the best Pearl Harbor memoriall tours out there, we will gladly match or beat the price of any identical tour on any of the Hawaiian islands. Can I Get a Refund if I Cancel My Tour? Absolutely. However, make sure to let us know 48 hours in advance so that we don’t start dedicating our personal time planning for your group. Each Hawaii Pearl Harbour tour that we offer requires careful planning based on the personal needs of our clients, so 48 hours advance notice is necessary for a refund. Do you Offer Tours from the Nearby Hawaiian Islands? Yes! Although we offer Honolulu Pearl Harbor tours, many people are also looking for Pearl Harbor from Oahu and all other nearby Hawaiian Islands. Since Hawaii can be difficult to navigate around on your own, we are glad to assist you with all travel plans. Be sure to let us know which island you will be coming from when you book a tour so that we can make your trip a more relaxing experience. YOU ARE OUR #1 PRIORITY We’re absolutely dedicated to helping you discover local experiences with our list of tours and activities unique to Hawaii. NO HASSLE BEST PRICE GUARANTEE Book with confidence knowing we will match or beat price of any identical tour on any of the Hawaiian Islands. RESCHEDULE FOR FREE If your plans change let us know 48 hours in advance of the scheduled activity and we can change with no charge to you. Book Our Oahu Private Tours Now! BOOK NOW 1649 Silva St. Honolulu, HI 96819 808-312-3705 [email protected] PROUD SUPPORTER QUICK LINKS BUY TICKETS FAQ ABOUT US PRIVATE TOURS PRIVACY POLICY REFUND POLICY Readers Rating Rated 4.9 stars 4.9 / 5 ( 119 Reviewers ) Spectacular Your Rating 2019 Copyright Pearl Harbor Tours All Rights Reserved. - PUC-1056-C Facebook Twitter Linkedin Youtube Instagram Pinterest Scroll to top 