Stowe Vermont Hotels | United States | The Little River Inn body start html embeds start body start html embeds end © 2018 Created by Phil Joyce! Yay me! Tel: 802-253-7787  CONTACT US Send info@thelittleriverinn.com 692 South Main Street, Stowe, Vermont 05672 /  /  HOME ABOUT ROOMS SERVICES GALLERY SEE & DO CONTACT More Book A Room ABOUT Welcome to The Little River Inn! Our cozy inn on the Little River is the perfect launching point for your Stowe adventure. Located in the Lower Village just a short stroll along the Riverwalk to the iconic Main Street of Stowe, you will be close to all of the outdoor activities, shopping, dining, and beautiful scenery that Vermont is famous for.   With a boutique décor that mixes modern contemporary, mid-century, old school Vermont farmhouse, and just a smidge of fun and funky, you will feel comfortable relaxing at the inn after your day out. Guests of the inn have access to several of our common spaces. There is a welcoming reception room with a woodstove and seating area and a sitting room for you to spread out with a fireplace, TV, books, and games. Our back deck has a hot tub for warming up and chilling out and plenty of space for relaxing with your favorite beverage overlooking our spacious backyard that borders the Little River. A sunny breakfast room will welcome you each morning to start your day. Help yourself to juice, Vermont coffee, tea, home-baked goods, cereal, fresh fruit and yogurt to start while we prepare a main course of one of our signature breakfast creations. Our offerings are locally sourced, homemade, and homegrown wherever possible. Coffee, tea, and water along with the use of a microwave and refrigerator are available to guests 24/7. Wi-Fi is free, fast, and available throughout the inn.   Your hosts, Kim and Phil Joyce, will guide you to the best that Stowe and the Green Mountains of Vermont have to offer.  ​ Here is more of our story... OUR ROOMS The Little River Inn offers simple, modest, modern rooms with a rustic Vermont touch. All rooms include a full breakfast to get your day started right. See our Rooms OUR SERVICES Breakfast   Start your day with a selection of english muffins and croissants with home-made jam, exceptional coffee and tea, hard-boiled eggs, and Kim's specialty baked goodies. The main course features one of Phil's culinary creations. Grounds   Relax in an Adirondack chair along the banks of the Little River with your favorite beverage, take a soak in the hot tub with friends or family, enjoy a game of bocce on our extensive lawn or just enjoy a book on the deck. The choice is yours! Hot Tub   Unwind after an active day out in our spacious hot tub with a beverage and a couple of friends or family members. Reminisce about the day and make your plans for tomorrow. It's a tough life. Free Wifi   The Little River Inn offers free, speedy Wifi to all guests.  Daily Housekeeping   Your room will be tidied up every day of your stay if you wish. There is no charge for this service GALLERY 1/6 THINGS TO DO Skiing   The best skiing in the East just got better (and cheaper!) with the Vail Epic Pass .  Water   Kayaking, canoeing, fishing, boating, and stand up paddleboarding. River or flat water, the choice is yours! Events   Stowe has events happening all year round. Sporting events, car shows, craft and art shows, music, you name it! Check out what is happening here during your vacation. Trails ​ Explore the Green Mountain's majesty in every season with an extensive network of trails for all abilities. On foot or bike in the warmer months and by cross country skis, snowshoes, snowmobile and dogsled in winter. Rainy Day   Rain is an important part of the Vermont equation. It's what keeps the rivers and lakes full and running, the Green Mountains green and, of course, the foliage spectacular! But if it occurs during your vacation, there are plenty of activities for you to enjoy. Shopping    Country stores, farmers markets, boutiques, and art galleries, Stowe has it all! Food and Drink   Stowe is a foody's paradise. From the finest dining to the best pub-grub, Stowe's restaurant scene is legendary and the beer is pretty good too! GUEST REVIEWS “We absolutely loved this place. The hot tub, outdoor patio, and amazing breakfasts made our stay extra special! Kim and Phil were wonderful hosts. They were very accommodating and thoughtful. We highly recommend it!” No Footer body end html embeds start body end html embeds end 