Romantic Cabins in Bastrop New builder template Search Results The product element will be here End Includes Reviews Priceless memories ! October 22, 2015 We had a wonderful time staying in Michelle's Log Cabin.  The well kept cabin was outfitted in an equine theme and had much reading material to choose from.  There were muffins, coffee and tea.  The cabin even exceeded the online description.  The night  sky was full of stars and the setting was so, peaceful, and quiet.  The ranch is centrally located too many areas of central Texas including Bastrop, Smithville and Austin.  We hope to come back again! Great Cottage in the Woods October 7, 2015 We loved the cottage, the muffins and the hospitality.  It had everything we needed, and more.  Very clean place and cozy.  We'll recommend it to all our friends! Country Retreat October 4, 2015 Perfect for a getaway in the country for complete R&R.  Our cabin had all the comforts of home.  Not much to do in area but that's what we wanted, total relaxation.  I would definitely come back! A Breath of Fresh Air September 20, 2015 Getting away fem it all does not mean doing without, and rustic does not mean primitive.  This lovely getaway puts the focus on wildlife and the stars.  Not so much a bed and "breakfast", and you get a fully equipped kitchen along with coffee and muffins.  Eat when you want.  This is a horse farm, so feel free to wander around looking at the horses or investigate the chickens.  Or just sit on the porch and rock.  It's all good! Rustic Perfection September 16, 2015 We had a terrific stay in Eagle's Nest Log Cabin last weekend.  I woke up and went for an early morning walk and saw white tail deer and a beautiful sunrise. The 9E is so charming! September 15, 2015 We love staying at the 9e.  This time we stayed in Eagle's Nest Log Cabin and the view in the morning with their yummy fair traded coffee is lovely.  You may see the herd of Longhorns that call the 9E home.  I had a wonderful night sleep and love the new sheets they are using out there now!  We always love getting away from Austin city life and heading out Th the 9E for some peace and relaxation! Peaceful Evening September 7,2015 After a hectic week the Eagle's Nest Cabin at the 9e was wonderful on Friday evening.  Peaceful and relaxing are words that come to mind. Reviews of 9E Ranch November 25, 2015 We had a wonderful visit to the 9E Ranch.  Sitting on haystacks, wondering the property and enjoying the comforts of the Lone Star Cabin were all highlights.   Despite very chilly weather we treed down the Colorado River in kayaks together and took in the charm of Bastrop.  The boys were pleased to be able to handle Ginger and Copper what darling little horses they are!!!  May thanks for a pleasant getaway!  Clay and Marc Escape (June 2, 2015 ) What a wonderful peaceful place to stay! Highly recommended this place to anyone needs a break from the hectic pace of life!  Our cabin was cozy and comfortable.  The ranch is a great place to explore, enjoy the animals and stargaze at night. EXCEPTIONAL!   (June 2, 2015) We stayed in the Daisy cabin this past weekend for a wedding shower and our experience was exceptional!  We felt the relaxation of being away from Houston.  My children enjoyed running and playing and visiting the animals.  We sat outside on our deck and drank in the silence.  We left renewed and at peace.  Our stay was exceptional. TREEHOUSE IN THE PINES (May 13, 2015) My stay in the Eagles' Nest Log Cabin afforded me with an opportunity to live out one of my lifelong fantasies of staying in a tree house in the woods.  I knew I was coming to a rustic cabin on the 9E Ranch, but the tree house quality of this cabin and the panorama of green really took my by surprise.  The cabin was perched on a hill and had windows on all sides.  The views were framed by the kind of tall pine trees one would expect to find in the Rocky Mountains.  Then they open into the rolling green hills of ranch la land speckled with Longhorn cattle and  woods filled with wildlife of every kind.  I couldn't have picked a better time of year for my stay at the 9E Ranch.  The temperature was cool enough to keep my windows open both day and night.  I was recharged by the sounds of the night, crickets, raindrops and birds.  I was able to spot the first painted bunting of the season. Michelle CABIN STAY (May 4, 2015) The cabin and surrounding land was beautiful and very relaxing.  My husband and I enjoyed our stay and wished we had more time to explore the 9E Ranch and the trails. AW ESOME TIME AT THE 9E RANCH! ( May 4, 2015 ) Our family needed some relaxation and decided to spend the weekend at the 9E Ranch.  It was wonderful; we stayed in the Lone Stay Log Cabin and our daughter really loved it because she had her own area in the loft.  We were able to play multiple games of monopoly together and it really took us away from the hustle and bustle of regular life.  Te 9E Ranch is the best place to relax in the country. GREAT CABINS! (April 22, 2015) My husband and I have stayed at the 9E RAnch twice now.  Both time we were very pleased.  The cabins are comfortably decorated.  Always clean.  Great personal touches like fess muffins in the fridge, soft sheets, coffee, and homemade soaps. We will be going back!  Thanks for the great Texas hospitality! 9 E RANCH (April 22, 1015) Hospitable hosts at wonderful, working ranch near Bastrop, Texas.  Hike the 300 acres and enjoy wildflowers, longhorns, horses, wild turkeys, deer and other critters.  A perfect getaway from the hectic life most any time of year! RE STFUL RETREAT! (April 22, 2015) Great views from the Daisy cabin!  Love the trails & delicious muffins.  This was our third visit and our second stay in this cabin.  The owners are delightful and very helpful.  Great, unique experience. SCENIC, COMFORTABLE FRIENDLY, LOVELY RANCH! (April 18, 2015) W e have been sharing this slice of space between heaven and earth with the Bohls for over 12 years.  We try to make a visit at least annually.  The really neat thigh about 9E is that there is nothing to do......if you don't want to do it!  This trip we never left the property.....except for dinner.  We usually visit Smithville, or Bastrop drying the day but this time the weather was perfect for lying under the tall pines and listening to the wind move across the land....so we did.  There isn't a more relaxing place on earth!  We love the Eagles' Nest and have stayed there all but one time.  The place is super clean, private and with a view that just won't stop!  We miss Joan's cooking, but the muffins are a delight.  I can't tell you all the wonderful memories we have at the 9E, they are just endless.  In Bastrop you can find an assortment of restaurants to meet anyone taste's desire.  Antique shops are plentiful in Smithville and in the spring Bluebonnets are everywhere.  I know we will be back.....it's at the top of our list when we need to push tbs pause button on our hectic lives.  You should too..... and visit 9E!  DAISY COTTAGE WAS SUPERB (March 14, 2015) The Longhorns and mini donkeys greeted us when we arrived.  After they wondered off a few deer even came to visit before sunset.  We had a very, relaxing, and peaceful visit.  Thank you for sharing this wonderful place.  Connie Elliott LOVELY, HEART WARMING, PEACEFUL BIT OF HEAVEN! I love this place.  This was my 3rd visit to the 9E.  The first time I went for some quiet time with just my dog and stayed in Michelle's cabin.   Such a sweet cabin, warm relaxing, beautiful, and very comfortable!  The next 2 times I went with my mother and sister and stayed in the Daisy  as it has 2 bedrooms.  The views of the miniature donkeys, pet Longhorns, and fields  were fabulous!  The cottage itself is quite charming with everything you need to have a wonderful time.  Kent and Joan are beautiful, beautiful people if you choose to interact but give you all the privacy you desire.  On all 3 of my visits, I never left the ranch!!!.  The trails throughout the ranch are beautiful and a great way to commune with  nature. Plus all the cabins have great porches and lots of windows to enjoy the surrounding beauty.  If you are looking for a sweet place to commune with friends, family, yourself and nature, this place is wonderful.  If you want to go out, there are quite a few, nice, and fun restaurants and bars in Bastrop with live music on weekends only 15 minutes away. EAGLES' NEST AT THE 9E Very clean, off the beaten path cabin.  Great for a weekend away from the daily hustle. GREAT COTTAGE IN THE WOOD (October 7, 2014) We loved the cottage, the muffins and the hospitality.   It had everything we needed and more.  Very clean place and cozy.  We'll recommend it to all our friends! COUNTRY RETREAT (October 4, 2015) Perfect for a getaway in the country for complete R&R.  Our cabin had all the comforts of home.  Not much to do in the area but that is what we wanted, total relaxation.  A FUN TIME FOR ALL AGES .......RAIN OR SHINE! The ranch is beautiful and the resident animals are fun to observe no matter what the weather is doing.  On our recent visit with our one-and-a-half year old granddaughter the weather was overcast and rainy.  This did not deter our hosts from taking us on a fun tour to see the miniature horses, longhorns, miniature donkeys and chickens.  Our granddaughter loved getting up close too many kinds of chickens in their coop!  Our hosts also treated us to an impromptu tea party back at their house which was fun for the little one.  We have stayed here often and love it! New Year's at 9E January 2015 Won derful view, enjoyed the Longhorns' company, good breakfast muffins and coffee! Lovely, heart warming, peaceful bit of heaven! January 2015 I love this place.  This was my 3rd visit to the 9E.  The first time I went for some quiet time with just my dog and stayed in Michelle's cabin.  Such a sweet cabin, warm, relaxing, beautiful, and very comfortable!  The next 2 times I went with my mother and sister and stayed in the Daisy, as it has 2 bedrooms.  The views of the miniature donkeys, pet Longhorns, and fields were fabulous!  The cottage itself is quite charming with everything you need to have a wonderful time.  Kent and Joan are beautiful people if you choose to interact but give you all the privacy you desire.  On all 3 of my visits I never left the ranch!!  The trails throughout the ranches are beautiful and a great way to commune with nature.  Plus all the cabins have great pooches and lots of windows to enjoy the surrounding beauty.  If you want to go out, there are quite a few, nice, and fun restaurants and bars in Bastrop with live music on the weekends only 15 minutes away. Very Nice Place The wife and I spent 2 nights here a few weeks back. We couldn't have been any more satisfied.  The Eagle Nest cabin   is perfect for 2 people.  Beautiful view.  They supplied tasty muffins and coffee  It's very, quiet, and peaceful.  Maybe a 10 minute drive to Bastrop.  Both Joan & Kent were very, nice, and helpful. Eagle's Nest at the 9E December 2015 Very clean, off the beaten path cabin.  Great for a weekend away from the daily hustle. 9E Ranch Cabins Lost Pines Bastrop 2158 Highway 304, Smithville, Texas 78957,  512-497-9502, 512-663-1005 Check rates, dates and book here! 9E Ranch Cabins Lost Pine Daisy Cabin Texas Lone Star Log Cabin Michelle's Cabin Birding Eagles Nest Log Cabin Things to do Reviews of 9E Ranch Campfire at 9E Ranch Explore Bastrop Quiet Garden Joan Bohls' Art          A sushi experience        Michelle's Log Cabin     Queen bed in the loft Two single day beds downstairs Antique bath tub and shower Dog friendly with fenced area for well behaved dogs who stay off the bed ($15 per night per dog)     No TV.    Book on  Airbnb   Texas Lone Star Log Cabin Experience Texas Ranch in a log cabin with old fashoned wood burning stove, with cowboy theme. Full size built in bed downstairs; 2 twin beds in loft Full kitchen with pots, pans, dishes, coffee maker, microwave, oven/stove. Bathroom with shower. Dog friendly with fenced yard.   No TV. Stargazing nights, days of delight, an easy escape with pines, paths in nature and peaceful seclusion waiting for you.  Eagles Nest Log Cabin    Eagles Nest Cabin has breathtaking views from the magical highest hill in Bastrop County and was designed for romance and intimacy. Queen bed and sleeper sofa Antique bathtub plus shower No pets because  guests with allergies need a place to enjoy.     Airbnb 9E Ranch   Cabins Lost Pines Bastrop-  All private cabins include free internet, air conditioners/ heat, private bathroom with shower (tub in Daisy, Eagles'Nest and Michelle's)  sheets, towels, soap, shampoo, and full kitchen with microwave, stove, pots, pans and dishes, as well as coffee, tea, muffins and lots of loving care. Outside grills at all cabins to use except when on burn ban.   Two night minimum stay for best rates.   Included: great memories! Guests are invited to walk among the towering Lost Pines on the ranch, view the awesome Texas Longhorns, the horses, count the birds  and wild turkey.  Experience ForestBathing, Stargazing and feel the mystery of the  QuietGardens and ThinSpace between Heaven and Earth.  Come, relax, unwind, breath,stargaze and  dream at the 9E Ranch.          Enjoy   9E Ranch  video you tube Welcome here.     Daisy    Is o ne of the best places to stay in Bastrop County; a  cottage with stunning        views and private decks on every side located on a hill. Two bedrooms with queen beds Sleeper sofa in living room Jacuzzzi tub with shower in the and exciting outside shower! Well behaved dogs that stay off bed and furniture are welcome for $15 per night per dog.           Airbnb Check dates, rate and book here. 9E Ranch Cabins Lost Pines Bastrop 2158 Highway 304, # Smithville, Texas 78957, phone: 512-497-9502, 512-663-1005 Check rates, dates and book here. The 9 E Ranch Cabins Lost Pines Bastrop is in the Lost Pines between Bastrop and Smithville, near the small community of Rosanky. The 320 acre  ranch, next to # LaReata easy to find on Highway 304 just 10 miles from Bastrop and Highway 71. Address 2158 Highway 304, Smithville, Texas 78957. 30 minutes from Austin Bergstrom airport; 45 minutes from the # University of Texas, 10 miles from # Bastrop and # Smithville,40+ miles from #Roundtop  Round Top, 20 minutes away from # Circuit Of The Americas and F-1, near Near # Bastrop County Historical Society Museum , # BastropOperaHouse , Fishing Lake Bastrop ,# PineForestGolf , Texas Highways , #TexasCabins ,. Trip Advisor , HEB ,  C ancellation Policy-Two night minimum stay required for best rates.  ( Higher rates for shorter stays.)     There is a one night deposit  required to reserve a cabin.  Such deposit will be returned to the reserving  guest if the cabin reservation is canceled at least seven (7) days prior to scheduled arrival.  If cancellation occurs less than seen (7) days prior to scheduled arrival  then the reserving guest expressly forfeits their deposit and it will not be returned. Distillery Bastrop County Distillery Tour  Things to do in Bastrop Check dates, rates and book WSP_SC /WSP_SC 