Albion Manor & Conference Centre and Davaar Guest House | Durban Accommodation Bed & Breakfast Templates by BIGtheme NET Menu START REVOLUTION SLIDER 4.5.95 b4 fullwidth mode SLIDE 1 MAIN IMAGE LAYERS LAYER NR. 1 Click/Tap to visit: www.albionmanor.co.za LAYER NR. 2 Click/Tap to visit: www.davaar.co.za SLIDE 2 MAIN IMAGE LAYERS LAYER NR. 1 Click/Tap to visit: www.albionmanor.co.za LAYER NR. 2 Click/Tap to visit: www.davaar.co.za END REVOLUTION SLIDER Welcome to Albion & Davaar Guest Houses Your premier Durban accommodation & mini conference centre We operate two accommodation establishments, both based in Morningside, an upmarket suburb of Durban. Please read on to view the properties and facilities Albion Manor Guest House, Morningside, Durban, Kwazulu Natal This is the ideal guest house for you, with easy access to both commercial & entertainment, sporting and beach areas. With 21 comfortable, well appointed bedrooms , excellent staff, great food and competitive rates, we offer the ideal bed & breakfast accommodation, whether you’re in town for business or pleasure purposes. Across the road from the iconic & beautiful Mitchell Park and five minutes from the vibrant Florida Road, there’s plenty of interesting places to enjoy while you take some time out. Facilities include a pool, bar with pool table, braai area, dining patio & verandah, dining rooms and onsite transport services, wireless etc. Visit the website now for details. Davaar Guest House & Mini Conference Centre, Morningside, Durban, Kwazulu Natal The perfect guest house & mini conferencing center, whether a business / corporate client or tourist, the venue is very well placed. We're within five minutes of Durban's CBD and the ICC (International Conference Centre), three minutes from the entertainment hotspot, Florida Road, with restaurants, cafes & bars and 10 minutes from the glorious beaches and Golden Mile promenade. With 10 spacious & well-appointed, en suite bedrooms, 1st class conference facilities, a swimming pool, calming outdoor area and fantastic service, your search for the right establishment is over. We also have plenty of parking and great security. Contact us with any questions or to make a booking. Visit the website now for details. Albion Manor Guest House Tel: +27 (0) 31 313 9700 Email: info@albionmanor.co.za Address: 33 Nimmo Road, Morningside, Durban, 4001, South Africa Web: www.albionmanor.co.za Davaar Guest House & Conference Centre Tel: +27 (0) 31 313 9700 Email: info@davaar.co.za Address: 7 Davaar Place, Morningside, Durban, 4001, South Africa Web: www.davaar.co.za Albion Manor Website Davaar Guest House Website © 2015 Albion Manor . All rights reserved. v.2.1 Designed & Developed by HarmonyDesigns.co.za . Root element of PhotoSwipe. Must have class pswp. × Home Albion Manor Website Davaar Guest House Website 