Home - Arenal Google Tag Manager (noscript) End Google Tag Manager (noscript) Skip to content standard logo mobile logo sticky header logo Rooms and Villas Rooms & Rates Junior Suite Smithsonian Standard Room La Casona White Hawk Villa Phil’s Villa Terms and Conditions The Lodge About The Lodge Observatory Spa Restaurant “El Jilguero” Property Map Our Story Live Cam Sustainable Tourism Bird Sanctuary Blog Questions & Answers Testimonials Arenal Volcano About The Arenal Volcano Arenal Volcano National Park Observatory Museum La Fortuna Town Activities Free Activities Bird Watching Tours Tours in the Arenal Area Observation Tower “The Nest” After Arenal Multimedia Photo Gallery Video Gallery Getting Here Getting to Arenal Observatory Lodge Local Shared Shuttles Transportation to Arenal and La Fortuna Road conditions Contact Us Search for: EN ES FR Book Now Toll Free from USA and Canada: (877) 804-7732 From Costa Rica: +506 2290 7011 Home miweb 2019-07-21T20:05:53+00:00 Loading... Surrounded by the sounds of nature Close to the core! A place in harmony with nature Costa Rica´s birding hotspot Arenal Observatory Lodge & Spa Arenal Volcano National Park, Costa Rica DISCOVER  nature,  EXPLORE  the Arenal Volcano,  RELAX  in our unique destination! Treat yourself to the most stunning views of Arenal Volcano and Lake Arenal in Costa Rica at Arenal Observatory Lodge & Spa.   …Read More Book Now! Our Rooms About The Lodge Arenal / La Fortuna Our Rooms Junior Suite Our two Junior Suites are the most spacious rooms with grand views of Arenal Volcano and Lake… Smithsonian Very spacious Smithsonian Rooms all showcase huge picture windows which frame the majestic Arenal… Standard Room Spacious and comfortable Standard Rooms overlook the impressive Arenal Volcano La Casona La Casona’s five rooms are ideal for groups or individual budget travelers. It is located 500… White Hawk Villa White Hawk Villa offers peaceful surroundings and spectacular views of Arenal Volcano and Lake… Phil’s Villa Phil’s Villa is a magnificent vacation home rental located about 800 meters (0.5 miles) from the… About The Lodge Arenal Observatory Lodge Our very comfortable eco-lodge is perfectly positioned directly between the massive Arenal Volcano and deep blue Lake Arenal. No other hotel in La Fortuna, Costa Rica and the Arenal area is so close to the famous volcano and its lovely lake.   Arenal Observatory Lodge is safely located 2.7 kilometers (1.7 miles) from the south side of Arenal Volcano, but the live volcano seems so close that you could reach out and touch it. The perfectly shaped volcanic cone commands nearly every view at the hotel – from the panoramic windows of the Arenal Observatory restaurant to the main buildings and most of the guest rooms. Beautiful Lake Arenal with its many little islands stretches west into the sunset.   Resting on a ridge amid tall pine trees and luxuriant rainforest, Arenal Observatory Lodge is the only hotel that is located inside the Arenal Volcano National Park.   Eleven kilometers (7 miles) of well-maintained hiking, horseback riding and mountain biking trails wind through the Arenal Volcano hotel’s 870-acre (352-hectare) property, through the primary and secondary rainforest, past waterfalls and across verdant pastures. Plenty of wildlife lives in the area, including three kinds of monkeys, anteaters, coatis, raccoons, deer, and more than 500 species of birds – making Arenal Observatory Lodge a preferred destination for bird watching in Costa Rica.   In addition to all of the activities you can enjoy at Arenal Observatory Lodge & Spa, our Arenal hotel serves as a great base camp for adventure tours in Arenal like the Sky Trek zip lines, Sky Tram, Arenal Hanging Bridges, hot springs, whitewater rafting and more.   We invite you to stay with us, enjoy our trails and tours, hanging bridges, a refreshing swim in our pool, and relax with a massage in our Spa. Everything you want in one unique place! Read More Arenal / La Fortuna Arenal Volcano / La Fortuna Village After having lain dormant for over 400 years, Arenal Volcano erupted violently on July 29, 1968, wreaking havoc on the local population and creating a “lava-scape” for miles around its base. At the Observatory Lodge, nature is bursting at the seams. Tropical flora and fauna abound about the Arenal lodge, while the majestic volcano and its fiery outbursts reflect off the mirror lake at her feet – all this right outside your Arenal hotel room at the Observatory Lodge. Learn more about Arenal Volcano Learn more about La Fortuna Village Learn more about Arenal Volcano National Park Things to do in Arenal The Morning Walk Included with your stay at Arenal Observatory Lodge & Spa is a daily free guided walk along our .... Read More Birding Close to 900 species of birds can be found in Costa Rica, and more than 500 kinds of birds have been spotted .... Read More Spring-fed Swimming pool and Jacuzzi Our spring-fed “infinity” swimming pool, tiled in cobalt blue, melds with the surrounding rainforest .... Read More Frog Pond Especially in rainy season (May to November), the sound of frogs in the rainforest is common ...  Read More Waterfall Trail One of the most popular trails at Arenal Observatory Lodge & Spa. A short, relatively easy walk from the lodge.... Read More Saino (Peccary) Trail A paved trail of approximately 800 meters (0.5 miles) allows universal access to explore the hotel gardens  .... Read More From Our Blog Arenal Observatory Lodge & Spa 3-day Itinerary Planning how to best spend a two-night, three-day stay at the Arenal Observatory Lodge & Spa in La Fortuna, Costa Rica is no easy task. With a complimentary morning walk, two observation towers, a pool and jacuzzi, a variety of spa treatments, a historical museum, horseback riding tours, some of the best birding in the country, 7 miles (11 kilometers) of trails to explore across 870 acres (352 hectares) of property, and much more to offer, finding time for it all can seem an impossible task. Read more More Articles Arenal Volcano’s 50th Anniversary Energy Savings at The Arenal Observatory One of the Most Interesting Webcams in the World Ecological Blue Flag Award – Protected Natural Spaces Protecting Birds from Window Collisions See All Articles Testimonials We wish we could have stayed longer We just wanted to let you know how much we enjoyed our stay at Observatory Lodge. Our room was very nice with a great view just like we dreamed of. The entire staff was among the very best I have seen. The property was beautiful and we loved taking hikes around the area. We wish we could have stayed longer. It is so peaceful and beautiful there. We will definitely plan a return trip to your beautiful lodge and country. Carol and Milton Scherotter My children and I had the time of our lives My children and I had the time of our lives. The lodge was unbelievable. The volcano was so close, we were able to see it every day and night. The food was very good. Front desk staff was wonderful; they were very accommodating and bent over backwards to help. We appreciate all that they did. Lots to see and do – really just the trip of a lifetime. Thanks so much. Tara Brandly Exceptional experience The Arenal Observatory Lodge is a private paradise for hiking and truly submersing yourself in beautiful Costa Rican nature. Exceptional experience. The room had a beautiful view, pool was amazing, and there were many fun activities, and the service was great too. Keep up the good work. I would recommend this hotel. Rosetta Baldassano Just wanted to say that your lodge was amazing Just wanted to say that your lodge was amazing … beyond any accommodation we have experienced. Food, people and scenery were wonderful. The landscaping is pure beauty and the trails around the lodge are so therapeutic; please don´t change a thing. Your pool is unreal, almost like one is on the edge of the earth overlooking scenic tranquility, and the view of the volcano was mesmerizing. Toughest part was getting sleep because we didn´t want to miss anything at night. We had an amazing time and we will be back. Thank you. The Clarks Everyone was so helpful and friendly Thank you so much for giving us a wonderful memory that we truly cherish. We enjoyed our stay very much. The Arenal Observatory Lodge is the most beautiful place we have seen near Arenal Volcano. It has the best views. Everyone was so helpful and friendly. Our guide gave us a bird walk at 5:45 a.m. and he was great and knowledgeable; we saw many birds and hear their calls. Horseback riding was wonderful. I will recommend the lodge to anyone coming to Arenal. Nancy and Jack Hasegawa Certificate of Excellence 2019 fusion-row #main Toll Free from USA and Canada: (877) 804-7732 Rooms and Villas Rooms & Rates Junior Suite Smithsonian Standard Room La Casona White Hawk Villa Phil's Villa The Lodge About The Lodge Live Cam Our Story Bird Sanctuary Restaurant El Jilguero Observatory SPA Property Map Questions and Answers Sustainable Tourism Testimonials Blog Arenal Volcano About The Arenal Volcano Arenal Volcano National Park Cerro Chato Volcano Observatory Museum La Fortuna Town Activities Free Activites Bird Watching Tours Arenal Volcano Tours Observation Tower The Nest After Arenal Multimedia Photo Gallery Video Gallery Getting Here Getting To Arenal Observatory Lodge Local Shared Shuttles Transportation to Arenal and La Fortuna Road conditions Contact Us Arenal Observatory Lodge & Spa, La Fortuna, Arenal Costa Rica Toll Free: +877 804-7732 Reservations: +506 2290 7011 The Lodge +506 2479 1070 fusion-columns fusion-row fusion-footer-widget-area © 2019 Arenal Observatory Lodge & Spa. All rights reserved fusion-fusion-copyright-content fusion-row #footer fusion-footer wrapper [if IE 9]> <script type='text/javascript' src='https://www.arenalobservatorylodge.com/wp-content/themes/Avada/includes/lib/assets/min/js/general/fusion-ie9.js?ver=1'></script> <![endif] 