Aegina Hotel | Antzi Studios in Aegina Greece arrow bullet curve curve2 facebook google telephone mozaik EN FR EL +30 22970 61233 BOOK NOW HOME ACCOMMODATION Overview Standard studios Stone Building Studios Deluxe Studios RESTAURANT & BARS Overview Pool Bar Nontas Restaurant Breakfast Snack OFFERS EXPERIENCES Experiences Activities Facilities Wedding & Events LOCATION AEGINA GALLERY Charming Hotel in Aegina SCROLL DOWN Picturesque Studios in Aegina Welcome to Antzi studios in Aegina! Antzi Aegina hotel is a family run hotel, offering quality accommodation in Aigina in beautifully appointed studios and apartments. Situated in the picturesque area of Perdika, a beautiful fishermen village of Aegina island near Athens, this charming hotel enamors guests with its amazing setting.  Just 35 km from the hasty Piraeus port, you will discover the peaceful haven of Aegina, Greece, with its hospitable residents, colorful harbor and local delicacies. Antzi Aegina hotel is a tempting option for a spontaneous weekend with your loved ones, a romantic destination for a few days of peace and tranquility, a memorable stop-over when on cruise, or a long relaxing vacation in Aegina, Greece where life is easy and carefree. Picturesque Hotel near Athens In the middle of the Saronic Gulf, we invite you to discover one of the most beautiful islands near Athens, Aegina, Greece. Built initially in 1992, Antzi studios in Aegina, used to offer accommodation in studios that were part of the main building. By the year of 2003, we had built three new stone buildings, offering accommodation in beautiful and spacious apartments, with a traditional architecture that blends beautifully with the surroundings, but also manages to stand out as a very special choice of accommodation in Aegina .  Situated a mere 9 km from the port, in the picturesque fishermen village of Perdika in Aegina , Antzi hotel promises you a holiday filled with fun and relaxation. Romantic Weekend and Honeymoon in Aegina We invite you to leave all your worries behind in the city, to be spontaneous and pamper yourselves with a romantic weekend in Aegina Island , only an hour away from Athens. In Antzi Studios, you can choose amongst a variety of accommodation choices, of studios or apartments in Aigina, with pool view or a view towards the picturesque village of Perdika. You can splash around the hotel’s pool, have a drink at the pool bar or your sunbed and enjoy the Greek sun and the beautiful ambience of the most enticing island in close proximity to Athens, the beautiful island of Aegina in Greece. For a romantic island wedding without all the hassle of travelling far, Aegina Island is the ultimate   wedding and honeymoon venue . Plan an island wedding, a memorable ceremony or banquet, only an hour away from Athens and combine it with a relaxing island honeymoon. At Antzi Studios we will be happy to host the happy couple as well as their family and friends and help you plan the wedding banquet of your dreams at our very own Nontas fish restaurant, right by the sea, blending the most beautiful setting with the most delectable choices of the authentic Greek cuisine. Perdika Hotel  Antzi hotel in Aegina , is the ideal destination for your holidays. Based in the tranquil village of Perdika, our hotel offers you relaxing moments in a warm and friendly environment, a beautiful setting for long strolls by the beach and other activities as well as an exquisite Fish restaurant serving fish delicacies fresh out of our local fishermen’s nets. Experience the best that the island has to offer at one of the best Aegina island hotels! READ MORE FACILITIES & SERVICES Nontas Restaurant in Aegina VIEW ALL SERVICES ACCOMMODATION Breathtaking rooms VIEW ALL ROOMS Aegina Island READ MORE VIEW PHOTO GALLERY SPECIAL OFFERS Last minute offer! VIEW ALL OFFERS VISIT NONTAS FISH RESTAURANT CONTACT SITEMAP FOLLOW US 2016 © antzi studios. All rights reserved. web design & seo by 