Welcome to Angel House - Angel House Bed & Breakfast booking / availability 01584 891377 Angel Bank Bitterley Nr Ludlow Shropshire SY8 3HT angelhouse48@gmail.com Primary Menu Skip to content Welcome Rooms Food & Drink Location Prices Attractions Gallery Testimonials Contact Us #masthead Welcome to Angel House .entry-header If you are planning a stay in the countryside we hope we can tempt you to the, often unknown, delights of Shropshire. If you are looking for a leisurely break, would like to take in the fresh air and beauty of the countryside or are tempted by the great eating places in Ludlow then come and spend a few days at Angel House, in an area of outstanding natural beauty. We could tell you lots of great things about our B&B and staying in Shropshire but perhaps the best judges are previous guests who have ensured we are the top B&B in Ludlow on Trip Advisor and have been for over 2 years. .entry-content #post-## Rooms & Facilities We have two large en-suite bedrooms, comfortable and well equipped for all your needs CONTINUE READING... Location Halfway up Clee Hill on Angel Bank, Bitterley you will find yourself in an area of outstanding natural beauty at the heart of South Shropshire. There are numerous walks with outstanding views across several counties in addition to the “Heavenly views...” CONTINUE READING... Food & Drink This is your break so we aim to provide the choice of breakfast you would like, rather than a restricted menu at a set time. If you have a special diet or particular requirements let us know when you book so we can be sure of meeting your needs. CONTINUE READING... Who we are Take a look inside Angel House with our exclusive YouTube video, giving you a feel for who we are and what Angel House has to offer. WATCH NOW... Photo Gallery Talk to us Like us on Facebook Trip Advisor Reviews Testimonials A lovely discovery. Total comfort and pleasure. Alma. Sept ’14 Walkers and cyclists very welcome at Angel House Attractions Berrington Hall – National Trust The hall is one the few masterpieces of the famous architect Henry Holland to survive intact. Ludlow Castle The finest of medieval ruined castles set in glorious Shropshire countryside. Severn Valley Railway Travel through 16 miles of beautiful Shropshire and Worcestershire scenery. #content #primary #main-content Angel House Bed & Breakfast Angel Bank Bitterley Nr Ludlow Shropshire SY8 3HT T: 01584 891377 angelhouse48@gmail.com Rooms Prices Terms Contact Us Copyright © 2014 Site by PerfectArc    |   Video by Sam Johnson of The Visuals Team. .site-info #colophon #page Start Of Script Generated By cforms v14.6 [Oliver Seidel | www.deliciousdays.com] End Of Script Generated By cforms 