Accommodation in Milos Island | Deluxe Studios in Milos | Apartments in Milos Islands | Milos | Greece art studios - suites   Art Deluxe Studios Art Deluxe Suites Art Classic Studios amenities   Awards location   Sarakiniko Beach Location of Adamas Milos Beaches things to do   Rent your Car - Scouter - Quad authentic hospitality gallery contact reservations +30 6947074806 agerimilos@gmail.com Adamas Milos P.C. 84800, Milos, Greece Ageri Milos Home Art Studios - Suites Art Deluxe Studios Art Deluxe Suites Art Classic Studios Amenities Awards Location Sarakiniko Beach Location of Adamas Milos Beaches Things to do Rent your Car - Scouter - Quad Authentic Hospitality More Gallery Contact Book Now Book Now WhatsApp We are very proud of achieving No 1 in Tripadvisor for 2017, in Greece. Our efforts made us the best among thousands of complexes and the only way for you to find out why is by visiting us THIS summer! Â  WhatsApp - Directly Contact - Details 24h - Photos- Reservations as well Our fully renovated (2017 - 2018) Ageri Art Suites & Studios in MILOS ISLAND is a small and beautiful family home complex located in Adamas .Â  Milos Island is one of the most colorful and picturesque islands in Greece .Â  Ageri Art Suites & Studios is ideal for families, groups and couples (especially just married). It's located only 5 minutes from the center of Adamas , in an extremely quiet location .Â In our complex you can enjoy the simplicity and characteristics of the Aegean and Cycladic architecture combined with the latest facilities. Our extensive experience in tourism for more than 20 years alongside theÂ Greek reputation in hospitality, will provide you an unforgettable experience.Â We aim to provide you an amazing accommodation in our island! See you there!!! AGERI ART SUITES & STUDIOS Â |Â  Adamas Â |Â  Milos Island Â  Review of Ageri-Milos Reviewed 31 May 2017 Three words that are in harmony - Milos Island & Nicholas. We booked Ageri-Milos 6 months prior to arriving. It was only 3 nights prior to departing Australia that we read about Ageri on Trip Advisor. One only has to stay one night to appreciate why Ageri-Milos is No 1 on Trip Advisor on the island of Milos. We had 7 nights of Nicholas's hospitality. Not only did Nicholas organise our hire car, but on our arrival my wife travelled with Nicholas, while I drove behind, showing my wife the "where's and why's" of Adamas - beyond expectations. Then the chilled bottle of wine. First day was the 8 hour sail tour around the island - highly recommended prior to endeavouring to explore Milos. And then Nicholas would tell us which of the beaches were best due to the light winds. Also he would inform us on the right roads to use, the better of the restaurants, sights to see that we would not have found ourselves. The evenings sitting outside with other guests (who cooked pizzas) and Nicholas providing the Greek food and Ouzo. Our room was excellent in every way. Third floor with a balcony overlooking the water - we wasted many hours on this balcony at night. Only a couple of minutes walk from the town centre. Excellent value for your dollar (or Euro). Milos is a paradise for lovers with over 70 beaches. Add Nicholas with his enthusiasm from the heart (not from his wallet), and his family, and you have the perfect combination of a dream holiday on Milos. Nicholas - thank you, from our hearts, on your friendship towards us, and other guests that were there, we will never forget you. Scarfa and Sue Wollongong. Australia. read more read less Art Studios - Suites vieaw all Art Deluxe Studios People: 2 Adults Bed/s: 1 Kinf Size Double Bed view this room Art Deluxe Suites People: 3-6 Adults Bed/s: 2 King Size Beds and 1 Hand crafted build- in Sofa view this room Art Classic Studios People: 2-3 adults Bed/s: 1 Double Bed view this room VISIT OUR HOTEL art studios - suites rent your car - scouter - quad sarakiniko beach things to do location of adamas milos beaches authentic hospitality Ageri Milos Ageri Milos, Adamas Milos T.K. 84801, Milos, Greece Mobile: Â +30 6947074806 Manager: Nikolas Koufos Email: Â  agerimilos@gmail.com Adamas Milos P.C. 84800, Milos, Greece agerimilos@gmail.com +30 6947074806 +30 6947074806 Stay connected with us Subscribe to our newsletter for more news and offers All rights reserved www.ageri-milos.gr 2018 | Created by ACCOMMODATIONS IN MILOS   