Hotel Dover England UK - Guest house offers Non-Smoking bed and breakfast accommodation in Dover Kent England UK - cheap ferry tickets and airport transfers Hotel Dover England UK - Guest house offers Non-Smoking accommodation in Dover Kent - cheap ferry tickets, airport transfers. St Albans Guest House, Dover Welcome to Quality Affordable Accommodation in White Cliffs of Dover Country - England...   CHECK PRICES / AVAILABILITY ONLINE BOOKING WITH INSTANT CONFIRMATION   3 star guest accommodation Victorian guest house built in 1869, we offer accommodation for people on the move.  All rooms en-suite, non smoking, with a range of facilities including free WIFI internet access, Double & Twin rooms from £45, Singles from £35. For your convenience we're town centre located directly opposite Dover Priory railway station, perfectly situated for the ferry port, cruise terminal, the White Cliffs, historical attractions, breakfast cafes and restaurants, and just a short 10 minute drive to the Channel Tunnel. Taxi services to Dover port operate from Dover Priory train station .     a visit to remember...   LINKS >> ROOMS & RATES | HOW TO FIND US | LINKS TO OTHERS | ACCESS STATEMENT   Walk on the famous White Cliffs of Dover, smell the clean fresh sea air, spend a day at Dover Castle and explore the Secret Wartime Tunnels. Visit the Dover museum bronze age ship (the oldest sea boat in the world), also the unused Napoleonic Fortress, the Roman Painted House, the Viking Trail and a Templar church ruin. Take a tour to see enchanting castles: Walmer & gardens, Deal, Leeds, Canterbury Cathedral (a walled city) or a private tour of our picturesque countryside. Include a harbour boat trip to see the white cliffs & visiting cruise ships, or hire a cycle and do your own sight seeing. Play golf at the famous Royal St Georges golf course in Sandwich, Kent. So Much to do & see in Kent the garden of England... St Albans Guest House - 71 Folkestone Road, Dover, Kent, England, CT17 9RZ.     Copyright © St Albans Guest House. All rights reserved.       Hotel Dover England UK - Guest house offers Non-Smoking bed and breakfast accommodation in Dover Kent England UK - cheap ferry tickets and airport transfers Website by Lloyd Martin 