B&B Bexhill | Arden House Bed and Breakfast Accommodation in Bexhill Arden House Bed And Breakfast Bexhill-on-Sea 01424 225068 info@ardenhousebexhill.co.uk Home Our Rooms House-keeping Book Online Breakfast Breakfast Menu Close Attractions Our Gallery Reviews Special Offers More Find Us Get In Touch Credit Card Free Parking Wifi Gay Friendly Arden House Bed and Breakfast Bexhill-on-Sea Arden House B&B enjoys a central but quiet position in the seaside town of Bexhill-on-Sea, East Sussex. We are situated close to Bexhill sea-front with its famous De La Warr Pavilion . Bexhill town centre and railway station are also within a few minutes walk. We are situated on Manor Road, which is quiet and has ample parking. Many of our guests have remarked on the relaxed and elegant ambiance of Arden House. All of our rooms have well-stocked refreshment trays, flat-screen TVs and a good wi-fi signal. Guests can also enjoy spring water, which is freely available from our water cooler. Breakfast is served in the conservatory overlooking our mature enclosed garden. The menu features locally produced bacon, sausages, and eggs as well as vegetarian and fish options. The lounge, conservatory, and garden are open to guests until 6 p.m. Smokers are welcome but smoking is not permitted inside the B&B. Smokers are free to use either the front or back garden. Please feel free to contact us if you have any questions or would like further information. Selection of Our Rooms See Room Double with en-suite shower room Comfortably furnished with pleasant seating area.Feather duvet and pillows. Non-allergenic alternatives available. Heating fully adjustable with versatile lighting. Hospitality tray provided. This room looks out over the old tram-turning circle of Manor Road. Wi-Fi Tea and Coffee Maker Toiletries En-Suite Shower Hair Dryer Iron and Ironing Board See Room Double with En-suite and Garden View Overlooks the enclosed rear garden. Comfortably furnished with pleasant seating area.Feather duvet and pillows. Non-allergenic alternatives available. Heating fully adjustable with versatile lighting. Hospitality tray provided. Wi-Fi Tea and Coffee Maker Toiletries En-Suite Shower Hair Dryer Iron and Ironing Board See Room Double with Private Bathroom and Garden View Comfortably furnished with pleasant seating area.Feather duvet and pillows. Non-allergenic alternatives available. Heating fully adjustable with versatile lighting. Hospitality tray with fresh milk provided. Hair dryer, fan and flat-screen TV also provided. Wi-Fi Bathrobes Tea and Coffee Maker Toiletries En-Suite Hair Dryer Reviews Hear what people say! Click above to read our latest reviews. Contact Us Get in touch with us now with our contact form! Arrival / Departure Check in:4:00pm - 8:00pm Check out:10:30am. Latest Reviews Clean, comfortable and welcoming with good attention to detail. - Lester D Not my first stay but one of many. Very clean and well presented with a superb breakfast freshly prepared to order.Easily the best top end B&B I have ever stayed in. - Norman S My husband and I have just spent 4 nights at Arden House. If you’re looking for somewhere comfortable and quiet twhere the owners pay every attention to detail then this is the place. The room was warm, the bed comfy and everything was provided to make our stay enjoyable. Then there’s the breakfasts with an excellent choice and all well prepared and presented. If you’re visiting Bexhill this really is the place to stay. Thank you Martin and Peter. - Rose R Our Address Arden House Bed And Breakfast 28 Manor Road Bexhill-On-Sea TN40 1SP 01424 225068 info@ardenhousebexhill.co.uk © Copyright 2019 - Hotel Website Powered by Queensborough Group Home Our Rooms House-keeping Book Online Breakfast Breakfast Menu Close Attractions Our Gallery Reviews Special Offers Find Us Get In Touch Privacy Policy 