 Bed and Breakfast in Key West, FL | Andrews Inn - Bed and Breakfast in Key West, FL | Andrews Inn Background Image Root Container Banner Unmatched Location Happiest Happy Hour in Town Champagne Breakfast Laze By The Pool Laid Back Comfort Unforgettable Moments Main Menu Home Accommodation Rooms at the Main Inn Vacation Rentals Compare Rooms Policies Book Online About Us Amenities Location/Directions Contact Green Lodging Island Activities Concierge Service Key West Special Events Gallery Content Normal page content It is good to have an end to journey toward; but it is the journey that matters, in the end… Ernest Hemingway Andrews Inn is a superbly situated tropical boutique guesthouse where time slows in tune with the island’s relaxed essence. You will find us in the very heart of the famous historic Old Town Key West, down a shady lane just off Duval Street and bordering on the Hemingway House. The magical Key West sites, iconic restaurants and bars, art galleries, quirky shops and beaches are just a short walk or bike ride away. Our shimmering pool nestled amongst a tropical garden makes for a relaxing retreat in a vibrant neighborhood. Enjoy a laidback breakfast served alfresco including a selection of warm and cold delights, as well as traditional Key West champagne cocktails. In the afternoon, chill out by the pool with a complimentary pre-dinner drink. We proudly carry-forward decades-old tradition of a complimentary happy hour which has earned Andrews Inn the title of the “happiest happy hour in town”. Other wonderfully hospitable touches include free ice tea, citrus water, snacks and fruit. We also offer free parking and concierge services. Andrews Inn is proud to carry a TripAdvisor Certificate of Excellence, a Two-Palm Designation in Florida’s Green Lodging Program as well as a TripAdvisor GreenLeader. Andrews Inn offers 6 guestrooms and an off-site self-catering vacation house. All guestrooms include air conditioning, fans, free high speed wi-fi, flat screen LCD TVs, bar fridges and luxurious amenities. Each room stays true to the traditional Key West design, having laid-back, Bahamian feel enriched by local artwork. You will find yourself completely at ease staying at the Andrews Inn with your accommodating hosts making sure that your stay is a memorable one.   Check Rates and Availability Travelers’ Reviews for Andrews Inn & Garden Cottages on BedandBreakfast.com end content Footer Content Contact Info Michael and Albena Dana 0 Whalton Lane, Key West, Florida 33040 Phone: Toll Free: (888) 263-7393 Local: (305) 294-7730 Email: info@AndrewsInn.com Contact Form Name: Email: Subject: Message: Thank you. We have received your message and will contact you back shortly. Something went wrong. Please contact us via email or phone. We truly apologize for the inconvenience. Google Translator Translate to: Arabic Bulgarian Catalan Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Croatian Czech Danish Dutch English Filipino Finnish French German Greek Hebrew Hindi Indonesian Italian Japanese Korean Latvian Lithuanian Norwegian Polish Portuguese Romanian Russian Serbian Slovak Slovenian Spanish Swedish Ukrainian Vietnamese Powered by Google Translate . Footer Bar   Copyright Andrews Inn . end wrapper end root container 