Athens Tours by Locals & Authentic Greece Trips | Alternative Athens Google Tag Manager (noscript) End Google Tag Manager (noscript) contact us toggle navigation EN English FR Français In Athens Beyond Athens Corporate Travel & Events tailor made tours about us contact city tours acropolis & mythology tours food tours kids & family activities local experiences nightlife tours day trips from athens multi-day excursions about us our team in the media contact us experience local life, travel differently in athens or beyond athens As featured in Welcome to Alternative Athens! Εxplore local life and venture off the beaten path to discover the authentic side of Greece with our top-rated tours and experiences. in athens athens city tours explore acropolis & mythology tours explore athens food tours explore kids & family activities in athens explore local experiences explore athens nightlife tours explore beyond athens Delphi out of the ordinary Explore Mycenae and Nafplio out of the ordinary Explore A Dazzling Day Trip to Hydra Explore Wonders of Mainland Greece: Delphi & Meteora Tour Explore See more tailor made tours Private itineraries, fully customized and impeccably delivered! Based on your interests and you travel needs, we’re here to make sure you enjoy every step you take and every little detail we show you. explore Trending now the neighborhoods of athens Come with us around this very old modern city, and see how it evolved into one of Europe’s most interesting urban spaces. See Athens the way Athenians see it, beautiful and yet often messy. We won't just show you the city; we will share it with you, in the true tradition of Greek hospitality. COUNT ME IN! It must have been at the end of middle school when I discovered graffiti, although my fascination with drawing and the arts had been with me a lot longer. My new hobby began stealing ‘precious’ time I could have used for studying for school. ... Niko a.k.a. Rude Guide Meet our team Awards & Accolades Testimonials "We had a blast with Andreas! He was incredibly friendly, insightful, outgoing, and answered our tons of questions that came up about what life is like in Athens today. He truly made you feel like a friend." AliasMil "My children are avid Percy Jackson fans, obsessed with Greek gods and myths, so seeing where the stories had come from was a real highlight for them. And then there were the turtles in the cemetery.... seriously!" Claire C "A night you won’t forget! Loved the different hidden treasures around the city serving up delicious Greek food and brilliant cocktails surrounded by the amazing nightlife. Our guide, Andreas was friendly and so much fun. This is something not to be missed!" Sa_banduk - TripAdvisor Signup to our newsletter Follow us Find us on facebook Find us on twitter Find us on instagram about us our team in the media contact In Athens city tours acropolis & mythology tours food tours kids & family activities local experiences nightlife tours Beyond Athens Corporate Travel & Events tailor made tours ©2012-2019 Alternative Athens - All Rights reserved. Terms & Conditions - Privacy Policy Handcrafted by Radial 