Arab Lanka Tours & Travels |Tour operators Sri Lanka |Tours to sri lanka |Visit to sri lanka |Tours and travel |Best for travel | srilanka Home Arab Lanka Tours & Travels About Sri Lanka Pearl of Indian Ocean Tourist Map Tourguide Of Sri Lanka Hotels Your Stay at Sri Lanka Video gallery Videos to Inspire Company profile See What We Do Contact Us May We Help You? Skype 'My status' button http://www.skype.com/go/skypebuttons Explore Message From CEO We love luxury and style at Arab Lanka Travel, but we also love to engage with our destination. If that means the odd bumpy road or eccentric hotel in order to see something truly special, that’s fine by us. Most of our clients agree (they know that luxury isn’t far away, after all), and for those that don’t, we are happy to arrange super-luxe holidays from start to finish. All over Sri Lanka – from Jaffna to Galle, from Colombo to Yala – we know the most charming privately-owned hotels, the best secret beaches, the lushest greenery tea estates, the prettiest palaces and the fattest, happiest elephants for bespoke safaris. We know the best textile buffs, the greediest foodies and the loveliest places to drink a cup of Ceylon tea or coffee in the moonlight. Of course we do. We go back to our destinations all the time, hungry to learn more. We have one goal: to make our clients feel like they are the luckiest people on earth. M I M Haniffa (Abu Omar), Founder and Managing Director of Arab Lanka Tours & Travels Fast Facts About Sri Lanka Fast Facts About Sri Lanka Population: 21.1 million Land area: 24,996 sq mi; total area: 25,332 sq mi Currency: Sri Lankan Rupee Capital: Kotte Literacy: 91.2% Languages: Sinhala 74%, Tamil 18%, other 8%; English is commonly used, 3 out of 20 people are literate in Arabic History: Dates back to 2600 years and is the centre of many UNESCO world heritages Main trades: Ceylon tea, gems, rubber, herbs and spices, garments, traditional ayruveda and treatments Life expectancy: 74.72 years Drives on the: left 13°C Temperature 13°C Temperature The climate in Sri Lanka is generally tropical, but the heat of the lowlands is modified by the chilly coastal breezes. The highlands are cold and cosy. The southwest and northeast monsoons bring short, heavy showers to Sri Lanka several times a day throughout the year. Sri Lanka’s climate means that it is always the ‘right’ season somewhere in the island. The weather doesn’t follow strict rules, though – an assured 13°C temperature is avaiable anytime of the year in the hill countries, especially Nuwara Eliya. Facebook Gallery Indulge Contact Information   Hanif (Abu Omar)   94 776 122 388 / 94 727 496 203   34 3/1, 3rd Floor, Galle Road, Dehiwala, Sri Lanka    hanif@arablankatt.com Weather Update Open the door to an insider’s view of Sri Lanka. We’ll take you deep into Kandy, revealing its wonders from imperial city to modern metropolis. We’ll introduce you to the scenic beauty and welcoming spirit of the Hikkaduwa shores, and immerse you in Colombo's fascinating fusion of traditional and urban life. All over Sri Lanka – from Jaffna to Galle, from Colombo to Yala – we know the most charming privately-owned hotels, the best secret beaches, the lushest greenery tea estates, the prettiest palaces and the fattest, happiest elephants for bespoke safaris. We know the best textile buffs, the greediest foodies and the loveliest places to drink champagne in the moonlight. There’s an exciting array of first class and at leisure guided holidays. Wherever we take you throughout Sri Lanka, it promises to be an unforgettable journey filled with unique insider experiences beyond anything you could do on your own. Spotlight Destinations The Last Kingdom Kandy Venue of the Kandy Perehara Temple of the Sacred Tooth Relic Market of traditional arts and crafts Hub of gem stones Peradeniya botanical gardens - largest garden in Sri Lanka Fortress in the Sky Sigiriya UNESCO world heritage site Ruins of a 5th century palace Rock paintings of frescoes depicting female figures Lion gate on the entrance of the palace Water gardens at the bottom Little England Nuwara Eliya 2000m above sea level Heart of the tea industry English style bungalows and buildings Strawberry farms and many fresh fruit and vegetable farms Surrounded by lush tea plantations and waterfalls Majestic Wilderness Yala Second largest national park in Sri Lanka Opportunity to see herds of elephants, leopards and an array of other animals, including reptiles and birds A safari here is an essential part of the visit to the island Dolphin Island Kalpitiya Fishing community Choose the evening meal straight from the fresh catch! Dolphin and whale watching The Dutch Fort and St Peter's Kerk church Leisurely boat rides up the lagoon Canoe trips down the river 4WD jeep rides along the isolated sand dunes Buzz City Colombo Capital city of Srilanka Close to million inhabitants National museum Pettah bazaar Red mosque Galle Face grounds Luxury shopping arcades 1 2 Image Gallery Accreditation 1. Approved by the Government of Sri Lanka. Government Registered Number: WA98209 2. Approved by the Aviation Authority Connect With Us Built by Sync By The Factory 