Welcome - Anemone Holidays Anemone Holidays Home Book Now Buy Your Holiday Extras Arrange Travel Insurance Book Car Hire Online About Us Cyprus Hotels Ayia Napa Hotels Larnaca Hotels Limassol Hotels Paphos Hotels Protaras Hotels Pissouri Hotels Troodos Greece Hotels Spetses Hotels Vanas Hotel Car Hire & Extras Holiday Car Hire Holiday Extras Travel Insurance Useful Holiday Links Contact Anemone Holidays Facebook end dropdown-holder end top-wrapper end rev-slider-header Anemone Holidays – Specialist Holidays To Cyprus, Greece & Worldwide Operating since 1988 Anemone Holidays is a specialist Tour Operator to Cyprus and selected places of Greece, such as Athens , Aegina , Agistri , Spetses , Porto Heli , Poros , Halkidiki , Santorini , Classical Tours, fly drive programmes and Dubai as well as many other world wide destinations under our ABTA retail licence. Choose Anemone Holidays – Safe, Secure, Trustworthy Book with confidence. We are Member of ABTA which means you have the benefit of ABTA’s assistance and Code of Contact. We provide financial protection for you money when you buy a package holiday. If you buy other travel arrangements such as accommodation only this protection doesn’t apply. As per ATOL Standard Term 1 .”Many of the flights and flight-inclusive holidays (on this website) are financially protected by the ATOL scheme.But ATOL protection does not apply to all holiday and travel services listed (on this website). Please ask us to confirm what protection may apply to your booking. If you do not receive at ATOL Certificate then the booking will not be ATOL protected. If you do recieve an ATOL Certificate but all the parts of your trip are not listed on it, those parts will not be ATOL protected. Please see our booking conditions for the for information, or for more information about fincancial protection and ATOL certificate go to www.atol.uk/ATOLCertificate ” Operating since 1988 Anemone Holidays is a specialist Tour Operator to Cyprus and selected places of Greece, such as Athens , Aegina , Spetses , Poros, Halkidiki, Santorini, Mykonos, Agistri , Classical Tours, fly drive programmes. vc_grid start vc_grid end Specialising in the following selected holiday locations in Greece… Athens, Aegina, Agistri, Spetses, Poros, Paros, Halkidiki, Mykonos, Ketalonia, Santorini, Lemnos, Samos, Patmos, Ikaria, Corfu, Paxos, Lefkas, Naxos, Meganissi, Ithaca, Zakynthos, Parga, The Pelion, The Peloponnese, Tolon, Hydra, Skiathos, Skopelos, Alonissos, Crete, Andros, Naxos, Amorgos, Rhodes, Kastellorizo, Lipsi, Tilos, Symi, Halki Worldwide & European Holiday Destinations We don’t just stop there. Call us now for Italy, Spain, France and the rest of Europe. Also Dubai and the rest of the Middle East. Australia, New Zealand, Asia, India, North & South America, USA, Carribbean, Indian Ocean – Maldives and Mauritius, Africa. Travel Advice Guidelines For the latest travel advice from the Foreign & Commonwealth Office including security and local laws, plus passport and visa information, check www.gov.uk/foreign-travel-advice . end main-content-padding end main-content end content-container end page-content Contact Anemone Holidays Anemone House, 109 Myddleton Road London, N22 8NE Tel: 0208 889 9207 / Fax: 0208 888 3955 Email: bookings @anemone.co.uk end bottom_1 Quick Links Access Flight Booking Agean Check-in BA Check-in Emirates Check-in Blueair Check-in easyjet Check-in end bottom_3 end bottom_4 end bottom-content-padding end bottom end bottom-bg Terms & Conditions   |   Privacy Policy   |  Copyright ©2011 Anemone Holidays & Travel Ltd | Design By Exceed Media Ltd Anemone Holidays is a member of ABTA - Association of British Travel Agents No. W1038 and ATOL - Civil Aviation Authority No. 3577 The air holidays and flights on this website are ATOL Protected by the Civil Aviation Authority. ATOL protection extends primarily to customers who book and pay in the United Kingdom. Click on the ATOL logo if you want to know more. Our ATOL number is ATOL 3577. Back to Top end footer-bg end wrapper-1 Custom Facebook Feed JS 