Home - Achnabobane Farmhouse, Bed and Breakfast in Spean Bridge Achnabobane Farmhouse Highlands and Islands. Spean Bridge. Inverness-shire. PH34 4EX 01397 712 919 enquiries@achnabobane.co.uk Home Our Rooms Book Online About Us Close Attractions Our Gallery More Reviews Special Offers Terms and Conditions Spain Apartment Find Us Get In Touch BOOK NOW Welcome to Achnabobane Farmhouse An ideal central base Welcome to Achnabobane Farmhouse An ideal central base Welcome to Achnabobane Farmhouse An ideal central base Welcome to Achnabobane Farmhouse An ideal central base Welcome to Achnabobane Farmhouse An ideal central base Home Welcome To Achnabobane Farmhouse From our vantage point, we look right out onto Ben Nevis, Aonach Mor and the Gray Corries. The location of Achnabobane Farmhouse provides an ideal central base for exploring The Highlands to best advantage. Even journeys covering the length and breath of Scotland can be achieved from Achnabobane - with plenty of time to spend when you get to your chosen destination, within reason of course. Previous guests have travelled as far north as Thurso and Castle of Mey and even across to Edinbugh, although they do admit the Islands, except Skye, are a little more tricky to 'do' in a day! Or take the Road to the Isles (A830) northwest from Fort William to end at the fishing port of Mallaig. This is one of Scotland's most scenic routes, with both road and the famous West Highland Steam railway (of Harry Potter fame) running through a region of rugged grandeur. An absolute 'Must' for any Motorcyclist. Along the way, why not stop off at Glenfinnan where the monument commemorates Bonnie Prince Charlie's uprising stands in a setting of incomparable scenic beauty. Opposite Loch Sheil and the monument, is the now famous multi-arched Glenfinnan Viaduct of Harry Potter fame. Further on the great mountains give way to an equally stunning coastline around Arisaig and beyond. The beautiful White Sands of Morar that featured in the film Local Hero, are yet another draw to this spectacular region. Alternatively, you can simply chill out and enjoy the local area, famed for its wide variety of outdoor pursuits, wildlife and numerous attractions and places of interest to see. Some of the things we can do... Secure Private parking Limited Drying Facilities Limited free Wi-Fi, limited because walls 1 metre thick granite Guest Lounge with TV &Sky Satellite Well Behaved Children over age of 6 yrs, are welcome Pets by prior arrangement (small fee) Pick up/Drop off transport available on request (small fee) All Major Credit/Debit cards accepted Motorcycle Friendly (safe, secure, off-road tar-mac car park) Selection of Our Rooms View all our Rooms here Single Room 1st floor Standard single bed room. South facing with views out to the Nevis Mountain Range. Vanity unit. Shared bathroom on same floor. Bath/Shower combination. price / £45.00 BOOK NOW Family En-suite Room Consists of a double King bed with interconnecting doors leading to a single bed room with shower en-suite. Both rooms have independent access to the hallway. Ground floor room. No facilities for an extra bedor 'double up' in either single or double room Suitable for disabled with minor mobility issues. price / £135.00 BOOK NOW Double Room 1st floor Standard Double bed room. Vanity unit. South facing with views out to the Nevis Mountain Range. On a good day it is possible to see Ben Nevis clearly. Shared bathroom on same floor with shower/bath combination. price / £90.00 BOOK NOW CALL US We look forward to hearing from you! 01397 712 919 CONTACT US CALL US We look forward to hearing from you! 01397 712 919 CONTACT US OUR ADDRESS Highlands and Islands, Spean Bridge, PH34 4EX FIND US OUR ADDRESS Highlands and Islands, Spean Bridge, PH34 4EX FIND US BOOK ONLINE Check availability and book direct through our website for best prices. BOOK NOW BOOK ONLINE Check availability and book direct through our website for best prices. BOOK NOW Home Our Rooms Book Online About Us Close Attractions Our Gallery Reviews Achnabobane Farmhouse © Copyright 2019 - Hotel Website Powered by Queensborough Group , Spean Bridge, PH34 4EX 01397 712 919 enquiries@achnabobane.co.uk Privacy Policy 