Hotel in Hampton Beach New Hampshire - Ashworth by the Sea Skip to main content Live Beach Cam Reservations: 603-926-6762 Best Rate Guarantee Event Calendar Our Hotel Our History Location Amenities Contact Us Email Offers Accommodations Photos Packages Dining Breakers Restaurant and Bars Wharfside Cafe The Sandbar Rooftop Lounge Dining Special Meetings Venues Services Catering RFP Weddings & Special Events Venues Services Wedding Packages Special Events RFP Nearby Attractions eMap Event Calendar Book Now Book Ashworth by Sean Now Arrival Date Departure Date Guests Decrease Guests Increase Guests Promo Code Check Availability  Close Why Book Direct? Best Rate Guarantee High Speed Internet Rooms With Ocean Views In-Room Dining Available Facebook Twitter Instagram Pinterest Youtube Welcome to Ashworth by the Sea An All-Season Hotel on Hampton Beach Escape to New England's best-kept secret nestled right on Hampton Beach. Surrounded by awe-inspiring Atlantic views, local attractions, water sports, whale-watching, shopping, and world-class concerts, Ashworth by the Sea has been a coastal icon for more than a century. Wake up to ocean views from your private balcony, savor New England's best clam chowder and seafood at our restaurants, host a beachfront wedding or event, lounge poolside, or set out for an adventure along the coastline. The best of Hampton Beach is right here. Why Book Direct? Best Rate Guarantee High Speed Internet Rooms With Ocean Views In-Room Dining Available Rooms with the Best View Recharge in modern accommodations where you can wake up inspired by the striking view of the Atlantic Ocean and the sound of its gentle waves - all from the comfort of your oceanfront balcony.    View Our Accommodations View Our Accommodations now   Packages Seacoast Dining Package Enjoy overnight accommodations with a 3-course dinner for two at The Breakers Restaurant and Bar plus breakfast for two the next day. Book this Package Book Seacoast Dining Package Now View all Packages Seaside Bed & Breakfast Package Experience a relaxing, overnight stay in a partial ocean view room and treat yourself to a delightful breakfast in our Wharfside Restaurant. Book this Package Book Seaside Bed & Breakfast Package Now View all Packages Hampton Beach Four Legged Friend Package Bring your four-legged friend along to enjoy a stay at our pet-friendly hotel that welcomes one friend per room with a maximum of 65 pounds. Book this Package Book Hampton Beach Four Legged Friend Package Now View all Packages Spring Fling Savings at The Ashworth! Stay 2 Nights, Sunday - Thursday and pay just $109 plus tax through the end of May. Book this Package Book Spring Fling Savings at The Ashworth! Now View all Packages Top 5 Reasons to Stay With Us 1 Prime Oceanfront Location Discover a prime location at our full-service hotel overlooking the beautiful Atlantic Ocean coastline and the lively scene of Hampton Beach, just a short distance from local attractions.   2 Open Year-Round Plan ahead or plan a last minute weekend vacation with family or friends or business trip at New Hampshire's only full-service hotel that is open all year long regardless of season. 3 Live Entertainment Feel the pulsating music with our live DJ on the weekends at the Breakers Restaurant and Bar and live it up by dancing all you want every night during the summer.  4 Valet Parking Enjoy peace of mind knowing you're car is in good hands with our professional valet parking. Come and go as you wish while exploring local attractions and activities in Hampton Beach. 5 Close to Local Attractions Enjoy easy access to Hampton Beach activities and local attractions like concerts at the Casino Ballroom, whale-watching, fishing, mini-golf, and shopping for bargain deals at the Kittery Outlets.  Weddings & Special Events Make it Unforgettable Host your wedding or corporate event in a seaside setting with a coastal vibe and New England charm. Choose from over 6,000 sq. ft. of private function space and select from a variety of packages and custom catering menus with the help of our expert team. Learn More Learn More About Wedding and Meeting Spaces Dining Breakers Restaurant The Sand Bar Wharfside Have a seat and indulge in oceanside dining at the Breakers Restaurant and Bar. Sample the best clam chowder in Hampton Beach, NH and savor sizzling burgers paired with your favorite cocktails. Enjoy dancing with our live DJ at the bar. Learn More Learn More About Our Dining Restaurants Sip cocktails as you socialize among friends on our outdoor rooftop bar overlooking the coastal scene of Hampton Beach, New Hampshire. Grab a seat and order delicious apps or dishes while enjoying the calming sound of the crashing ocean waves. Learn More Learn More About Our Dining Restaurants Start the morning off right and enjoy an oceanside breakfast at the Wharfside Cafe before venturing off to explore the local coastal happenings. Fuel up with made-to-order pancakes, french toast, and omelets with your choice of veggies, meat, and cheese.  Learn More Learn More About Our Dining Restaurants Things to Do Steps from the fun View the Full Map At the Beach Outdoor Activities On the Seacoast   Have fun while swimming, plunging into water sports, deep-sea fishing, and enjoying coastal recreation.   Enjoy thrilling water slides at the nearby water park as well as whale-watching and deep-sea fishing excursions.   Explore activities and attractions like whale watching, water sports, deep-sea fishing and jet-skiing. View All Things to Do Upcoming Events 22 Jul Monday Night Movies on the Beach On Hampton Beach across from the playground, 160 Ocean Blvd,, Hampton, NH, USA, 03873 24 Jul Mike Dunbar Ashworth by the Sea, 295 Ocean Blvd., Hampton, NH, USA, 03851 24 Jul Fireworks Hampton Beach, 160 Ocean Blvd,, Hampton, NH, USA, 03874 View All Events #AshworthByTheSea by ofmealsandmen #AshworthByTheSea by szabrisk #AshworthByTheSea by kphillips713 Share your moments using #ashworthbythesea Gallery View Gallery Tradition of Hospitality Since 1912 Ashworth by the Sea 295 Ocean Boulevard , Hampton , New Hampshire 03842 View Ashworth by the Sea on Google Map Phone: (603)926-6762 Ashworth by the Sea Front Desk number [email protected] Email to Ashworth by the Sea More Information Contact Us Events Calendar Email Offers eMap Privacy Policy Site Map ADA Conformance Careers © 2019 Ashworth by the Sea. All Rights Reserved Unlock Exclusive Email Offers Sign Up and Start Saving Sign Up to Our Newsletter Now   WOW! Our best vacation ever! "I was worried after reading some less than favorable reviews. Boy was i pleasantly surprised..." -Tour782308   Back to top 