Guesthouse Harrogate, North Yorkshire - Ensuite Rooms 01423 502187 Alamah Guest House in the beautiful Spa town of Harrogate ENQUIRE Home Rooms Gallery Rates & Availability Our Area Blog Contact Us Check Availability & Book Online Alamah Guest House in the beautiful Spa town of Harrogate Menu Home Rooms Gallery Rates & Availability Our Area Blog Contact Us Welcome to the Alamah Guest House in Harrogate Your home from home in Harrogate.  Ring us for best rates. Looking for accommodation for the World Championships give us a call or email, we may have rooms for you still! hello@alamah.co.uk +44 1423 502187 Alamah - an 8 bedroom Guest House in the beautiful Spa town of Harrogate. Come and see for yourself! Judy and Sue welcome you to the Alamah Guest House. Your stay is important to us and our aim is to help you make the most of your time in our lovely home town. Built in the 1880s, our traditional Victorian town house has been a Guest House in Harrogate since the 1970s. We have ensured that the house retains many original features in our continual upgrading of our guest accommodation. We are in a great location – 2 minutes walk to Harrogate Convention Centre and only a 10 minute stroll into the unique and cosmopolitan town of Harrogate with it’s many independent shops, bars, cafés and restaurants. Arrival Time – to make the most of your stay in Harrogate you can check-in at the Alamah between midday and 9pm .  Just let us know about what time you would like to arrive by phone or email to make sure we are here to welcome you! The Turkish Baths, Harrogate Theatre and Royal Hall, not forgetting the beautiful Valley Gardens and The Stray are all within walking distance of the Alamah. We are happy to say we have a small Car Park for small cars. If you have a larger car we will provide you with a permit to park in a nearby road for all of your stay. We are very happy to welcome you as an independent traveller, with friends and family or colleagues. Why not take over the whole house for a family get together, a conference / exhibition or a reunion for up to 10 guests. Speak to us on 01423 502187 about Whole House Exclusive Use. Please View Our Access Statement Overlay Wrapper Overlay Wrapper Closed Overlay Wrapper Overlay Wrapper Closed Overlay Wrapper Overlay Wrapper Closed pagination Our Rooms - call us to discuss your requirements and Book Direct for best rates on 01423 502187 We have 8 rooms all with Ensuite Shower Rooms arranged over 2 floors (no ground floor bedrooms). 1 Standard Single 1 Cosy Single 2 Cosy Doubles 2 Twins 1 King Size 1 Double or Twin (not a Super-King!) All rooms have free Wi-Fi, kettle and a generous hospitality tray, flat screen tv, hairdryer and alarm clock with USB charging points. We provide complimentary Duck Island toiletries – shampoo, body wash, hand soap and moisturiser. Overlay Wrapper Overlay Wrapper Closed Overlay Wrapper Overlay Wrapper Closed Overlay Wrapper Overlay Wrapper Closed Overlay Wrapper Overlay Wrapper Closed Overlay Wrapper Overlay Wrapper Closed Overlay Wrapper Overlay Wrapper Closed Overlay Wrapper Overlay Wrapper Closed Overlay Wrapper Overlay Wrapper Closed Overlay Wrapper Overlay Wrapper Closed Overlay Wrapper Overlay Wrapper Closed Overlay Wrapper Overlay Wrapper Closed Overlay Wrapper Overlay Wrapper Closed Harrogate Don’t miss out! There is so much to see and do in Harrogate and the surrounding area. Don’t leave Harrogate without visiting . . . . The Valley Gardens, The Turkish Baths, The Theatre, The Royal Hall, the RHS Gardens at Harlow Carr.  Not forgetting Harrogate’s independent shops, bars, cafés and restaurants. Plan time to explore further afield with 2 fabulous National Trust properties nearby – Fountains Abbey and Brimham Rocks, castles, cathedrals and minster, market towns and picturesque villages One visit is never enough! Overlay Wrapper Overlay Wrapper Closed Overlay Wrapper Overlay Wrapper Closed pagination Rates & Availability Direct Booking Rates - not available on-line, phone or email for these prices On the First Floor: Cosy Single Room from £55 per night Single Room from £58 per night Twin Room from £85 per night Cosy Double Room from £75 per night King Room from £90 per night On the Top Floor: Cosy Double Room from £75 per night Twin Room from £85 per night Double or Twin Room from £90 per night (not a Super-King) All rooms have ensuite shower rooms and prices include breakfast, Wi-Fi and parking. Whole House Bookings – 2 nights minimum stay. Ring us on 01423 502187 to discuss your requirements and rates. Check Availability & Book Online Latest News Harrogate Royal Hall Open Days in May If you can fit in a visit to our Royal Hall you’ll be in for a treat! Royal Hall Open Days Your chance to explore this stunning Edwardian Theatre… 8th & 22nd May | Royal Hall Read More → What’s On in May (over the road at Harrogate Convention Centre / Royal Hall)! Harrogate Male Voice Choir A celebration of 50 years of singing. Sat 11th May | Royal Hall The Vamps The Vamps bring their Four Corners Tour to Harrogate Convention Centre in 2019 Fri 17th May | Auditorium Casino Royale In Concert The big screen accompanied by the full force of The Hallé Symphony Orchestra Thurs 30th May | Auditorium Read More → Here’s an Easter Weekend Offer 2019 just for you! Harrogate is lovely at any time of the year, but particularly inviting in Spring. Why not spend a few days unwinding from your hectic lives absorbing Harrogate’s elegant atmosphere and let us look after you at the Alamah Guest House? We still have some availability for the Easter weekend – give us a call on… Read More → February / March 2019 A spark of joy was ignited amongst the paint sellers of Harrogate as the Alamah Team decided a lick of paint was necessary in the continual upgrade of the Forth Bridge . . . ooops, Alamah Guest House!! Not one, not two but three areas of the house would fall prey to the Paint Brush… Read More → Welcome to our new website! March 2019 When you live and work in Harrogate and you wake up on a beautiful Spring morning there’s only one thing to do . . . . get out there and take some snaps of our lovely home town and spend some time in that sunshine, wandering the streets and taking it all in. Actually there… Read More → Contact Us Get in touch on 01423 502187 or hello@alamah.co.uk Alamah Guest House 88 Kings Road Harrogate North Yorkshire HG1 5JX England Name: Email: * Tel No: Enquiry: CAPTCHA Comments This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. .fl-page-content View Our Privacy & Cookies Policies Site by Web Design For Accommodation .fl-page-footer .fl-page Cookies This site uses cookies: View our Cookies & Privacy Policies Okay, thank you #catapult-cookie-bar 