Hotel on the Amalfi Coast | Hotel Aurora Official Site End Facebook Pixel Code +39 089 871209 Amalfi, Amalfi Coast (Italy) Home About us Location Rooms Apartments Blog Special Offers Book now A fairytale ocean-view landscape Nature meets Comfort & Relax Special Offers Your ideal Holiday Break Amalfi Coast intimacy Special Offers Start your day on the right foot The sea in a room Special Offers Check In Check out Guests 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Book Now end of hero-additional Book now Hotel on the Amalfi Coast A hotel on the Amalfi Coast, the Hotel Aurora is set in a unique location facing directly onto the beach and just a few minutes walk from the centre of Amalfi, reachable without having to climb any steps. Ideal for a relaxing, pleasant and charming vacation the hotel is situated in a peaceful and quiet area far from the traffic. Among the Amalfi hotels, Hotel Aurora offers a splendid view of the bay of Amalfi with comfortable well lit rooms  equipped with all modern amenities, some featuring a large terrace where guests can enjoy breakfast or drinks admiring the sea view. The hotel staff are courteous and always available to guests, and happy to provide information on visiting the picturesque towns and sites along the Amalfi Coast reachable by bus and/or the ferry services leaving from the nearby tourist port. LEARN MORE Rooms and apartments Discover our solutions Superior Room with Terrace Check details Standard Room with View Check details Standard Room Check details Classic Room Check details View all rooms Rates and availability The best of your vacation Magic Moments Experience the famous lemon tour of the Amalfi Coast Experience a cooking class in Amalfi The magic of an aperitif with a view in Amalfi Vacation with ease Inspired Incentives Airport Pickup Book your airport pickup and enjoy the ride Complimentary breakfast Start your day with the Amalfi Coast flavours Experiences in the spotlight Educational activities to learn about art and crafts, traditions, nature and history of Amalfi Dedicated to sea lovers Dive into the blue: get your private boat to reach the most beautifully hidden bays and beaches along the coast. What Others Say nbjerregaard77 The reason to choose Aurora is the location is perfect, the hotel itself is beautiful, clean and the breakfast is good. But we have never visited a hotel where the staff is so friendly and helpfull. Stacey A My husband and I spent three nights here for our honeymoon. The service was exceptional and everyone was beyond kind! We loved the proximity to the beach as well. A truly breathtaking experience! Churovl Amazing experience, with friendly staff! Beautiful views from the balcony rooms. The rooms were very clean (…). This hotel gives great value with a great experience and an affordable price! Book directly on our Official Website Get up to 15% discount Free WIFI, Breakfast & Welcome drink BOOK NOW What’s Up Latest Articles History of love and ceramic: Ernestine and the ceramic workshop on the Amalfi Coast Tania on HOTEL AURORA You found out about the ceramic workshop on the Amalfi Coast organised by Hotel Aurora … Read more The paper of Amalfi: visit to the paper mill Tania on EXPERIENCES ON THE COAST If you decided to travel to the Amalfi Coast, and are willing to discover all … Read more Tasting on the Amalfi Coast: all flavours of Amalfi and surroundings Tania on EXPERIENCES ON THE COAST Staying at the Hotel Aurora you will also have the opportunity to add to your … Read more View More Articles L’ hotel Aurora Amalfi offre un’accoglienza a conduzione familiare che si tramanda di generazione in generazione assicurando i valori dell’ospitalità tipici della Costa d’Amalfi. Contatti Piazzale dei Protontini, 7 - 84011 Amalfi, SA (Italy) + 39 089 871209 info@aurora-hotel.it Quick Links Home Privacy Cookie Policy Newsletter Privacy Newsletter MailChimp for WordPress v4.2.5 - https://wordpress.org/plugins/mailchimp-for-wp/ Web English Web Italiano I have read and agree to the terms & conditions Leave this field empty if you're human: / MailChimp for WordPress Plugin [if lte IE 9]> <script type='text/javascript' src='https://www.aurora-hotel.it/wp-content/plugins/mailchimp-for-wp/assets/js/third-party/placeholders.min.js?ver=4.2.5'></script> <![endif] 