Arlberg Hotel | Mt Buller TOP NAV BAR Book Online Ski Hire & Boutique Offers & Packages About Arlberg Event Calendar Contact Us Accommodation Dining & Bar Loading... Book Opening Weekend Pay for 2 nights, get the 3rd for free! All room types Valid 07.06.2019 - 12.06.2019 More details Kids Stay Free We're the only hotel on Buller to offer all season, every day. Details Snow Guarantee Enough snow to ski on or your money back. Details Ski In, Ski Out With doors opening directly on to the main ski run at the top of Bourke Street, our location is second to none for true ski in ski out, our family friendly Hotel is waiting to welcome you to your on mountain snow holiday. Nestled amongst the falling snowflakes with lots of different accommodation types including 1, 2 and 3 bedroom apartments and the famous Bourke Street luxury apartments, Balcony Kitchenettes, and motel rooms we are able to satisfy all needs. Friendly Staff Our friendly staff are here to help with all you requirements including packages, restaurant bookings, transport information and bookings, lift tickets, ski school and just some local’s information on the mountain. In the morning drop past the desk to pick up the latest snow report, grab a coffee and plan your day. Amenities, Free Wi-Fi Our Hotel has some great amenities for our guests, necessary to keep your holiday moving along, these include: In house ski, board and clothing hire with full service centre Free Wi-Fi for our in-house guests Restaurant overlooking Bourke Street open for breakfast, lunch and dinner including kids menu Pizza menu for both eat in and take away Free guest laundry Sports bar including 2 pool tables for that family friendly game Kids chill zone with bean bags, games, and movies Rooftop bar with the greatest of views over Bourke Street and beyond to the mountains Free Shuttle stop at our front door going around the village and to ski school Boutique for those forgotten items, or that souvenir to remind you of your wonderful stay Luggage storage for use before check in and after check out Guest bathroom for that last shower or to just get changed before heading off For your next snow holiday please consider the Arlberg Hotel. We specialise in packages with years of experience and we hope to be able to provide you with a quote and are happy to work with you to make your trip memorable and enjoyable. 45 Summit Road Mt Buller, VIC, Australia 3723 Phone 1800 032 380 reservations@arlberg.com.au Arlberg Management Pty Ltd ABN 56 750 928 067 