Caravan Holidays & Breaks | UK & Wales - Allens Caravans cookies Cookies on the Allens Caravans Website X We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue without changing your settings, we'll assume that you are happy to receive all cookies on the yourname website. However, if you would like to, you can change your cookie settings at any time. continue read more This nav is hardcoded - so breaking normal ul into 2 gives more control and guarantees the exact visual through old browsers Holiday Parks Residential Parks Hire & Touring Parks Find a Park About Contact Showground Brochure Events Blog Golf Facebook Twitter Search Speak To Our Experts Now 01564 792323 Start your journey Looking to own your very own holiday home or pre-owned and new park homes available for sale. Holiday Parks Residential Parks OR Browse Hire & Touring Parks HOVER FOR HOLIDAYS PARK SECTION 56 Holiday Homes Currently for Sale SLIDESHOW FOR HOLIDAYS PARK SECTION HOVER FOR RESIDENTIAL PARK SECTION 14 Residential Homes Currently for Sale SLIDESHOW FOR RESIDENTIAL PARK SECTION Caravan Holidays UK Caravan holidays have long been a favourite in the UK. Allens Caravans are the ideal choice for families, groups and individuals alike, they offer a chance to explore new places without having to miss out on all the creature comforts of home. Allens Caravans offer the best of both worlds, with eight superb caravan parks located across the heart of England and along the stunning Cardigan Bay coastline. Our luxury caravans are of the best quality and our parks are run and maintained to an excellent standard, thanks to our passionate and experienced team. Whether you want to own your own holiday home and escape whenever you feel like it or hire a holiday home to get a taster of the caravan lifestyle, Allens Caravans can cater for you.     Residential Parks UK If you are looking to relocate to a luxury park home on a permanent basis, Allens Caravans can help. We have four residential parks in the UK, all of which benefit from peaceful countryside backdrops and excellent locations. As well as offering stunning plots, quality caravans and desirable locations all of our residential parks provide you with a safe, secure and secluded rural retreat to enjoy day after day.   A family-owned company for three generations, Allens Caravans has many years of experience in the park home industry. Our passionate team of experts take pride in our caravans, our parks and the service we provide. So whether you have already made up your mind or you'd like more information, please get in touch today! read more View timeline Park Locator Let us help you find your dream holiday or residential park. Find a park Park Tours we need to put the url below Click Here Our Holiday Parks we need to put the url below Click Here The Springs... we need to put the url below Click Here Our Residential... we need to put the url below Click Here Sunbeach Holiday... we need to put the url below Click Here Park & Leisure... Events & Activities 15th Oct - 20th Oct Motorhome & Caravan Show 2019 NEC, B40 1NT, Birmingham 10:00AM 15th Oct - 20th Oct Motorhome & Caravan Show 2019 Our associations Caravan Holiday Parks Residential Caravan Parks Touring Caravan Sites & Caravan Hire Parks UK Leedons Residential Park About Us Events Blog Contact Us Request a Brochure Search Testimonials Competitions Static Caravans: A Buyer's Guide ©2019 Allens Caravans All Rights Reserved. Site by i3media. Wootton Hall, Wootton Wawen, Henley in Arden, Warwickshire B95 6EE. Allens Caravans Estates Ltd is registered in England and Wales - Reg No. 525635 Allenscaravans.co.uk is ranked 9.6 out of 10. Based on 25 user reviews. END COSMETIC WRAPPER [if gte IE 10] [endif] Google Tag Manager End Google Tag Manager Start of Zopim Live Chat Script End of Zopim Live Chat Script 