
	


		

	 	

Home	
2 Bedroom / 2 Bathroom Suite	
King Suite	
Antique Double Bedroom	
Antique Queen Bedroom	
Breakfast	
Special Packages	
Things to Do	
Directions	
Testimonials	
Rates, Availability & Reservations	
Andrea's B&B Web Site	
Contact Us	
Andrea's Bed and Breakfast Gift Certificate	
Andrea's Blog	
Visit Me on Facebook	

Andrea's Bed and Breakfast

 
Doteasy Domain Hosting
 


4286 Simcoe Street,

Niagara Falls ON Canada,

L2E 1T6

Cell/Text 905-374-4776

*Free Phone Calls or Text with Viber from all over the World.

andrea.bed@sympatico.ca

* Officially Licensed and Inspected by the City of Niagara Falls


Location! Location! Location! is the reason to plan your stay at Andrea's Bed and Breakfast. Reserve now, so you won't be disappointed. Enjoy everything that the Niagara Region has to offer near my B&B. Arrive as guests and leave as friends.

* I am so grateful for the Reviews I have received from my past Guests. It has been a pleasure getting to know everyone. Without you, I wouldn't have been operating my B&B for the past 31 years. Thank you all so much, I really appreciate it.

Andrea's Niagara Falls Bed and Breakfast offers Special Packages all year. Come indulge yourself to a Romantic Family Getaway vacation in the 2 Bedroom / 2 Bathroom Suite. " Make sure you ask about my Monthly Specials "

A quaint bed and breakfast built in 1892, located in the older, quieter Downtown area of Niagara Falls. I followed my dream and established this historic home into a B&B in 1987. ( I live in a separate section of the house, so that you have plenty of privacy in a nice safe haven ).

Whether you are on Business, Family vacation or looking for a Romantic getaway, Andrea's B&B can offer you a quiet place to relax for your vacation needs. Located one house up from River Road between the Whirlpool and Rainbow Bridges, you can enjoy a beautiful 20-minute walk along the Niagara River Gorge to the Falls, Clifton Hill, Skylon Tower, and Casinos. Only 5 blocks from the Go Transit, Via Rail and Bus Stations and simply steps away from the WEGO Shuttle Bus stop. Nearby, you will discover the Niagara Parks Trails, which is perfect for Biking, Walking, Jogging, Bird Watching or Hiking.

Enjoy a different Breakfast  each morning while you relax in the luminous front porch, garden patio in the summer or in the dining area by the warm and toasty gas fireplace in the winter months. So come and treat yourself to a pleasant stay at our welcoming B&B!

* Free High Speed WiFi , Free Breakfast , Free Parking ( Off street ), Air Conditioning, Ceiling Fans, Private & Ensuite Bath, Smoke Free, Fridge, Kettle, Microwave, Complimentary Tea & Coffee, Cable T.V. in each room plus Common Area with Fireplace. Children are welcome.

*Pickup at B&B: Wine Tours in Niagara plus Free taxi to Casa Mia Ristorante.

Andrea's News:
Things to do while visiting Andrea's B&B in Niagara Falls for 3 Nights.
Treat yourself to a Spa, Movie, Dinner, Helicopter Ride, Winery Tour, Historic Museum & Fireworks at Queen Victoria Park.
* Helicopter Ride including a Wine Tour will be a trip of a lifetime. 
* Tuesday nights Niagara Square Cineplex Discount Movies
* Hornblower Niagara Cruises at the Falls
* Free Thursday Nights at Historic Niagara Falls Museum
* Paint Nite Niagara & Drink Creatively 
Drink. Paint. Party! We host painting events at local bars. Come join us for a Paint Nite Party!.
* Adventure Rooms Niagara Falls
* Escape Rooms Niagara
* Axe Throwing 
* $30 Dinner Voucher for Date Night at Carpaccio's or Mama Mia's Restaurants

 


	
Go Train, WEGO Shuttle Bus, Spa treatments, Wine Tours, Bike Rental, Fishing, Boating, Bird Watching, Golfing, Hiking, Theatres, Festivals, Casinos, Honeymoon Suite

© 2000 - 2019 powered by
Doteasy Web Hosting 