Ardtalla Estate - Self Catering on Islay Ardtalla Estate Self Catering on Islay Welcome to Ardtalla Ardtalla is an idyllic retreat. An extensive private estate in the south east corner of Islay, surrounded by stunning beaches and spectacular, wild scenery. Driving from the ferry port of Port Ellen you pass the famous Laphroaig, Lagavullin and Ardbeg distilleries. As the single track road winds along the coast and through ancient, gnarled oak woodland you will pass grazing deer before arriving in the timeless and other-worldly beauty of Ardtalla. View Cottages Special Offers Whether it is seclusion you are seeking, or an activity packed break with beach walks, fishing, wildlife spotting or whisky tasting, your stay will certainly be one to remember. Here you will find a self-catering experience like no other, in one of Scotland’s truly remote locations. Take a step back in time from the modern world, get back in touch with nature and rediscover inner peace. Home About Our Cottages Gallery Activities & Events Contact Make a Booking Ardilistry Cottage Ardtalla Farmhouse Ardtalla School House The Isle of Islay – A hidden Hebridean gem Home to several world famous whisky distilleries, a winter population of tens of thousands of rare geese, and the former stronghold of the Lords of the Isles – the Isle of Islay is a hidden gem amongst the more well known hebridean islands. Its traditions are Gaelic, and its cultural heritage rich, with a cornucopia in song, spirit, stone and saga. Megaliths, early Christian stone crosses, vitrified forts, old Norse place names and clan battle sites give Islay a tangible presence in the past. Read more about Ardtalla and it’s history . We had a wonderful stay at Ardtalla Farm for two weeks at the beginning of May 2015. The farm and the surrounding countryside are beautiful: it's very restful to experience candlelight and the quietness and peace of the place, and we are still suffering from shock at returning to our normal pace of life. It's a great centre for walking, swimming, fishing and cycling (not to mention Islay malts, with Laphroaig, Lagavulin and Ardbeg just down the road.) We can't speak too highly of Debs and the other staff on the estate, who went out of their way to help us. The beach is incredible: perfect for swimming with the seals! Our dogs also loved the place. Please don't modernise it! All in all, a glorious stay and we can't wait to return. A Jones Staffordshire Ardtalla Experience Whatever Islay experience you are looking for, there’s a place for you at Ardtalla. Ardilistry Cottage is perfect for a romantic break for honeymoon couples or those spending special time together. Ardtalla Farmhouse is an adventure in itself, there is no electricity there and its water supply is drawn from a private spring. The Victorian Schoolhouse at Kintour is both comfortable and stylish and has been fully modernised to provide a unique holiday experience for up to 6 people.   Ardtalla is a 14,500 acres estate on the Isle of Islay. Facebook Twitter Accommodation Ardtalla Estate Holiday Cottages Ardtalla Farmhouse Ardtalla School House Ardilistry Cottage About About Ardtalla Tales The Stewards of Ardtalla Wildlife of Ardtalla Ardtalla Today Privacy Policy Copyright © 2019 Ardtalla Estate · Design by West Coast Media 