Villa Santa Cruz - Sunset Lakes Villa for Rental Sunset Lakes Kissimmee Location Book now or make an enquiry Villa Santa Cruz Owners Read our Guest Comments Paypal Payments for Villa Santa Cruz Check Availability & Make a Booking Rental Rates Take a Tour of Villa Santa Cruz Villa Floorplan Villa Santa Cruz +44 (0)161 487 4614 Enquire Villa Take a Tour Villa Floorplan Comments from our Guests Questions about Villa Santa Cruz Rates & Booking Rental Rates Availability Enquiries and Booking Booking Forms Pay with Paypal Location Sunset Lakes Location Orlando Theme Parks Other attractions Where to Eat Orlando Videos About Contact Payments Villa Santa Cruz at Sunset Lakes. A luxury private rental home near Disney World Check Availability Just minutes from Disney World in Sunny Florida Why pay a fortune to stay in a Hotel when you can rent a luxury villa near the Parks, and for a fraction of the price? Orlando Local Attractions 5 Bedrooms – including 2 Master Suites, Disney Room and Marvel Super Heroes Room Lake View Swimming Pool Games Room and Hot Tub Spacious Family Areas WiFi, Alarm & Safe Gated Community Fantastic Location – just 4 Miles from Disney A great location, plenty of space and luxury surroundings are the essential ingredients for the perfect vacation rental villa in Orlando – Combine them all by staying at Villa Santa Cruz, Sunset Lakes Take A Tour Make a Booking Rental Rates We really want your family to experience the vacation of a lifetime at our privately owned Florida rental home and we believe that luxury and comfort is the key. With this in mind we have added many touches to Villa Santa Cruz which ensure that everyone, young and old, will have the time of their lives! Read our Recent Guest Comments Answers to Frequently Asked Questions The McGrath Family from USA says: Two families totaling seven stayed here for ten nights. The house is comfortable and roomy along with having a great pool with above ground hot tub. Your access to all the parks is perfect. Gated community. This house will make your holiday complete. FYI eat at Bruno’s!!  ~ 5 stars via HomeAway 4 April, 2019 The Rothman Family from USA says: Very relaxing place to stay We really enjoyed staying in this comfortable and well furnished home. Very nicely maintained and clean. We especially liked the cozy feel of the living room, the well equipped kitchen and the heated pool. Easy access to all the sights while being in a quiet neighborhood which was great for taking walks. 2 January, 2019 The Keppley Family from England says: The house was beautiful. It was so well taken care of, it looked brand new. Kids loved the pool and we played pool and basketball every day. I would definitely rent this house again and recommend it to others. Thanks again for letting us live like royalty for a week. ~ 5 Stars Via Homeaway 30 November, 2018 The Burns Family from Scotland says: Villa was exactly as we expected well cared for and clean. great location. Sue has been great and answered any questions we have had would highly recommend! 2 November, 2018 end .wrap end #home-bottom Jorge & Sue Fernandes, 5a, Corbar Road, Stockport, Cheshire. UK. SK2 6EP 0161 487 4614 Mobile: 07855 844072 Top © 2019 Villa Santa Cruz | Privacy Policy | Site Map | Developed By Fernandes Creative Start of Tawk.to Script End of Tawk.to Script 