Spacious Holiday Home - Alnwick Northumberland #header Spacious Holiday Home - Alnwick Northumberland Arrange that overdue get-together holiday with friends and family Alnwick was voted the "Best place to live" in the UK by Countrylife Magazine. Birnam House is a large detached Holiday House where you can enjoy that overdue get-together with families and friends. It is quite unique in that it has 5 large double rooms and 5 private en-suites. It is close to the town centre of historic Alnwick, its restaurants, cafes & pubs. Book for a week, midweek or weekend breaks. For further information please call Telephone: 07740-65 20 13 Ideally suited for; weddings, business groups, school and college groups, society and club groups. In fact any sort of group that wants to go away together, at any time of year. Birnam House Accommodation Ground floor: Living room with French doors (to courtyard & BBQ area). / Dining room with oak floor. Kitchen with breakfast area. 1 twin bedroom with en-suite shower room and toilet. / Cloakroom toilet & basin. First floor: 4 bedrooms: 3 double (5ft), each with en-suite shower room and toilet, 1 twin. Bathroom with 2 steps up to shower over sunken bath and toilet. Log-effect fire in living room inc. Gas CH, gas, electric, bed linen and towels inc. T/cot and h/chair on request. Satellite 3D TV (3D glasses). DVDs. Playstation 3 with Blu-ray. Gas hob. Electric cooker. M/wave. W/machine. T/dryer. D/washer. F/freezer. Wi-fi on request. Lawned garden with decking, patio, terrace and furniture. BBQ. Ample parking. Welcome pack. No smoking. Friday to Friday. NB: Pond and 2 steps in garden. Only a short stroll from Alnwick's historic town centre. The house is secluded by a mature tree-lined garden and it’s south-facing aspect will delight all age groups. It lies on the doorstep of Alnwick Castle, home to the Duke of Northumberland, and featured in Harry Potter films, and the enchanting Alnwick Gardens with the famous Treehouse Restaurant and water gardens. A variety of restaurants, shops, cafés and bars await you as well as the playhouse, cinema and one of the largest second-hand book stores, Barter Books which is ideal for spending some time browsing. A modern well equipped leisure centre with two pools located next to a supermarket are all within a short walk from the edge of this small estate. A 4 mile drive and you discover the start of the Heritage Coastal Route with its miles of golden sandy beaches which are peppered with castles, friendly villages and ideal for water enthusiasts. The Farne Islands and Holy Island - not to be missed. Where to go and what to see in Alnwick Alnwick Castle, home of Harry Potter’s Hogwarts, The Gardens & Treehouse. Historic Castles. Farne Islands. Holy Island. Fantastic beaches & countryside. Alnwick Market. Local Theatre. Walking, Mountain Biking, Golfing. Surfing,  Kitesurfing, Windsurfing, Coasteering, Fishing (Hardy’s Museum). Landscape Painting. Football at St. James's Park, home of Newcastle United. Music at the Sage. Cragside. Hadrian's Wall. And there are many, many more things to do and places to see.   #content #container Contact Details Birnam House Royal Oak Gardens Alnwick NE66 2DA Tel: 07740 652 013 email: Enquiries Weather for Alnwick 5 Day weather forecast for Alnwick. Latest News Alnwick - the only Town in Britain selected to parade the 2012 Olympic Torch! Special Offers Check here for seasonal offers and special deals! Content provided by Alnwick Holidays  © May 2011 - July 2019  All rights reserved. Web Design and hosting by Intech Design Ltd  © May 2011 - July 2019  All rights reserved. #main end of outer-container end of background image #main end of outer-container end of background image 