Ardwyn House, Llanwrtyd Wells | Homepage My Booking £ £ GBP € EUR $ USD $ AUD R$ BRL $ CAD CHF $ CLP د.م. MAD $ MXN د.ت TND R ZAR EN English English (US) Deutsch Español Italiano Français Português (PT) Português (BR) 00441591610768 info@ardwynhouse.co.uk Station Rd Llanwrtyd Wells Powys LD5 4RW United Kingdom Scroll left Scroll right ≡ Menu Homepage Rooms Reviews The History of Ardwyn House Check Availability Check in Enter your dates and search to see prices and availability! Check out Rooms and People 2 Adult(s) 0 Children 1 Rooms Add/Remove + - Room 1 Adult 2 Adult(s) 3 Adult(s) 4 Adult(s) 5 Adult(s) 6 Adult(s) 7 Adult(s) 8 Adult(s) 9 Adult(s) 10 Adult(s) 11 Adult(s) 12 Adult(s) 13 Adult(s) 14 Adult(s) 15 Adult(s) 16 Adult(s) 17 Adult(s) 18 Adult(s) 19 Adult(s) 20 Adult(s) 0 Children 1 Child 2 Children 3 Children 4 Children 5 Children 6 Children 7 Children 8 Children 9 Children 10 Children 11 Children 12 Children 13 Children 14 Children 15 Children 16 Children 17 Children 18 Children 19 Children 20 Children 1 Room added Close Show Prices [if IE 9]><video style="display: none;"><![endif] [if IE 9]></video><![endif] Ardwyn House Ardwyn is a glorious "Belle Epoque" style Guest House built in the early 1900's and is bursting with Arts and Crafts features. Located in Llanwrtyd Wells is Britain's smallest town with a big heart. Llanwrtyd hosts a wide variety of events throughout the year varying from Walking festivals, Mountain Bike Wobbles to the International Bog Snorkeling Championship and the Man vers Horse Race to name but a few. Ardwyn House is ideally situated to explore Mid Wales with its extensive Historical sites and natural beauty. Every effort has been made to make your stay at Ardwyn House comfortable, relaxing and memorable. Enjoy afternoon tea and homemade cakes on your arrival and every afternoon of your stay. Relax and unwind in a glorious roll top bath and relish the fine Egyptian Cotton Linen used on the period Oak or Brass beds. Set yourself up with an special Ardwyn breakfast for that days activities. Enjoy looking through the many interesting books in the Library or perhaps have a game of pool and an aperitif before enjoying a meal in one of the restaurants in the town, and relax on your return in the lounge for a night cap. Facilities Bar Books, DVD, games Free WiFi internet Lounge Bike lock-up Laundry WiFi internet Garden Terrace Breakfast lounge Housekeeping - daily Game room Library Parking On-site parking Free parking Children's Facilities Children's books, videos, games Highchairs Dining Cooked breakfast Breakfast Vegetarian options Activities and Experiences Animal watching Billiards / pool / snooker Bird watching Cycling Fine dining Fly fishing Golf Horse riding Mountain biking Art galleries & museums Antiques & fairs Snorkelling Walking Card, board, video games Games, chess, cards Retreat Hiking Accessibility The parking area is constructed of brick blocks, tarmac and paving slabs. The entrance step is two small steps over the threshold. The ground floor is of polish wood flooring and occasional rugs. The is one step down to the WC. The 1st floor is accessed up a carpeted stairs with handrail on one side, made up of 13 steps which make 90 degree turn, a quarter landing and then 3 further steps. The landing is made of floorboards and occasional rug. The bedrooms are carpeted, The en-suite bathrooms have tiled floors, room 2 has a step up to the shower and toilet. Room 4 has two steps down into the bathroom. Room 5 is on the 2nd floor, accessed up a carpeted stairs with a handrail on one side made up of 11 steps which made a 90 degree turn, a quarter landing and a further 4 steps. Location View Map Guest Reviews Ardwyn House ( 30 Guest Reviews) 100% Review Overall Rating 4.9 Lovely two nights again at the B&B, clean and comfortable with lovely service from the owners Stayed: Apr 19 Read more © 2019 Station Rd, Llanwrtyd Wells, Powys, LD5 4RW, United Kingdom 00441591610768 info@ardwynhouse.co.uk Privacy and cookie policy Booking website powered by eviivo.com   Scroll to top This website is edited by Ardwyn House, Station Rd, Llanwrtyd Wells, Powys, LD5 4RW, United Kingdom. We use cookies to ensure you have the best experience and any personal data shared during your visit is protected by our privacy policy Our website was created and is hosted by eviivo Limited, 154 Pentonville Road, London, N1 9JE, United Kingdom. Registration: 05002392 Tax / VAT number: 877374571 . eviivo have no responsibility for the content displayed on this website, and they operate the website on our behalf under the following privacy policy By using this website you consent to our use of cookies and the terms of our privacy policy I accept More information 