Almondy Inn – Exquisite Newport, RI lodging. Rooms · Book Now · Photo Gallery · Contact Us · #menu-header .site-header #logo Home Our Inn Breakfast Location Reservations Inn Policies Gift Certificates Rooms Burgundy Suite Lanai Suite Blue Bay Room Plantation Room Sunset Room Captain’s Quarters Specials & Packages Photo Gallery Attractions Testimonials Contact Us .navbar-header Home Our Inn Breakfast Location Reservations Inn Policies Gift Certificates Rooms Burgundy Suite Lanai Suite Blue Bay Room Plantation Room Sunset Room Captain’s Quarters Specials & Packages Photo Gallery Attractions Testimonials Contact Us #menu-main .aside-wrapper .aside-wrapper-menu Check availability & book online .hermes-contact-wrapper .hermes-contact Innkeeper: (800) 478-6155 or 1 (401) 848-7202 .hermes-contact-wrapper .hermes-contact Send us an Email: info@almondyinn.com .hermes-contact-wrapper .hermes-contact Almondy Inn 25 Pelham St. – Newport, RI 02840 .hermes-contact-wrapper .hermes-contact .hermes-contacts .aside-wrapper-special Check out Almondy Inn on Yelp .social-media-links .aside-wrapper .site-aside 1 of 5 photos Historic downtown location .slide-meta   end .hermes-gallery-slide 2 of 5 photos Breakfast in our stately Dining Room .slide-meta   end .hermes-gallery-slide 3 of 5 photos Comfort and Luxury .slide-meta   end .hermes-gallery-slide 4 of 5 photos Victorian Splendor .slide-meta   end .hermes-gallery-slide 5 of 5 photos Spacious Rooms and Suites .slide-meta   end .hermes-gallery-slide .hermes-slides end #hermes-gallery .flexslider Welcome to The Almondy Bed & Breakfast Inn Our Newport Rhode Island Bed and Breakfast is conveniently located in downtown Newport RI, just steps from Bannister’s and Bowens Wharfs on Narragansett Bay. This elegant 1890’s Victorian has been restored to its original glory and is located within walking distance of Newport’s many fine restaurants, antique shops, art galleries, boutiques, and near the various famous Newport Mansions and island beaches. The Almondy Inn features five elegant guestrooms and suites that are uniquely decorated with fine period antiques, private En-suite bathrooms – most with Jacuzzi baths – and some with bay views and a bedside gas fireplace. Spacious suites at our Newport Rhode Island Inn offer a separate living or dressing room for additional comfort and a true feeling of spacious luxury. The Almondy Inn is centrally located next to restaurants and nightlife. Gourmet breakfast served daily in our dining room from 8:30 and 10:00 a.m. end .welcome-message   end .post-cover Rooms All rooms and suites at our Newport RI Inn are individually decorated with fine period antiques and comfortable King or Queen Beds. Flat screen TV,  Radio/Alarm/iPod station. Direct-dial Telephone, Free local calls and Free WiFi Access. En-suite Bathrooms with signature […] .post-excerpt .featured-page end .post-cover Breakfast Breakfast is served daily, each morning in the Dining Room from 8:30 – 10:00 am. In addition to Breakfast, our afternoon Wine & Cheese Social between 5 – 6 pm daily is a great opportunity to share your day’s experiences […] .post-excerpt .featured-page end .post-cover Photo Gallery This 1890’s Victorian, listed on the National Registry of Historic Buildings, has been transformed into a luxury award winning Bed & Breakfast Inn. The Almondy Inn is located in the Historic Hill downtown district of Newport, on the first gas-lit […] .post-excerpt .featured-page .featured-pages   What our guests have to say Wonderful Place To Stay September 18, 2016 My husband and I stayed at the Almondy Inn this past weekend as we were attending a wedding. It is in a perfect location right in the center of things but just far enough away that you don’t get the noise. We stayed in the Plantation Room which is lovely and has two large windows overlooking the Bay. It was nice to wake up each morning to the lovely view. But it isn’t just the beautiful inn that is a gem. From the time we checked in across the street, the staff was very friendly and made you feel welcome. And Claudette who works in the Inn gives an even more special feel to this B & B. She is very welcoming and friendly not to mention being a wonderful cook! Breakfast both mornings was excellent and a great start to the day. We look forward to our next stay at this Inn! end .hermes-testimonial — September 18, 2016 end .hermes-testimonials Join the Almondy Inn VIP Club. Sign up for our email list. Loading Form...   .main-wrapper #main   #content .wrapper Designed by HermesThemes Copyright © 2019 Almondy Inn. .copy .wrapper .site-footer #container 