Official Site of Tourism in Algoma Country | Northern Ontario, Canada Google Tag Manager End Google Tag Manager Travel Guides Blog Book Online Contact 1-800-263-2546 Toggle Navigation Menu Home Fish & Hunt Fish Species Walleye / Pickerel Northern Pike Smallmouth Bass Brook Trout Muskie Salmon Steelhead Lake Trout Drive-in Fishing Fly-in Fishing Train-in Fishing Fly Fishing Fishing Charters Ice Fishing Hunting Touring Motorcycle Drive & RV Tours Boating & Marinas ATVing ATV Guided Trips Rail Excursions Snowmobiling Nature & Outdoors Backpack & Hike Canoe, Kayak & SUP Camp & Wildlife Provincial Parks National Park Golf Courses Mountain Bike & Cycle Ski & Snowshoe Cities & Towns Algoma North Sault Ste. Marie Prince Township Searchmont Superior Coastal Wawa Chapleau Dubreuilville White River Hornepayne Hearst Nakina Algoma East Echo Bay St. Joseph Island Hilton Beach Richards Landing Johnson Township Bruce Mines Thessalon Mississagi Valley Huron Shores Blind River Elliot Lake Spanish Associate Partners View All Where to Stay Bed & Breakfasts Hotels & Motels Cottage Resorts Campgrounds & RV Parks Resorts & Lodges Remote Outposts Things to Do Attractions Festivals & Events Shopping Restaurants Historic Sites Museums & Galleries Travel Information Travel Planning Travel Information Centres Travel Guides Partner Directory Book Online The Algoma Blog Newsletter Sign Up Regional Map /.nav-collapse Start planning your next adventure. Learn more Explore the remote wilderness of Algoma Country Start Planning Take that Bucket List Ride Learn More Experience a Drive-in fishing adventure. Learn More Algoma Country Algoma Country is located in Northern Ontario and is a place that has to be experienced!  We border on two of the greatest of the Great Lakes, Superior and Huron, shorelines are our most southerly borders. Our inland geography with its old growth forests and countless rivers, lakes and streams means Algoma is home to astounding wildlife and fishing and hunting opportunities that will simply knock your socks off.  Its landscapes will make you gasp. Its people will make you feel welcome. Our summer is a playground of fresh water, warm weather, clean air and tons of  things to see and do.  From a relaxing hike to a challenging expedition into the far reaches of our many provincial parks, you can truly relax or test your skills during an Algoma summer. Blue skies, clear water and clean, fresh air make for the best summer vacations. Fall brings massive changes to Algoma Country. All of our green turns into vibrant colours, as far as your eye can see. Fiery reds, brilliant oranges and yellows make the very best backdrop for touring whether by car or motorcycle.  The hair on the back of your neck is sure to rise while on our coastline tours. Goose bumps are guaranteed. Once the leaves fall from the trees, winter brings a playground of ice and snow!  You can ride on uncrowded trails, downhill or cross country ski or simply snuggle up and enjoy the warmth of your accommodations. White is the colour of our winter and its deep, clean and plentiful! After the snow melts, our landscapes wake up with new growth. Our fish are ready to take on any angler, cottages and lodges are prepared for your arrival. We are so ready for your arrival! Our cities and towns polish winter away. Algoma is THAT spectacular. But you truly have to experience us first hand. So, pull up a chair at mother nature’s table in Algoma, don’t settle for less than a real experience. Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Featured Packages Featured Packages the loop Lake Superior Weekly Stay Package Starting at $784/Week Take a week and enjoy many outdoor opportunities that Lake Superior's Coast has to offer! Book Now Step Back In History Package Starting at $149/Night Step back in time and sleep where the Lighthouse Keeper slept in the 1907 McKay Island Lighthouse! Book Now American Plan Fishing Packages $200.00 / night / person. American Plans, making packing and planning easier. Everything you need for a day on the lake. Book Now 7 Night Drive-In Cottage Fishing Packages Starting at $610/Week Brennan Harbour Resort is renowned for quality fishing, quality boat options and great food! Book Now Weekly Fishing Package Starting at $699/Person Unlimited fishing opportunities located in the middle of one of the best fishing regions in Ontario! Book Now Half Day ATV Touring Adventure Click "Learn More" for Details Take a guided half day ATV adventure tour through the pristine Northern Ontario wilderness. Learn More ATV Rentals in Searchmont Starting at $200/Person ATV rentals in Searchmont, Ontario. Guiding and accommodations are available. Book Now American Plan Packages on Lake Wabatongushi Starting at $1280/Person Fly-in to a secluded wilderness island lodge with fantastic fishing and full accommodations. Book Now Fly-In Fishing from White River, Ontario Starting at $950/Person Fly-in fishing packages include round trip flights to a once in a lifetime angling experience! Book Now Housekeeping Cottage Fishing Package $130.00 / night / person Modern cottages with full kitchens & bathrooms plus all the amenities and comforts of home. Book Now Black Bear & Moose Hunting Packages Starting at $1999/Person Pasha Lake stands alone as one of the foremost Black Bear & Moose Hunting destinations in Ontario! Book Now Weekly Full Service Cottage Vacations Starting at $695/Week Weekly cottage rentals. Meal plans & boat rentals are available. Craft the perfect family vacation! Book Now View More View All Packages Upcoming Events July 22, 2019 North Channel Race Week July 26, 2019 Richards Landing Community Night July 26, 2019 Community Night Pasta Dinner View All Events Recent Stories Two Unique Markets, One Rural Municipality The Municipality of Huron Shores, Ontario is located along a scenic... Read More Poutine Feast in Sault Ste. Marie Let’s be honest, nothing beats the Classic Canadian Poutine. Fresh Hand... Read More An Early Bass Fishing Trip To Algoma For many years now, I have been fortunate enough to enjoy the early catch... Read More #Footer Advertisement Contact 334 Bay St, Sault Ste. Marie ON, P6A 1X1 Canada P: 1-800-263-2546 E: info@algomacountry.com Northern Portal Read stories about Algoma. Connect Facebook Twitter Youtube Instagram Newsletter Sign Up Recent Posts Two Unique Markets, One Rural Municipality Poutine Feast in Sault Ste. Marie An Early Bass Fishing Trip To Algoma Links Fish & Hunt Touring Nature & Outdoors Cities & Towns Where to Stay Things to Do Travel Information About Us Who Are We Partnership Travel Media Privacy Policy Advertise Developed & Designed by Algoma Kinniwabi Travel Association © 2019. All Rights Reserved. 