Aktaion hotel Syros, Hermoupolis, Cyclades, Greece, Hotels THE HOTEL THE CAFE BUILDING HISTORY HERMOUPOLIS & SYROS BOOK NOW scroll or click MH.T.E 01238 HOTEL POLICY HOME THE HOTEL THE CAFE THE HISTORY HERMOUPOLIS CONTACT designed by Aktaion Hotel Akti Petrou Ralli Str. Hermoupolis - Syros 84100 Tel: +30 22810 81701 Fax: +30 22810 81783 info@aktaion-hotel.gr hotel Syros Aktaion greece Hermoupolis hotels Cyclades Hotel Aktaion is housed in a building constructed in1843 in the port of Hermoupolis. Reflecting the first phase of neoclassicism, the building was designed with six storerooms on the ground floor and the main residence on the first floor for the Geralopoulos family, a merchant from Smyrna and vice mayor for the period 1837-1840. Built of stone-made masonry with marble corbels and simple wrought iron on the balconies, curved ceilings and tiled roof, it stands out for its simple compact shape. Some years later the building was converted into one of the first hotels in Syros and ever since the story of Hotel Aktaion has been intertwined with the development of Hermoupolis. The restoration and radical refurbishment in 2010 modernized the building and revived its style. Preserving its character-defining features, such as the vaulted ceilings in some rooms and the exposed stone walls, certain parts were modernized in order to meet today’s requirements. Particularly interesting features which demonstrate the respect to the building’s initial architecture are the wooden staircase and the indoor balcony that looks over the main hall, where the hosts used to hold their salons, thus the gathering of people to read their own works and hear the works and ideas of other intellectuals. As for the interior, the styling has a retro-chic vibe going on, pairing classic style with contemporary appeal. The outcome is a harmonious blend of relaxed urban ambiance and the Greek summer experience under the sun in Cyclades. Situated in a privileged spot in the port of the capital town in Syros, Hotel Aktaion has single, double or twin rooms, triple rooms with one double bed and a sofa bed overlooking the sea or the shopping district of Hermoupolis, a favorite of locals and tourists for generations. On the ground floor, Cafe Actaion serves breakfast, coffee, juices, cold dishes, as well as cocktails and drinks. Located only a few meters walking distance from the town's main square with the imposing Town Hall and the most celebrated district "Vaporia", Hotel Aktaion is surrounded by restaurants, tavernas, cafés and shops. Ideal starting point for those who wish to explore the island of Syros, the Hotel is located in the heart of Hermoupolis' attractions, near the bus station, taxicab stand, car or motorcycle rental agencies. Rooms Facilities Sea view or view to Hermoupolis’ shopping district Air conditioning Free Wi-Fi TV Bathroom with shower and toilet Hair dryer Bath amenities Towels Seating area and marble worktop Some rooms have balcony Mini bar Refrigerator Soundproof rooms Wake-Up call service Room Service Non-smoking rooms This website uses only Google Analytics cookies, you accept our cookie policy OK Global site tag (gtag.js) - Google Analytics 