Bed and Breakfast | Niagara on the Lake | Apple Tree Historic B&B body start html embeds start body start html embeds end Home Our Rooms Breakfast Plan Your Stay About Us More Call 905-468-8687   or BOOK NOW 19th century charm, 21st century comfort Welcome to the Apple Tree Historic Bed & Breakfast In the heart of beautiful Niagara on the Lake Our historic home in the centre of the Old Town is the perfect base for your theatre, wine country or romantic get-away  Charming Period Rooms Pamper yourself! Enjoy 19th century charm and 21st century comfort in one of our 3 period-decorated guest rooms, each with ensuite bathroom, premium mattress, luxurious linens and modern amenities Which Room is Right for You? Fabulous Gourmet Breakfasts Indulge your Taste buds!  Savour a multi-course breakfast featuring Niagara's famous seasonal fruits, fresh-baked pastries and one of our tantalizing epicurean entrees.  Your Gourmet Breakfast Button Ideal Location Experience all that Niagara on the Lake has to offer from one of the most convenient locations in the Old Town, a short one block walk to Queen Street's shops, restaurants and theatres. Our Convenient Old Town Location Why Stay at a Bed & Breakfast? A B&B can be the perfect choice for a romantic getawa y or a relaxing escape . ​ The Apple Tree Historic B&B offers: Charming, comfortable rooms in an historic home A delicious home-cooked breakfast A very convenient location Beautiful gardens A warm welcome and personalized attention The opportunity to meet interesting fellow guests Perks such as free parking, free wi-fi and recommendations & discounts on local attractions Reviews "We cannot say enough about the wonderful experience we had in your B&B.  The lovely ambiance, the warmth and conversation ...and the amazing breakfast." Wendy & Brad, Fergus, Ontario See more reviews See our Guest Rooms Which one is right for you? Guest Rooms Make a Reservation Explore  Dates & Rates Check Availability Gift Certificates Available! A great way to celebrate a special occasion.  Buy a gift certificate Plan Your Stay Great Things to Do in Niagara on the Lake Things to Do 263 Regent Street, Niagara on the Lake, Ontario, L0S 1J0 Phone: 905-468-8687 Email:   relax@appletreebb.ca © 2023 by Apple Tree Historic. Proudly created with Wix.com No Footer body end html embeds start body end html embeds end 