Home|Alexandra|Alexandra Heights Motel body start html embeds start body start html embeds end HOME ABOUT US FACILITIES ACTIVITIES & EVENTS ACCOMMODATION CONTACT US Privacy Policy Cookies Policy More +64 3 448 6366 0800 862 539 Welcome to the Alexandra Heights Motel 125 Centennial Avenue Alexandra, New Zealand Contact Us Our Address We Accept Follow Us TEL: 03 448 6366 ​ E-MAIL: info@alexandraheights.co.nz Show More © 2017 by Alexandra Heights Motel  proudly produced by Phoenix I.T. Ltd View our Privacy Policy View our Cookie Policy 0800 862 539 IMG_3187 night shot entrance Another nice picture of the motel at night. Off street parking available, safe and secure. night shot balcony A great shot of the balcony / first floor apartments at night. 1/8 alexandra heights --  ACCOMMODATION  --  WELCOME TO ALEXANDRA HEIGHTS MOTEL ​ Alexandra Heights Motel is an easy walk to the supermarket, shops, cafés, restaurants and is the closest motel to most of the sports facilities, such as the BMX track, aquatic centre, ice skating rink, squash court, Molyneux Stadium and Alexandra golf course. ​ The Motel is handy to the Rail Trail and has secure bike storage available. Free on site overnight garaging of your motor bike or classic car may also be available. ​ Enjoy sitting on our balcony (studio units) taking in the great view of the surrounding hills. ​ Visit us for you Central Otago getaway, and enjoy the views from your spacious and comfortable studio unit.   EVENTS TO LOOK FORWARD TO   There are an abundance of interesting activities to look forward to in Alexandra and it's surrounds. Among some of the more notable ones are the Blossom Festival, the Rail Trail, The Wine & Food Festival in Clyde and The Brass Monkey just up the road in Oturehua.   FIND OUT MORE EXPLORE THE AREA   Loads of places to go and plenty of things to do. If you are a cyclist then the rail trail and the Alps to Ocean trails might be for you...We offer a convenient place to stay for the weary cyclist. We also have an abundance of walking tracks in and around the area and if you would prefer a little retail or coffee therapy the town centre is just 10 minutes away.   READ MORE No Footer body end html embeds start body end html embeds end 