Hotel Accommodation in Abergavenny | B&B Abergavenny End Facebook Pixel Code Google Tag Manager (noscript) End Google Tag Manager (noscript) We use cookies to give you the best online experience in accordance with our cookie policy . Close Menu Home Rooms & Cottages Special Offers Restaurant & Bars Afternoon Tea Meetings & Events Weddings About The Hotel Things To Do Contact Us Online Shop Christmas at The Angel Check availability Book Now Call Us Find Us Specials Main Menu Book Room Book Table Arriving 15 Departing 16 Priority Room Upgrades Best Rates Guaranteed Complimentary WIFI Check availability Breakfast / Lunch / Dinner Afternoon Tea Gift Vouchers Book Your Room Check availability View Our Video » Scroll For More Suite Escape Come and enjoy a luxurious stay in our gorgeous Deluxe Suite. Enjoy a luxurious stay in our gorgeous Deluxe Suite. Read More The Angel High Tea Award Winning Afternoon Teas Available Daily from 2.00pm Read More Oak Room The Oak Room strives for culinary excellence and exquisite service as Chef Wesley Hammond leads The Angel’s talented culinary team to provide guests the most inviting, approachable and valuable dining experience in Monmouthshire. The Foxhunter Bar The premier den for Abergavenny locals, you will find regulars and visitors enjoying the bar's old world feel with a modern twist - and a blend of contemporary art. Welcome to The Angel Hotel The Angel Hotel is a luxurious, 4 Silver Star hotel , located in the centre of Abergavenny. Situated between 7 hills on the Welsh/English border, Abergavenny is often referred to as the ‘Gateway to Wales’ . The Angel is only a 2 minute walk from Abergavenny Castle or 5 minute walk from Linda Vista Gardens. Providing a warm, friendly environment in a truly residential setting. The Angel Hotel is within easy access to Abergavenny Train Station. Most Elegant Wedding Venue Our all inclusive wedding packages The Angel is one of Monmouthshire’s most elegant wedding venues with our all inclusive wedding packages. Subscribe to our newsletters Keep up to date with latest news & offers Gifts and Vouchers Visit our online shop to purchase a dining experience at The Angel Contact Us Sitemap Careers Policies Gallery Media Online Shop Angel Hotel , 15 Cross Street , Abergavenny, Monmouthshire , Wales NP7 5EN UK 01873 857121 01873 858059 info@angelabergavenny.com Site by Aró Google Code for Remarketing tag Remarketing tags may not be associated with personally identifiable information or placed on pages related to sensitive categories. For instructions on adding this tag and more information on the above requirements, read the setup guide: google.com/ads/remarketingsetup Tracker function required for cross-domain tracking. Universal tracking method. Do not modify! End of tracker function Embedded ClickAndChat.com: Insert the script below at the point on your page where you want the Click To Chat link to appear 