Home - Albro House Hotel, Hotel in London Albro House Hotel Cheap, Budget Bed & Breakfast (B&B) in Hyde Park 0207 724 2931 albrohotellondon@gmail.com Home Our Rooms Book Online Breakfast Close Attractions Our Gallery Reviews Special Offers More Location Get In Touch Hotel Policies Credit Card Parking Facilities Family Rooms City Centre     Cheap, Budget Bed &Breakfast (B&B) in Hyde Park, Paddington, Central London Welcome to the Albro House Hotel. We are one of the best hotels in the area offering budget bed and breakfast in Hyde Park and Paddington, and we ensure our clean and homely guest house accommodation comes at remarkably good prices. Located near Hyde Park and Paddington Station, we ensure you feel as relaxed as you are at home with our spotlessly comfortable rooms and a generous English or Continental breakfast. We always provide a top quality service and a warm welcome to make your stay with us a happy and memorable occasion. Compared to many other budget bed and breakfasts near Hyde Park and Paddington, Albro House Hotel offers a highly competitive package as we do not compromise our high quality service just because of our budget prices. Albro House Hotel was once a large Victorian family home, and has since been converted, modernised and re-furbished. Our testimonial to this is the great number of recommendations and returning satisfied guests, year after year. If you are interested in Paddington Hotels and a cheap bed and breakfast in Hyde Park, Paddington or Central London, then please contact us and we'll be happy to welcome you.   Selection of Our Rooms See Room Single En-suite Room Single room with one single bed suitable for one person only. Newly re-furbished room with new furniture and all bathroom fittings. Large window giving substantial light to room. Rooms to the front of hotel overlooking Sussex Gardens have windows fitted with double glazing for noisereduction. Equipped with Freeview TV, Radio, Hairdryer, Tea/Coffee maker, Desk, Chair, Wardrobe/coat hangers, desk with chair, full length framed mirror, net and heavy curtains, wall picture. Wi-Fi Bathrobes Blackout Curtains Tea and Coffee Maker Toiletries Desk See Room Double En-suite Room (inc. Breakfast) Double room with one Double Bed suitable for 2 persons only. Newly re-furbished room with new furniture and all new bathroom fittings. Large window giving plenty of light to the room. Rooms to the front of the hotel overlooking Sussex Gardens have with double glazing windows for noise reduction. Equipped with Freeview TV,Radio, Hairdryer, Complimentary Tea/Coffee, Welcome Tray, Wardrobe with coat hangers. Desk with chair, full length framed mirror, wall picture, net and heavy curtains. Wi-Fi Bathrobes Blackout Curtains Tea and Coffee Maker Toiletries Desk See Room Twin En-suite Room (inc. Breakfast) Twin Room with 2 Single beds Suitable for 2 persons only. Newly re-furbished room with new furniture and all bathroom fittings. Rooms to the front of hotel overlooking Sussex Gardens have windows fitted with double glazing for noise reduction. Equipped with Freeview TV, Radio, Hairdryer, Tea/Coffee maker, Desk, Chair, Wardrobe/coat hangers, desk with chair, full length framed mirror, net and heavy curtains, wall picture. Wi-Fi Blackout Curtains Tea and Coffee Maker Toiletries Desk En-Suite Shower Reviews Hear what people say! Click above to read our latest reviews. Contact Us Get in touch with us now with our contact form! Arrival / Departure Check in:2:00pm - 11:00pm Check out:10:00am. Latest Reviews We feel like we were staying in our house. Strongly advice to stay in this hotel house ( good location, nice staff and flexible check in) - fares a A lovely hotel in a pleasant position, comfortable rooms and great breakfast. Very friendly and helpful owner and staff. - Ilaria P Fantastic location near Paddington station and Hyde park, great customer service and value for money..we will definitely be back - Sharon C Our Address Albro House Hotel 155 Sussex Gardens Hyde Park London W2 2RY 0207 724 2931 albrohotellondon@gmail.com © Copyright 2019 - Hotel Website Powered by Queensborough Group Home Our Rooms Book Online Breakfast Close Attractions Our Gallery Reviews Special Offers Location Get In Touch Hotel Policies Privacy Policy 