5 Star Accommodation in St Austell Cornwall near the Eden Project Skip to Navigation Anchorage House is a stylish bed and breakfast with a difference offering luxury child-free accommodation, bistro suppers and impressive indoor swimming pool and small gym only minutes from the Eden Project, Carlyon Bay beach and golf, The Lost Gardens of Heligan, Fowey and Charlestown tall ship harbour. HOME | TARIFF | BOOK ONLINE | AWARDS | NEWS | CONTACT | PHOTOS | ACCESS | SPECIALS Anchorage House, a national award-winning bed and breakfast is the perfect Cornwall escape. It's always been about sophisticated luxury and style. Close to beaches, Heligan and Eden Project, offering suppers, individually designed bedrooms, huge beds, ultra-modern bathrooms, heated indoor swimming pool and free Wi-Fi. A stay at Anchorage House is icing on your holiday cake. ROOMS | SWIMMING AND GYM | THE PROPERTY | FOOD & MENUS | OUT & ABOUT | LOCATION | INFO | HOSTS & COMMENTS Anchorage House is all about sophisticated luxury and style. This 5 Gold Star luxury bed and breakfast near St Austell, Cornwall has the feel of a small boutique hotel. It is also child-free and ideal for visiting all parts of Cornwall. Only a few minutes (and walkable) to the Eden Project , beaches and championship golf course at Carlyon Bay and the tall ship harbour of Charlestown (where 'Pirates of the Caribbean', 'Poldark', 'Alice In Wonderland' and 'Hornblower' were partially filmed). The Lost Gardens of Heligan and the picturesque fishing villages of Fowey and Mevagissey as well as Bodmin Moor are a mere 15 minute drive away. Anchorage House is also about celebrations or for some 'you and me' time. Coastal walks, good food, little naps, lively conversation during afternoon tea and supper, relaxing with friends in the Chill Out lounge, luxuriating in the outdoor hot tub, an invigorating dip in the indoor pool before breakfast are normal past times here. You too will soon be seduced by Anchorage House - one of England's and Cornwall's most impressive 5-Star B and B's. The luxurious and individually designed bedrooms are intended to provide guests with a welcome from the hustle and bustle of the outside world and the space to relax and unwind. Our goal is to make guests feel welcome and happy, and ensure your holiday in Cornwall is special. Steve and Jane love to learn about you and what you like to do on holiday. It matters to us what our guests think about their stay here so that we can continue to try and improve things wherever we can. Anchorage House is all you could hope for, with ultra-modern bathrooms, exquisite bedrooms, and all sparklingly clean, free wireless Internet (Wi-Fi), indoor heated swimming pool and small gym and every luxury you could expect from the finest luxury hotels right here in St Austell Cornwall. Incomparable! Top of Page Awards More Photos Web Development by Dave Marks | Copyright | Links | Admin Top of Page 