Amaryllis Hotel - Perissa Santorini - Official Site Check in Check out Persons  2 1 2 3 4 5 6 Search ≡ Hotel Location Accommodation Facilities Photo gallery Request Contact Welcome to Amaryllis Hotel Your gateway to rest and relaxation in true Mediterranean style Book now Santorini island The most wonderful sunset in the world ‹ › Amaryllis Hotel - Santorini, Perissa Amaryllis Hotel is located near the beautiful black beach Perissa Santorini, an ideal destination for your vacation in Santorini. The ideal destination for your holidays in Santorini The simple yet central Hotel Amaryllis will provide a great base for those who want to make the most of the sun and sand. Amaryllis has been constructed and organized with special care, so as to guarantee a comfortable staying while you are enjoying your holidays. Amaryllis Hotel is an ideal destination for couples, family vacations with or without children and also for small breaks from the everyday routine. VIEW PHOTOS Ideal location in Perissa Santorini Located on Perissas main road, the hotel is only 150 meters from Perissa beach, a long stretch of striking black volcanic sand offering all sorts of water sports. The resort center is also 50 meters away, where you will find cafes, pubs, discos, restaurants, supermarkets and bus station. The hotel has a pleasant dining room for your breakfast, TV room and a fully equipped bar, also safety boxes.   So, let’s enjoy Santorini and the Perissa Black Sand Beach with its calmness and romance!   Request a quote Excellent location Comfortable rooms Facilities & hospitality All rooms are equipped with private bathroom, telephone, refrigerator, satellite T.V., hairdryer, air conditioning and balcony. Modern & comfortable rooms in Perissa Santorini Double room 1st floor Online booking view more Accommodation Double room 1 room - semi basement Online booking view more Accommodation Quad room 1 room - semi basement Online booking view more Accommodation Disabled room Ground floor Online booking view more Accommodation SHARE     PRINT Contact us Amaryllis Hotel Ηotel - rooms in Perissa Santorini Official Site   Perissa Santorini 84703 Greece   +30 22860 81682     +30 6979289824     +30 22860 81847 MHTE: 1167K012A0176000 amaryllissantorini@gmail.com Social media GDPR By using this website, you are agreeing to our policy concerning Data /privacy protection . Read more Delete your data Web design & Seo by Hotelier CMS top 