Antilley Inn - Home   Antilley Inn (800) 959-1001 Home Reservations Accommodations Area Attractions Contact Us Antilley Inn Pet Friendly Rooms Online Reservations end banner inner end banner mid end banner-right Welcome to Antilley Inn Welcome to the Antilley Inn, where you will find spacious comfortable guest rooms.  As long as you are our guest, we will do everything we can to make you feel comfortable and at home. All guest rooms are clean, well cared for and boast a refrigerator, microwave and coffee pot so you can enjoy nearly all the conveniences of your own kitchen. We also offer free wireless high speed internet and remote control cable TV. Abilene provides that perfect balance between big-city and small-town living. Known as the "Friendly Frontier," Abilene lies in the geographic center of Texas.   Area attractions include the Abilene Zoo , historic Paramount Theater , Frontier Texas , four public golf courses,  lakes, and many more wonderful attractions.  We look forward to having you stay with us. Our Rooms At the Antilley Inn, as long as you are our guests, our goal is to make sure you are comfortable and thoroughly enjoy your stay with us.  Our greatest compliment is when we see familiar faces time and time again. Our rooms are clean and well cared for and we offer all the basic amenities some additional features.  Room Amenities -   Refrigerator -   Microwave -   In-room Coffee maker -   Free Wireless High-Speed Internet -   Cable TV -   Free Local Calls Property Features -  Free Continental Breakfast -  Laundry Facility -  Senior Citizen Discounts -  Hospital Discounts (Abilene Medical Center) -  Extended Stay Rates -  Vending Machine We are Pet Friendly Pet Policy:  Non-Refundable $10 per day per pet for small pets and $20 per day per pet for large pets.  Pet fee will vary for extended stay periods. Abilene Attractions   Don't forget the kids... Home Reservations Accommodation s Area Attractions Contact Us 6550 U.S. Highway 83-84 Abilene, TX 79602 Toll Free (800) 959-1001 Local (325) 695-3330 ​ Disclaimer:  It is the responsibility of the hotel chain and/or the individual hotel owner/ manager to ensure the accuracy of the photos and content displayed.  Dinkwebsites.com  is not responsible for any inaccuracies in the photos or content. 