Durban Bed and Breakfast Accomodation | Durban B&B Guest House Golden Mile Book Online ☰ Menu Home Guesthouse Deluxe Rooms Penthouse Facilities Reviews Attractions Rates Contact Find Us Email: enquiries@africaregent.com Tel/Fax: +27 (0) 31 563 3075 Mobile: +27 (0) 83 229 4674 Home Guesthouse Deluxe Rooms Penthouse Facilities Reviews Attractions Rates Contact Find Us Africa Regent Guest House Accomodation We invite you to enjoy the hospitality of this distinctly different family run guest house with your hosts, Dave and Pam Morrey. Located in a quiet coastal suburb of Durban North by the Indian Ocean, just minutes away from the beach. Staying at Africa Regent Guest House is more than just surrounding yourself with luxury accommodation, the stunning African decor and the ambiance around the tropical rock pool. It has the added bonus of being able to enjoy the 'fun in the sun' excitement of Durban and its many attractions. Corporate guests will find us ideally positioned and in easy reach of businesses and events within minutes. Africa Regent offers personalised service, impeccable attention to detail, great value for money and a distinctive quality experience. The traditional African decor abounds throughout. Situated between Durban's Golden Mile and Umhlanga Village Resort, Africa Regent offers complete privacy and relaxation for the tourist or business traveller. It is in easy reach of beaches, the ICC, Shopping Malls, Sports Stadiums, Sports Facilities, Theatres, Cinemas, Casinos and major tourist attractions. Twenty minutes from the airport. We are also within walking distance of Restaurants, Banks, a Post Office and Pharmacy. Everything you need.... and more. African Travel Channel Umhlanga Coastline Tour "This hotel is definitely recommendable! What you will find here is real hospitality! Such a warm and friendly service you won't find very often! Besides it's located perfectly, very quiet and only a few minutes from the beach...thanks a lot to Pam and Dave for this short but wonderful stay! We will definitely come back :)" ( source: major OTA ) To View more Guest Comments Click here Free! Wireless Internet access to their lap top/tablet/mobile. Free! Off road secure parking. Free! Anytime coffee/tea/juice/biscuits & hot/cold water station. Free! tea/coffee in your room. Free! tourist maps and brochures. Price includes complimentary full English breakfast.                   A Tropical Oasis with African Style     Rated Superb 9.1 (by guest reviews on major OTA) Excellent Rated By guests 9.3 Africa Regent Guest House Take our Virtual Tour: once the window pops up drag the corners of the box to make it bigger to see additional options Africa Regent Guest House is an Afristay Valued Member Africa Regent Durban North Guesthouse Bed & Breakfast accommodation | Africa Regent Guest House and bed and breakfast Durban | Durban North Guesthouse B7B accommodation Africa Regent | Africa Regent Penthouse Guest House accommodation Durban | Durban North accommodation Africa Regent Facilities | Durban North Bed and breakfast accommodation Africa Regent Guestbook | Africa Regent Rates for Durban North Guesthouse accommodation | Contact Durban North Guesthouse accommodation | Find Africa Regent Durban North Guesthouse Bed and Breakfast accommodation | SEO Resources Links - if you wish to link to www.africaregent.com please use the following script: <a href="http://www.africaregent.com/" target="_blank">Africa Regent Guest House / Bed and Breakfast accommodation situated in Durban North</a> This will be displayed as follows: Africa Regent Guest House / Bed and Breakfast accommodation situated in Durban North  