Amsterdam Canal Apartments Google Tag Manager (noscript) End Google Tag Manager (noscript) en es fr de it Amsterdam Canal Apartments Two comfortable canal suites in the heart of the historic city centre of Amsterdam Home Book now Conditions Canal view suite Delft Blue suite The location Guestbook Your city guide Art & culture Restaurants Shopping Bars & clubs Sports and recreation Transportation Events Activities and Fun Trips Health and safety Discount Cards History More sources About the host Home Book now – Conditions Canal view suite Delft Blue suite The location Guestbook Your city guide – Art & culture – Restaurants – Shopping – Bars & clubs – Sports and recreation – Transportation – Events – Activities and Fun – Trips – Health and safety – Discount Cards – History – More sources About the host Contact Bastiaan Oele Raamgracht 23 1011KJ Amsterdam Netherlands + 31 6 55734095 Send a request Free pickup Book more then 3 nights through this website and get a free airport taxi pickup. Winner of Certificate of Excellence on TripAdvisor Winner of Certificate of Excellence on TripAdvisor Amsterdam: two canal suites Two stylish, comfortable and complete  canal side suites  for 2 persons in the historic city centre of Amsterdam with everything of interest within walking distance of one mile. The Canal View suite offers a marvelous view on 2 canals. The Delft Blue suite offers original Delft Blue tiles, antiques and modern design.  BOOK ONE Free airport pickup Book more then 3 nights and get a free airport pickup. I will send a taxi to pick you up at the airport to take you to the apartment. A hassle free transfer! Two suites: Your home away from home The Canal View suite and the Delft Blue suite are suitable for a couple or two singles each. The apartments are equipped with really everything for a relaxed and comfortable stay to offer you a home away from home. In both you’ll find a living with original Dutch design and antiques, a kitchenette, a comfortable kingsize bed, a sleeping sofa + an extra single bed, a flatscreen TV, DvD, stereo, and free hispeed WiFi. Very central but quiet location The suites are romantically located in a 17th century canal house on the very quiet crossing of two canals (the Canal View Apartment offers you a  great view of this crossing) in the heart of the Unesco World Heritage site of the canal area. You can easily walk to all of Amsterdam’s highlights: most museums are just within a mile , some are even within a 5 minute stroll: the Hermitage, the Rembrandt museum and Royal Palace on Dam square. Restaurants, cafes and all kind of shops are practically next door. Rates for both Amsterdam Canal Suites The apartment rates are all inclusive : no hidden surprises. Base rate      €   200 Winter rate    €   150 Top season    €   210 Weekly rate   € 1200 Winter weekly €  950  Low Season: Nov 1- March 15 (except holiday season) Top Season: April 1- May 31 The basic minimum stay is three nights, during holidays and major events however five nights. Please check the   conditions How to book To book just send an email of click on your desired arrival date in the calendar and complete the reservation form request. Live among the Dutch Look inside Quiet and in the heart of the Canal Area overall availability - click to book Loading availability... The reviews See reviews of this accommodation . Amsterdam Canal Apartments Copyright © 2019 Powered by Stinngo 