Africade   home zanzibar retreats exclusive safaris private villas in africa cape town about us search contact welcome to my world of travel...   Are you dreaming of shades of blue, green and turquoise? Feeling a gentle breeze in your hair and hearing a soft lapping of water close by? Or are you yearning for a safari in the wide open spaces of the African bushveld? Do you wish to ‘ shoot the breeze ’ in a magical environment? Well you have come to the right place! I have organized many, many holidays for my clients since early 2000. Beach holidays in Zanzibar , Lamu , Mauritius, the Seychelles and Mozambique - and Safaris in Tanzania , Botswana , Zambia and South Africa. My secret ingredient is that I am deeply passionate about all of these places... and I know them well! I love nothing better than finding the perfect spot... which has just the right balance of beautiful nature, exquisite taste and design, passionate staff and an excellent offering to the guests. When I come across a spot like this I get so excited that I wish I would have started the place and created it myself... in fact it becomes mine, I feel so strongly about it! When I get a request from a client, I tune in to exactly what he or she wants. Or they might not even know yet what they are yearning for – but I will find out… and I will find the place for them which exactly matches this yearning! This is when the process of organizing an amazing holiday starts, and I want it to be a really pleasant and mutually understanding process. As we all know, anticipation is a big part of any holiday... PLANNING and LOOKING FORWARD to it is a wonderful pastime that should be cherished. So booking with me is not just about the final destination, but very much also about the journey to that dream destination. So lets get started by finding YOUR dream destination and making it a reality… whether its bumping along on safari in a pristine wilderness, or lying in a hammock at a paradise beach... or even chilling at a beautifully groovy beach bar… we'll make it happen!     top of page home zanzibar retreats exclusive safaris private villas in africa terms & conditions contact 