Olympic National Park Vacation Cottages | A Hidden Haven Forest Cottages | Pt Angeles Olympic Peninsula Lodging Skip to content 360-452-2719 | email BOOK NOW Map Contact standard logo mobile logo sticky header logo 5 Forest Cottages Compare All Cottages Woodland Retreat Cottage Whimsical Bear Cottage Forest Romance Cottage Morning Dove Cottage Sweet Heart Cottage Reserve & Policies Gallery About the Area Things to Do Restaurants & Wineries 5 Forest Cottages Compare All Cottages Woodland Retreat Cottage Whimsical Bear Cottage Forest Romance Cottage Morning Dove Cottage Sweet Heart Cottage Reserve & Policies Gallery About the Area Things to Do Restaurants & Wineries 5 Forest Cottages Compare All Cottages Woodland Retreat Cottage Whimsical Bear Cottage Forest Romance Cottage Morning Dove Cottage Sweet Heart Cottage Reserve & Policies Gallery About the Area Things to Do Restaurants & Wineries START REVOLUTION SLIDER 5.4.8.3 auto mode SLIDE MAIN IMAGE LAYERS LAYER NR. 1 Set on 20 acres of forest, ponds and waterfalls ... SLIDE MAIN IMAGE LAYERS LAYER NR. 2 5 private cottages appointed with luxury ... SLIDE MAIN IMAGE LAYERS LAYER NR. 3 5 miles from Olympic National Park ... SLIDE MAIN IMAGE LAYERS LAYER NR. 4 Natural tranquility in a forest setting ... SLIDE MAIN IMAGE LAYERS LAYER NR. 5 The perfect release for worldly cares ... SLIDE MAIN IMAGE LAYERS LAYER NR. 6 Plan to stay awhile! END REVOLUTION SLIDER Welcome Christine Gustafson 2019-05-22T02:41:05-07:00 Port  Angeles Vacation Cottages A Hidden Haven Forest Cottages … 5 miles to the Olympic National Park and Beaches Five luxury cottages set in the tranquil ambiance of 20 secluded acres with vibrant lawns, gardens, waterfalls, ponds, plants and wildlife. Wander our nature trail with 100 year old trees! Luxury accommodations and amenities. A Hidden Haven dwells outside of the coastal fog line – enjoying sunshine on most days. For a true nature experience on the Olympic Peninsula! Hand feed Spot the turtle and Prancer our reindeer. Singles, Couples, Families and Groups welcomed! SPRING SAVINGS! Join us for a magical pre-summer experience! Book 2 or more nights, through June 21, 2019, and receive 10% off your stay. Holiday weekends not included. Request when booking your stay. Must book directly with A Hidden Haven Forest Cottages. BOOK ONLINE HERE OR call 360-452-2719. A Labor of Love The 20 acre estate of A Hidden Haven was little more than saplings planted over from a log harvest when it was purchased in 1976 by its owners Chris and Jodi. For over 42 years they have nurtured, honored and shared their slice of heaven! Today it is a lush valley of rolling terrain sculpted by two streams that run throughout the well established forest. Enhanced by the careful guidance and hard work of man and machine, this hidden haven provides much of what the Olympic Peninsula has to offer right on site.  Nature & Wildlife The five luxury cottages that comprise A Hidden Haven are placed in the most idyllic of settings. An abundance of wildlife is called in from the surrounding wilderness by the sounds and feed produced by the life cycles of the streams. Birds, waterfowl, aquatic creatures and wild animals can be seen at times going about their daily business. A nature trail winds its way throughout the glen bringing you into the lush flora of the stream bottoms, over and along ridges of the valley sides and back into the lawns of the main gardens. Awards and Accolades A Hidden Haven Forest Cottages enjoys stellar reviews and media recommendations: Bed & Breakfast Of Choice by Organic Style Magazine – Best Places To Kiss In The Northwest – Treasures Of Western Washington – Best Romantic Inns – TripAdvisor – Olympic Peninsula Bed & Breakfast Association – Washington State Bed & Breakfast Guild – Sequim Chamber of Commerce – Port Angeles Chamber of Commerce – Forks Chamber of Commerce – Clallam Bay / Sekiu Chamber of Commerce – Olympic Peninsula Visitor & Convention Bureau The Joy of the Olympic Peninsula! index.php Thumbnails Pagination A HIDDEN HAVEN FOREST COTTAGES is a member of … fusion-row #main Contact Us A Hidden Haven Forest Cottages 1428 Dan Kelly Road Port Angeles, WA 98363 360-452-2719 stay@ahiddenhaven.com https://ahiddenhaven.com Your hosts: Chris & Jodi Jones Select a Cottage Compare All Cottages Woodland Retreat Cottage Whimsical Bear Cottage Forest Romance Cottage Morning Dove Cottage Sweet Heart Cottage View Site Map Guest Reviews “Wonderful! In all of our travels in bed and breakfasts, this has to be one of the best! Every detail was accounted for and within minutes after arrival, it seemed like we embarked on a home away from home! Thank you for making us comfortable!” – Steve, Newcastle WA See more reviews. fusion-columns fusion-row fusion-footer-widget-area copyright 2019  |   elegant website design: innlight marketing   |   dedicated wordpress hosting: acies communications  |   privacy policy fusion-fusion-copyright-content fusion-row #footer fusion-footer Toggle Sliding Bar Area Olympic National Park A Hidden Haven Forest Cottages is 5 easy miles to the the Olympic National Park entrance and less than 10 miles to the Visitor’s Center. Olympic National Park is an American national park located in the State of Washington, on the Olympic Peninsula. The park has four basic regions: the Pacific coastline, alpine areas, the west side temperate rainforest and the forests of the drier east side. Within the park there are three distinct ecosystems which are sub-alpine forest and wildflower meadow, temperate forest, and the rugged Pacific Shore. These three different ecosystems are in pristine condition and have outstanding scenery. President Theodore Roosevelt originally created Mount Olympus National Monument on 2 March 1909. It was designated a national park by President Franklin Roosevelt on June 29, 1938. In 1976, Olympic National Park was designated by UNESCO as an International Biosphere Reserve, and in 1981 as a World Heritage Site. In 1988, Congress designated 95 percent of the park as the Olympic Wilderness. Less than an hour from A Hidden Haven is the popular Hurricane Ridge with Visitors Center. Spectacular views of the Olympic National Park can be seen from the Hurricane Ridge viewpoint. This is one of many things to do when visiting our Port Angeles Vacation Cottages. wrapper ngg_resource_manager_marker 