Aan De Oever Guest House - Aan De Leisure End Facebook Pixel Code Skip to content Home About Us Swellendam Accommodation Aan De Oever Guest House Accommodation Rates & Terms Online Booking Photo & Video Gallery Guest Reviews Aan de Heuvel Self-Catering Cottage Accommodation Rates & Terms Photo & Video Gallery Guest Reviews Aan de Eike Guest House Mossel Bay Accommodation Aan de Zee @ Pinnacle Villa 7 – 4 Accommodation Rates & Terms Photo & Video Gallery Guest Reviews Aan de Zee @ Pinnacle Villa 8 – 4 Accommodation Rates & Terms Photo & Video Gallery Guest Reviews Specials Area Info Swellendam Mossel Bay Contact Us Blog BOOK NOW Book Now at Aan de Oever Book Now at Aan de Heuvel Book now at Aan De Eike Book Now at Aan De Zee @ Pinnacle Aan De Oever Guest House .entry-header Nestled between oak trees, at the foot of the Langeberg Mountains, Aan de Oever Guest house welcomes you. Aan de Oever, part of Aan de Leisure Collection, meaning on the river bank, is a house built in the Cape Dutch style, like many others in historic Swellendam, the third oldest town in South Africa. If you want a perfect setting for a holiday, honeymoon, business trip or a base from which to travel, we offer you an unforgettable experience with our famous breakfast to start your day. Swellendam is steeped in history & offers you, natural beauty with spectacular views. Awarded Four star grading, by TGCSA, Aan de Oever has exquisite accommodation in thirteen elegantly furnished bedrooms and suits, each with its own bathroom and private entrance. We have wonderful family and group options, including a few Self-Catering Cottages here in Swellendam. During your stay, enjoy our swimming pool, deck and ‘braai’ area with a sundowner in hand for golden hour, “cheers-ing” to the setting sun! We have an excellent selection of local wines form the Robertson Valley vineyards, our choice of beer, cider and a few soft drinks, just chat to our ‘Aandeawesome’ team who are always ready with a big smile to assist you. You may prefer to sit in our garden, listening to the Koornlands River bubbling by and listen to the many species of birds that frequent our garden. We are within walking distance of the museum, restaurants, art galleries and shops and we can provide you with all the information about actives in and around Swellendam. Swellendam is situated on the Garden Route, half way between Cape Town and George. It is thirty minutes’ drive to the well known Route 62 and roughly an hour’s drive to Cape Agulhas, the most Southern tip of Africa. The De Hoop Nature Reserve is about an hour and a half’s drive, a wonderful place for a day trip. The Robertson Wine Route is only half an hour away via Bonnievale. Book Now .entry-content #post-54 #main #primary #content Accommodation » Rates & Terms » Photo & Video Gallery » Guest Reviews » Aan De Leisure Collection C/O Swellengrebel St. & Hermanus Steyn St. Swellendam 6740 +27 (0)28 514 1066 +27 (0)83 250 4272 +27 (0)28 514 1066 info@adlc.co.za Quick Links Home About Us Swellendam Accommodation Mossel Bay Accommodation Specials Area Info Contact Us Blog BOOK NOW Our Properties Aan De Oever Guest House Aan de Heuvel Self-Catering Cottage Aan de Eike Guest House Aan de Zee @ Pinnacle Villa 7 – 4 Aan de Zee @ Pinnacle Villa 8 – 4 © 2018 - Aan de Leisure Collection Website design and hosting by S² Web Solutions #page 