Abba Castilla Plaza Hotel Abba Castilla Plaza Hotel Home (current) Privacy Policy Contact Us Search Home Common issues and dangers that may come in your way during a safari tour Main attractions in Brighton Big dogs for baby boomers who want to travel with their pets Common issues and dangers that may come in your way during a safari tour Safari tours are exciting. The tour becomes even more exciting when you are travelling from Australia to Tanzania Safari , Kenya Safari or Botswana Safari . But the fact is that when you are booking your Kenya Tours , Cuba Tours , Antarctic tours or the best Central America tours , you must be familiar with all the challenges and dangers that might be there and you should not ignore the basic issues and problems that may come your way. Most commonly, during South America travel and South Africa Tours the first main and the most common issues is the time that is needed. In case of you are travelling for the first, you just know that you will be spending hours to travel from your homeland to the destination country. This may lead to certain health issues though this could be temporary so you don’t have to be worried if you don’t have any serious health conditions. In addition to that when people are going for Tanzania Tours , and other places in south Africa, there could be a vast difference in the temperature so you have to be prepared for the fluctuation in the climate and the temperature that you will be facing in the tour and get ready to face it without compromising the health. Another very common issue is that when people visit safari park or some of the most dangerous waterfalls in such places, they forget about dangers and just want to get into it. This is dangerous and should be monitored on an individual level so that dangers can be avoided. Going through wild animals is possible if you don’t bother them, but in case if you do they may get irritated so you need to be careful while on a safari trip to the African safari park so that you can stay safe. Philippine travels - Recommended travel destinations for single travelers Tips for writing a Travelogue Home | Privacy Policy | Contact Us © Copyright abbacastillaplazahotel.com 2019 Privacy Policy × Please note we may provide content or links from or to other web sites through our web site. This privacy policy does not apply to these other web sites and we recommend that you review the privacy policy at each web site to determine how that site protects your privacy. The Information We Collect We do collect web site usage information from visitors to our site. This information is used for statistical purposes and helps us to evaluate how visitors use and navigate our web site including the number, frequency and length of visits to each page. We are then able to improve and further develop the web site. For security reasons we use software programs to monitor network traffic and identify any unauthorized attempts to change or upload information, or damage the system. We collect personal information when you request services from us. Generally we will tell you why we are collecting information when we collect it and how we plan to use it or these things will be obvious when we collect the information. When we collect personal information such as your name, email address, telephone number it will usually be for the purpose of providing goods or services that you have requested and if the law requires us to, we will seek your consent to collect it. We may share your information with other companies within Australia for the purpose of providing goods or services that you have requested. We also keep records of communications such as requests. We do this to make sure your requests and any issues you bring to our attention are attended to promptly and correctly. Our Use of ‘Cookies’ ‘Cookies’ are pieces of information that our web server transfers to your computer’s web browser for administrative reasons. Cookies do not personally identify people, rather they identify a computer, server and type of web browser. A cookie cannot retrieve any other data from your hard drive, pass on computer viruses, or capture your e-mail address or any other personally identifiable information. The information within the cookie is encrypted. You can adjust your computer browser settings so that you are informed when a cookie is being placed on your browser. You can also set your browser to decline or accept all cookies. The only cookies used on this website are for tracking purposes with Google. Access to Personal Information You have a right to access most personal information we hold about you and if we deny access in some circumstances we will tell you why. You may be required to put your request in writing for security reasons. We reserve the right to charge a fee for searching for, and providing access to, your information. Your Information on the Public Record There are numerous public records, such as birth certificates, judgments and orders, naturalisation records, ownership registrations patents and trademarks to name but a few. The Trade Marks Act, Patents Act, Designs Act and Plant Breeder's Rights allow public access to certain documents. How to Contact Us If you have any questions in relation to privacy, please contact us using our online form at [email protected] Changes to Privacy Policy and More Information We may need to change our privacy policy to take into account new laws, technology or changes to the way we provide our services. We will post any changes on the website or notify users by other means so that our clients are always aware of the information we collect and how we use it. Close Contact Us × Full Name Email Address Message Submit Close 