Ardlair Bed & Breakfast Top Vertex Calls Call mobile sidebar <ul class="menu"> Home Accommodation Bedroom 1 Bedroom 2 Bedroom 3 Rates Things to do & see Fishing Golfing Hillwalking Motorcycle Touring Photography Tripadvisor </ul> Call top bar for mobile devices if layout is responsive s5_responsive_mobile_top_bar_spacer must be called to keep a space at the top of the page since s5_responsive_mobile_top_bar_wrap is position absolute. s5_responsive_mobile_top_bar_wrap must be called off the page and not with display:none or it will cause issues with the togglers. Home Fixed Tabs Drop Down Parallax Backgrounds Floating Menu Spacer Body Padding Div Used For Responsive Spacing Header Home Accommodation Bedroom 1 Bedroom 2 Bedroom 3 Rates Things to do & see Fishing Golfing Hillwalking Motorcycle Touring Photography Tripadvisor End Header Morefield Brae, Ullapool Check Room Availability Award Winning Customer Satisfaction We Put Our Heart And Soul Into All We Do The Comfort We Offer Has No Limits Top Row1 End Top Row1 Top Row2 End Top Row2 Top Row3 End Top Row3 Center area End Center area Bottom Row1 Why You Should Stay At Ardlair Ullapool Ardlair Ullapool is a family run Guest House situated 1 mile north of the picturesque fishing village of Ullapool, enjoying an elevated panoramic view over Lochbroom and surrounding mountains. We are an excellent base for exploring the Highlands, whether you are into hill walking, climbing, fishing, photography or just relaxing and taking in the fantastic views. We are also a great base for exploring further up north in to the wilderness of Sutherland and the local Geo Park. Find Out What Makes Us One Of The Best In The Area Below are just some of the reasons why we are rated one of the best guest houses in Ullapool and surrounding areas.  Please fee free to visit our trip adivsor page to see what our previous clients have had to say about their stay.  Free unlimited Wifi access in your room,  Access your emails, browse the web etc.  Great views looking over loch broom and the surrounding area.   Spacious rooms offer lots of space for your luggage while you enjoy your stay.  We also offer secure off road parking for all of our guests whether you arrive in a car, van or motorcycle.  There are many walks suitable for all of the family including Ullapool hill path & Ullapool river path.  Ardlair is located on the main road just north of Ullapool giving you easy access to Ben Mor Coigach and surrounding mountains.   End Bottom Row1 Bottom Row2 End Bottom Row2 You are here:   Home Bottom Row3 Contact Us Address Information Ardlair, Morefield Brae, North Road, Ullapool, Ross-shire, Scotland, IV26 2TH Contact Us info@ardlairullapool.co.uk Tel. +44(0)1854 613417 End Bottom Row3 Footer Area Bottom Vertex Calls Page scroll, tooltips, multibox Start compression if enabled Additional scripts to load just before closing body tag Info Slide script - JS and CSS called in header Scroll Reavel script - JS called in header File compression. Needs to be called last on this file Responsive Bottom Mobile Bar Call bottom bar for mobile devices if layout is responsive Call mobile links if links are enabled and cookie is currently set to mobile Desktop Version Call bottom bar for all devices if user has chosen to see desktop version Closing call for mobile sidebar body wrap defined in includes top file Login Username Password Remember Me Log in Forgot your username? Forgot your password? Register You need to enable user registration from User Manager/Options in the backend of Joomla before this module will activate. Home Our Location Copyright © 2019. Ardlair Bed and Breakfast Ullapool | Ullapool Guest House. Designed by Shape5.com Joomla Templates End Footer Area Room Booking Please fill out the form below and our staff will be in contact with your shortly. Adults... 0 1 2 3 4 Children... 0 1 2 3 4 Your Message... Check Room Availability End Body Padding 