 [if IE 8]><html id="ie8" lang="en-US"> <![endif] [if !(IE 6) | !(IE 7) | !(IE 8) ]><! <![endif] Andon-Reid Inn Bed & Breakfast: Lodging in Waynesville North Carolina [if lt IE 9]> <script src="https://www.andonreidinn.com/wp-content/themes/twentyeleven/js/html5.js" type="text/javascript"></script> <![endif] Waynesville NC Call (828) 452-3089 for Assistance Gift Certificates Photo Gallery Driving Directions Check Availability | Book Online Menu Main menu Skip to primary content Skip to secondary content Home Rooms & Rates View All Rooms Garden Suite Carriage House Suite Grand Library Suite Magnolia Suite Blue Ridge Room Mountain View Room Chestnut Room Whole House Rentals Inn Policies Specials and Packages The Inn About the Inn History of the Inn Inn Policies Photo Gallery Read Our Blog Privacy Policy Breakfast and More Breakfast Baked Goodies and Specialty Teas The Area Attractions Dining Shopping The Great Outdoors Wineries, Craft Beer and Distilleries Business Travelers Find Us Map Directions Contact Us Award Winning Comfort and Hospitality with Beautiful Mountain Views Welcome to Andon-Reid Inn Bed & Breakfast! Originally constructed in 1902, the Andon-Reid Inn Bed & Breakfast is designated as a Waynesville, North Carolina historic property. This turn-of-the-century home reflects all the beauty, grace, and charm in its traditional style of architecture. Large windows, tall ceilings, extensive oak hardwood floors, and veranda porches that wrap around the house are but a few of the original attributes beckoning you to enjoy our beautiful mountain views. The seven spacious guestrooms and suites provide comfortable lodging featuring private bathrooms (most with spa tubs), working fireplaces, generous seating areas, coffee makers and refrigerators. Complimentary wireless internet is available throughout the Inn as well as concierge services, guest printer and cable TV for your convenience. When you arrive and step into our inviting guest lounge you will quickly appreciate our special service – TripAdvisor recognized this in 2012, 2015 and 2017, rating the Andon-Reid Inn a USA Top 25 B&B each time. Notes From The Innkeepers... Benefits of Booking Direct Guests booking directly by telephone or on this website will enjoy a price match guarantee, no blackout dates, no service charges, generous cancellation policy and early check-in or late check-out when available. There is no deposit charged upon booking (if booked more than 14 days in advance) and first consideration for upgrades will be given to those who book directly. Get personalized service from the Innkeepers who have knowledge of the area. Participate in the frequent stayer program. Fifth Night – Half Price. Andon-Reid Inn is the perfect location for virtually an unlimited number of splendid day trips throughout Western North Carolina. For this reason, many of our guests prefer one convenient, central location for the duration of their vacation in North Carolina. Guests receive a 50% discount on their fifth night and 10% discount on any subsequent nights when reserving the same room or suite. Special may not be available in peak season. Gift Certificates! Give the gift of a relaxing getaway. Give your loved ones the gift of tranquility when you give them a gift certificate to the Andon-Reid Inn. Gift certificates are thoughtful gifts for birthdays, anniversaries, babymoons or honeymoons. For the person who already has everything, instead of giving physical gifts, give a memory that will last a lifetime. Andon-Reid Inn Bed & Breakfast gift certificates do not expire and are accepted throughout the year with no blackout dates. They are available for any dollar amount greater than $50. Give the gift of casual, elegant accommodations. Single Night Stays – YES!  We usually have a two-night minimum stay. However, when we have single nights available, we will open them for single night stays (additional charge may apply). So if you only have time to visit for one night, look for our single night stays or call (828) 452-3089 for more information. Accommodations We provide elegant, comfortable, individual rooms and suites. Explore our stunning and unique options. LEARN MORE Local Attractions We are conveniently located close to the center of Waynesville. Come explore the breathtaking scenery. LEARN MORE Specials & Packages We offer appealing specials and packages to make your stay memorable. Check out our current offerings. LEARN MORE Latest Posts From Our Blog A Great Smoky Mountains history tour : As owners of a professionally run B&B we don’t often promote the services of Airbnb.  The “book direct” rates on our own website www.andonreidinn.com are… Fine dining secrets of Western North Carolina : There is no shortage of fine dining opportunities in Western North Carolina.  That’s no secret.  Places like Asheville have some renowned restaurants.  Fewer people are… America gives Vegemite a thumbs up! : Last Saturday, June 15 was international Vegemite day.  As I had explained in a previous post, we decided to celebrate this momentous occasion by offering…   92 Daisy Avenue Waynesville, NC 28786 Phone: (828) 452-3089 https://www.andonreidinn.com info@andonreidinn.com Latitude: 35.487108   Longitude: -82.998908 Professional Photography by Jumping Rocks Photography Responsive Design, Marketing and Hosting by Acorn Internet Services, Inc. Privacy Policy Accessibility Statement Site Map 