
Annies Place Retreat 
Skip to content
Home
About
Gallery
Contact
Privacy
Welcome to Annie’s Place Bed & Breakfast, Accommodation Lismore
Posted on July 15, 2014 by Jacqueline Peters
Enjoy the peace and quiet of rural living only minutes from Lismore at Annies Place Bed and Breakfast accommodation.

Conveniently located, Annie’s Place B & B is also a short driving distance from Ballina, Byron Bay, Lennox Head, Nimbin and Casino.

Come and sit on the verandah, enjoy the views – great sunsets – overlooking a 13 acre macadamia hobby farm. Stroll the property in search of wildlife and listen to the varied birdsong. The country style farmhouse has a warm homely ambiance and provides quiet corners in which to relax.

Your stay includes a breakfast spread of home grown and local produce and you are welcome to indulge in a cooked breakfast if you desire.



Share this...
Share on FacebookTweet about this on TwitterShare on LinkedInShare on TumblrShare on StumbleUponDigg this
Posted in Main	| Tagged annies place retreat	| Leave a comment

 
Advertisements

Recent Posts
Welcome to Annie’s Place Bed & Breakfast, Accommodation Lismore
The Hermitage Silent Retreat Center Guatemala
Video Player


00:00
02:58


Pages
About
Benefits of Hiring The Most Trusted SEO Company Adelaide
Benefits of Taking Your Ride to the Official Mercedes Service – BPBAuto.com.au
Best Modern Blinds for the Futuristic Homeowner
Choosing the Right Dentist in Seaton – Tips On How To Find The Best
Contact
El USB 4 Data Logger – Why You Should Get One
Exterior Home Renovation Tips for Home Sellers
Five Tips to Build A Strong Retaining Wall
Four Reasons Why You Should Hire Copywriters Adelaide to Work for Your Business
Gallery
How a Residential Solar Power System Benefits You
How Much Should You Pay for a Roll of Silage Wrap www.SilageWrap.com.au?
How You Can Utilise and Benefit from Folding Arm Awnings
Pre-Auction Building Inspection Melbourne – Know Exactly What You’re Paying For
Privacy
The Benefits of Having Office Coffee Machines Adelaide
The Importance of Hiring a Building and Pest Inspection Expert Adelaide
The Many Ways of Benefitting from Envirotemp
The Reasons That Justify the Hiring of an Event Planner
The Undeniable Benefits of a Ducted Reverse Cycle Split Air Conditioning System
Thinking About Artificial Grass? Ways You Can Benefit from It
Three Reasons Why You Should Consider Pergolas
Three Tips on How to Choose the Best Freight and Transport Companies Adelaide
Top 3 Benefits of Having Custom Garden Sheds Adelaide
Top Bathroom Renovation Tools 2019
What Makes a Trendy Yet Quality Pair of Running Shoes?
When You Need a Divorce Lawyer
Categories
Main
Weather


