Amherst Welcome Our Rooms Your Stay Book Contact us Welcome Our Rooms Your Stay Book Contact us Scroll     Welcome to Amherst Brighton Amherst Brighton is conveniently located guest house in the heart of Kemptown only a stone’s throw from the sea with some of our rooms having sea views. The town centre is a ten minute walk with its famous lanes and a great selection of restaurants and bars. The pier is even closer so there’s loads to do on our doorstep. All of our rooms offer great quality fixtures and fittings and our pocket sprung mattresses with crisp bedding will guarantee you a comfortable night’s sleep. Although we don’t offer breakfast there are tea/coffee facilities in each room with complimentary snacks. We have also provided a kitchenette with a microwave so that you can relax and feel at home. Please get in touch with us if you have any queries or would like to make a booking, we’re always happy to help.     “ My boyfriend and I had a great experience at Amherst Brighton! The manager checked us in and he was very friendly and made us feel so welcome. The room was big and airy with a sea view, and the hotel was a few minutes walk from the pier so couldn’t complain. Everyone was really accommodating and we even got a later checkout and left our luggage there for later collection. Would recommend! There were some complimentary bottles of water and milk in the mini fridge, plus coffee and tea. ” — Grace “ I stayed in Amherst hotel for 2 nights and I had the very best time. The room was clean, tidy, the bedding was spotless and smelled so fresh, also 2 sets of towels and anything you need for a comfortable stay. Pawel and Lukas from reception where very friendly and helpful, always in a good mood, super polite and ready to help. ” — Alexandra “ From the top floor room we could see the sea just two hundred metres or so away. The room was very comfortable with a kitchenette and plates for the odd take away. A very big and comfy bed. Received a phone call just before we arrived checking we were OK and received a room upgrade upon arrival. Found a tiny bar nearby with a good selection of beers and live music. ” — Mark, booking.com       Location Amherst Brighton 2 Lower Rock Gardens Brighton BN2 1PG     Contact +44 (0) 7871 813 647 + 44 (0)1273 670 131 i nfo@amhersthotel.co.uk         BRIGHTON Our Story Gallery What they say... Contact New Page Amherst Brighton 2 Lower Rock Gardens, Brighton, England, BN2 1PG, United Kingdom 01273670131 info@amhersthotel.co.uk Hours Mon 9am - 9pm Tue 9am - 9pm Wed 9am - 9pm Thu 9am - 9pm Fri 9am - 9pm Sat 9am - 9pm Sun 9am - 9pm 