Anegada Reef Hotel: Anegada Hotels Anegada Reef Hotel (284) 495-8002 E-mail: sales@rezstream.com Accommodations All Rooms Ocean Deluxe Ocean View Rooms Policies General Resort Information General Info Travel Info In Memorium Dining Activities Photos Contact Book Online Slide 3 Slide 2 Slide 4 Slide 8 Slide 5 Slide 6 Slide 7 #slider Welcome to Anegada Reef Hotel Come Relax and Enjoy Anegada Island with Us Come to beautiful, unspoiled Anegada where there is nothing between you and Africa other than blue-green water, white deserted beaches and magnificent coral reefs. The Northern most of the British Virgin Islands in the Caribbean, Anegada is known for Horseshoe Reef, the largest coral reef in the Caribbean and miles of pristine, white sand beaches. The reef is filled with exotic marine life makes snorkeling and diving in the bright blue green water a favorite of our guests. Located on the beach at Settling Point, the intimate and charming  20 rooms of Anegada Reef Hotel  was opened in 1976 by Lowell and Vivian Wheatley and is now operated by their children Lawrence and Lorraine Wheatley. The hotel rooms have all the modern amenities including air conditioning, coffee makers and irons. The rooms and patios are spacious and tastefully decorated with a cool, light island touch. Sip a Smoothie, our special drink, at our beach bar.  Just write your name on the tab, and when you need to move on, just settle up: our very own 'honour' bar! Also enjoy dining outside on the beach or at the Garden Restaurant. The recently renovated Ocean Deluxe rooms have an airy feel with new shaded entrances. The extended bathroom area offers a beautifully tiled extra-large shower and granite vanity. Wooden sliding doors provides extra privacy. Additional amenities include hair dryer and mini fridge. New, fresh and beautiful appointments complement the setting in the standard Ocean View rooms offering comfort and a quiet retreat with view of the ocean or landscaped gardens. Lawrence and Lorraine will do everything to please their guests whose special needs are graciously attended to.  The hotel offers many activities and side trips to keep you as active as you'd like, or just kick back, borrow a book from their collection, and feel the sand between your toes! Recently Renovated Rooms Enjoy the view from our Anegada Our Ocean View rooms at our Anegada resort are spacious and recently renovated with shaded entrances. The well sized bathroom area offers a beautifully tiled large shower and granite vanity. Wooden sliding doors provide excellent privacy. Additional amenities include: Patio with seating for two … continue reading >> Ocean View Rooms From $155- $225 / night A Boutique Anegada Resort Of the hotels on Anegada, the recently renovated Ocean Deluxe rooms are the favorite. The Ocean deluxe have a light, airy feel with new shaded entrances. The extended bathroom area offers a beautifully tiled extra-large shower and granite vanity. Wooden sliding doors provides extra privacy. Additional … continue reading >> Ocean Deluxe From $275- $320 / night Testimonials Romantic dinner This is our third visit and we will be back again. The ambiance is very special and romantic. The service is wonderful. The food was really good and spaced out perfectly. Get the lobster!!! The key lime pie was great too. TripAdvisor – Scottsdale, Arizona A wonderful 4 days in Paradise! Never having been to Anegada before, we were delighted to find this little gem open for business in spite of the 2017 hurricanes. From our arrival to our departure we received nothing but the best personal attention and hospitality of the highest quality from Vivian, Harella, Lawrence and their friendly staff. Our ocean facing room was exceptional and provided all that we wanted for our relaxing few days on this wonderful island. Dining on the deliciously BBQ’d Anegada lobster at the water’s edge is an experience not to be missed! TripAdvisor – Greater London, United Kingdom Best sunset and lobster dinner in the BVI This is my 3rd time sailing ourselves to the Reef Hotel for a beautiful sunset and dinner. The lobster is awesome, the people friendly and wonderful. The rooms are clean and comfortable. Its a great respite to get off the boat and have air conditioned night sleep with a full belly. You are on island time, relax and enjoy yourself. The one thing on Anegada is that there are little no see um that you will need to apply a bit of bug spray at night. Especially if there is no wind. It is a low lying island it is just the way it is. TripAdvisor – Breckenridge, Colorado Amazing hospitality! We found ourselves at the ARH after unexpectedly being unable to sail any further. Vivian & the entire staff made us feel welcome and in safe hands, from the moment we walked up to the beach bar! They were so kind & welcoming that we decided to stay several nights. The best part of our stay was the staff – they went out of their way to make us & other guests comfortable and happy. We will always make sure we stop in Anegada and stay at the ARH when we’re in the islands! Thank you! TripAdvisor – Rhode Island </p> <h3 class="widget-title">Contact</h3> <p> Anegada Reef Hotel Setting Point Anegada | British Virgin Islands Phone: (284) 495-8002 | Fax: (284) 495-9362 info@anegadareef.com Book Now Rooms Gallery Contact Privacy Policy Terms Of Use INTERNET MARKETING & TMCS WEBSITE BY REZSTREAM #page HFCM by 99 Robots - Snippet # 2: RezStream Booking Engine Widget (284) 495-8002 Checking Availability... Checking Availability /end HFCM by 99 Robots 