Acclaim Holiday Parks - W.A. leading Caravan & Camping Accommodati Park Locations & Bookings Home About News FAQ Careers Corporate Park Homes For Sale Contact Toggle Navigation Acclaim Holiday Parks Book Now Rates & Availability Perth Kalgoorlie Norseman Esperance Albany Park Locations & Bookings Home About News FAQ Careers Corporate Park Homes For Sale Contact After such a long drive it was such a treat to find a place like Gateway Sophie, W.A. Congratulations to the Rose Gardens team this year who were fantastic. Sue, Mount Barker Prospector clean! clean! clean! and very friendly! T.D. Switzerland The staff at Goldminer were courteous, helpful and professional. Jean, Collingwood Park Third time lucky. 1st park dog unfriendly, 2nd a sardine park, The Prospector excellent from the moment we walked into the office. J.S Little Grove Pleasant staff to speak to and efficient with bookings and queries at Rose Gardens. Heather, Mt Barker Staff very friendly and helpful at Albany Holiday Park, were willing to go beyond customer expectations Mrs Brown, Pearsall Kylie and Zane now at Pine Grove very keen. Returned our call straight away. Phil, Carine. Very friendly staff, found them to be better than the last 30 parks i have been to in 4 months. More parks should follow the attention these guys give. Phillip, Mount Nathan Rose Gardens a friendly and well supervised park. Jock is a legend, he can back a 5th wheeler into the smallest of spaces. John, W.A. Cheerful and friendly staff at Albany Holiday Park. Ready to give information on places to go and things to see. Chris, Rathmines Prospector was accommodating in every aspect and also staff extremely helpful with sightseeing around. Well done! Chris, Ipswich My wife and I had a very nice stay at this campsite, we would definitely recommend your services. David, United Kingdom Very friendly & helpful even outside of work hours. Lots of tips & general knowledge that we found helpful. James, Leopold Friendly, helpful and attentive. Bumped into the manager on his day off and he stopped for a chat and to see if we needed any assistance, Good value! Barry, Edgehill The staff are very welcoming and so friendly at Prospector. Gary, Wensleydale Welcome to Acclaim Holiday Parks Acclaim Holiday Parks offer the discerning guest a wide variety of accommodation throughout their friendly parks across the Perth and Swan Valley area, the Great Southern and Golden Outback of Western Australia.  From powered sites for large caravans, many with ensuites, to budget cabins, chalets, beach villas, spa villas or larger family accommodation, you will find your perfect holiday site with Acclaim.  Ask about our free Acclaim Caravan & Camping Club Discount Card. Stay updated Sign up to our newsletter for all the latest specials. First name Last name Email address * Sign up News Jul 14, 2019 Swan Valley Christmas in July Long Table Feast Read More Jun 20, 2019 Bald Head Walk Trail Read More Jun 7, 2019 ACCLAIM WINTER SPECIAL Read More May 20, 2019 GOLDFEVER FESTIVAL, NORSEMAN Read More May 20, 2019 GATEWAY CARAVAN PARK MAY NEWSLETTER Read More Apr 29, 2019 OUR EASTER MEDLEY Read More All News Perth Kalgoorlie Norseman Esperance Albany /.container Get your FREE Acclaim Club card Register Now <i class="fa fa-quote-right fa-2x pull-right"></i> <i class="fa fa-quote-left fa-2x pull-left"></i> <p class="tagline text-center">Great Service at Goldminer<br /> </p> Friendly, helpful and attentive. Bumped into the manager on his day off and he stopped for a chat and to see if we needed any assistance, Good value! Barry, Edgehill Perth Swan Valley Tourist Park Kingsway Tourist Park Kalgoorlie Prospector Holiday Park Goldminer Caravan Park Norseman Gateway Caravan Park Esperance Pine Grove Holiday Park Albany Rose Gardens Beachside Holiday Park Albany Holiday Park Home About FAQ Careers Corporate Accomodation Park Homes Contact Facebook Instagram © 2019 Acclaim Holiday Parks | Sitemap user info Website by Bam Creative © 2019 Acclaim Holiday Parks . Website by Bam Creative . 