Arizona Guided Van Tours by Across Arizona Tours End Facebook Pixel Code Global site tag (gtag.js) - AdWords: 970724881 Google Tag Manager (noscript) End Google Tag Manager (noscript) Online Special: 10% Off One Day Van Tours See All Tours > Book your next tour today. Call (888) 533-1813 One-Day Tours About Our One-Day Van Tours Grand Canyon with Sedona & Navajo Reservation Sedona, Jerome & Montezuma Castle Phoenix, Scottsdale & Heard Museum Sedona Red Rocks & Wine Country Apache Trail & Dolly Steamboat Two-Day Tours About Our Two-Day Van Tours Monument Valley, Grand Canyon & Sedona Tucson & Tombstone Custom Van Tours Corporate Tours About Our Corporate Tours Apache Trail & Dolly Steamboat Corporate Tour Grand Canyon & Navajo Reservation Corporate Tour Grand Canyon & Sedona Corporate Tour Phoenix, Scottsdale & Desert Botanical Garden Corporate Tour Phoenix, Scottsdale & Heard Museum Corporate Tour Phoenix, Scottsdale & Taliesin West Corporate Tour Sedona & Montezuma Castle National Monument Corporate Tour Sedona & Wine Country Corporate Tour Tombstone Corporate Tour Tucson & Sonora Desert Museum Corporate Tour Destinations Discover Arizona The Grand Canyon Sedona Northern Arizona Southern Arizona Book Your Tour! About Us About Across Arizona Tours Our Van Tours Customer Reviews Contact Us s s s The beauty that is the Grand Canyon Sedona Monument Valley the journey Arizona Grand Canyon Van Tours Our Grand Canyon tours depart every day and are available with a variety of other incredible locations and milestones of Northern Arizona, from Sedona and the Navajo Reservation, to Monument Valley. Book Now See Details Sedona Van Tours Our Sedona tours depart every day and can be paired with the other milestones and attractions of Northern Arizona, including the Grand Canyon National Park, the Navajo Reservation, Montezuma Castle National Park, Jerome, and Monument Valley. Book Now See Details Van Tours Throughout Arizona With Northern Arizona having so much to see, Across Arizona Tours offers a sightseeing tour that takes in some of the most beautiful landscape anywhere. Plus, it introduces you to the culture of the Navajo Indian Reservation. Book Now See Details Apache Trail & Dolly Steamboat Van Tours Take a step back into Arizona history with Across Arizona Tours as we explore interesting attractions on the legendary Apache Trail and take a sightseeing trip on Dolly Steamboat on Canyon Lake. Book Now See Details Guided Van Tours of Arizona's Famous Landmarks & Attractions Across Arizona Tours provides one and two day guided tours to travelers in a relaxing environment with friendly and knowledgeable hosts helping them discover the beauty, history, and hidden gems of Arizona and return with lifelong memories. Grand Canyon with Sedona & Navajo Reservation Tour Departs Every Day Departs: 6:30 am - 7:30 am Returns: 7:30 pm - 8:30 pm Adult: $168.00 $151.00 Child (age 3-12): $84.00 $75.50 Book Now View Details Sedona Montezuma Castle & Jerome Tour Departs Every Day Departs: 6:30 am - 7:30 am Returns: 5:00 pm - 6:00 pm Adult: $129.00 $116.00 Child (age 3-12): $64.50 $58.00 Book Now View Details Apache Trail Dolly Steamboat Tour Departs Tuesdays & Thursdays Departs: 8:30 am - 9:30 am Returns: 4:30 pm - 5:30 pm Adult: $129.00 $116.00 Child (age 3-12): $64.50 $58.00 Book Now View Details One Day Tours View Details arrow_forward Two Day Tours View Details arrow_forward Corporate Tours View Details arrow_forward Custom Tours View Details arrow_forward What They're Saying... Kim was an infinite wealth of knowledge regarding local scenery, landmarks, plant life and folklore. I strongly recommend to anyone contemplating this tour to jump in and to be prepared for a memorable day of breathtaking beauty. - Christine, Pennsylvania Excellent, long day tour! Our driver as Dan and he was very knowledgeable and friendly. A great way to see Arizona. Highly recommend. - Connie, Washington What a great experience! My family had an amazing trip! Eric was our driver. He was very friendly, professional, and knowledgeable about everything in the areas we drove through. - Kevin, New York Excellent Tour of The Grand Canyon, Sedona & Navajo with Frank C. as our tour guide. Simply as best a tour bus guide as it could possibly get. - Vincent, Texas I had the pleasure of having Kim as my guide and driver. This was my first time in Arizona and I really feel that going on this tour with this company was absolutely responsible for me having such a memorable time. - Gale, Connecticut Eric was outstanding throughout the day and just added to the experience. If you get the opportunity to do this trip then do it! - Steve, United Kingdom Bee took us on a fun-filled educational trip to the Grand Canyon. She filled the drive time, 3+ hours each way, with the most educational discussion of everything Arizona. Her recommendations for local food at the Navajo Reservation were spot-on. The stops along the south rim were equally impressive. - Pat, Illinois Taylor the driver/tour guide was amazing. He shared stories about the geography, history, natives and plants along the entire journey. - Nicole, Florida Dan was extremely knowledgeable of every area we visited and had many historical and also entertaining stories of all the areas. - John, Virginia This trip did not disappoint! We saw so much in such a short amount of time, given the fact we were coming from Phoenix. He made the trip absolutely perfect. - Terie, Oklahoma chevron_left chevron_right Explore the Grand Canyon State with Arizona's Favorite Van Tour Company, Across Arizona Tours! Across Arizona Tours specializes in exciting and informative sightseeing tours, departing from Phoenix, Scottsdale, Tempe, Mesa, and other Valley of the Sun towns in the area. We have Daily Tours and Custom Group Tours throughout the State of Arizona. Our staff of professional tour planners can create a custom one-day or multiple-day tour with destinations specifically for you. Explore Arizona your way with a Custom Tour from Across Arizona Tours. Learn more about us! Browse Our Tours One-Day Van Tours About Our One-Day Van Tours Grand Canyon with Sedona & Navajo Reservation Sedona, Jerome & Montezuma Castle Phoenix, Scottsdale & Heard Museum Sedona Red Rocks & Wine Country Apache Trail & Dolly Steamboat Two-Day Van Tours About Our Two-Day Van Tours Monument Valley, Grand Canyon & Sedona Tucson & Tombstone Custom Van Tours Corporate Van Tours About Our Corporate Tours Apache Trail & Dolly Steamboat Corporate Tour Grand Canyon & Navajo Reservation Corporate Tour Grand Canyon & Sedona Corporate Tour Phoenix, Scottsdale & Desert Botanical Garden Corporate Tour Phoenix, Scottsdale & Heard Museum Corporate Tour Phoenix, Scottsdale & Taliesin West Corporate Tour Sedona & Montezuma Castle National Monument Corporate Tour Sedona & Wine Country Corporate Tour Tombstone Corporate Tour Tucson & Sonora Desert Museum Corporate Tour Get Email Alerts for Special Promotions & Deals Follow Across Arizona Tours Check out Across Arizona Tours on Yelp © 2010 - 2019 Across Arizona Tours. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Web Design by BX3 Interactive Tap To Call 