African Safaris to Tanzania National Parks and Kilimanjaro Hiking Welcome to African Dream Adventure Safaris, LLC All rights reserved under American and International copyright conventions for the artwork and photographic material contained on our web page. Unauthorized reproduction in any manner is prohibited. Our guests who safari with us may use the photos for their own personal use, provided they are not represented as their own original photos. Manufactured or mass produced copies of this web page photos and art work prohibited [ HOME ] [ KILIMANJARO ] [ SAFARI ] [ NATIONAL PARKS ] [ FAQ'S ] [ DISCLAIMER ] [ INFO REQUEST ] [ CONTACT US ] [ SITE MAP ] [ E-MAIL ] Hello! My name is Larry Moon and I am the new owner of African Dream Adventure Safaris, LLC. This company is a family based USA Travel Company specializing in Kilimanjaro excursions and/or safaris throughout the game and National parks of Tanzania. I am a US citizen and resident, when I’m not traveling my home is Boulder, Colorado USA. Allow me to introduce my company.  My love of adventure travel inspired me to own a company specializing in sharing adventure travel to the eastern Africa country of Tanzania.  My passion is to assist my customers discover and experienced one of the most fantastic places on earth. African Dream Adventure Safaris was founded in order to offer travel enthusiasts and adventurers alike a module in which they can experience the beauty and power of Tanzania. It is our personal desire to assist you in your own experience of a lifetime.   Achieving the monumental task of summiting Uhuru Peak on mighty Kilimanjaro, experiencing the timeless beauty of an authentic African safari to one of the many game parks, not to mention coming face to face with some of the animal kingdoms mightiest beasts is something that will never be forgotten by the few that have the privilege of firsthand experiencing their power. I would consider it a privilege and honor to accommodate the planning and coordination of your African Dream Adventure Safari.  If an African adventure would be your lifetime dream come true, then please sit back and read on… If hiking one of the established routes such as Marangu , Machame , Rongai , Umbwe , Shira or Lemosho to the dizzying peak of Mt. Kilimanjaro (5,895 m or 19,340 ft), aka the Roof of Africa is your desire - then look no further. If it’s the more challenging Western Breach, or the ultimate experience of spending a night in Crater Camp, Kilimanjaro’s highest camp site at 5,790 m, or even a shorter trek up Mt. Meru, we will accommodate whatever your dream may be. Furthermore, if trekking up mountains isn’t your cup of tea, or if you’d like to make the most of your stay in Tanzania before or after your climb, ask about our game safaris that will put you in the heart of the wildlife parks in the area.  However I must personally warn you that once you experience this trip you may find yourself drawn back to Tanzania and will most likely never be able to get Africa out of your thoughts.  Tanzania is home to some of the most spectacular game and National Parks in all of Africa. It is here that you will find the “big five” (water buffalo, elephant, leopard, lion and rhino) along with all the other wildlife - all in their natural habitat, which in itself commands respect. Because our operation is based in the heart of safari country we can take you near or far. Perhaps you’d like to see the world famous Serengeti , Lake Manyara , Tarangire , or Ngorongoro Crater or stay close to Arusha and visit the local National Game Park . We specialize in customizing your trip. If you’d like to get comfortable with nature from a primitive tent or enjoy it from the balcony of a luxury lodge - we can make it all happen for you! We provide consulting and custom ready-made travel arrangements along with fully organized Kilimanjaro Trekking and Safari packages.  We are small enough to allow the flexibility not provided by “larger” companies yet large enough to provide a quality experience. Our mission is to be the most passionate and caring provider by coordinating a safari and/or trek up Kilimanjaro that will provide the experience of a lifetime that suits all budgets. Give us a chance and we will give you our 110% effort to meet or exceed your expectations.  Let us know what interests you and we are here to help make it happen. Sincerely your dedicated fellow travel enthusiast Larry larry@africandreamadventuresafaris.com Kilimanjaro Summit African Safari Kibo from Machame Forest Maasai of Africa Serengeti Lion Safari Click photo to enlarge Original Logo and artwork created by Ellie Record - check out her work at http://ellierecord.com/ 