Whangarei Central Holiday Park | Affordable Accommodation - Whangarei Central Holiday Park Call Us Email Us Close Navigation Home Accommodation Accommodation Apartments Motel Unit Self Contained Studio Kitchen Cabin Family Room Stand Alone Cabin Twin Single Little Backpacker Powered Site Tent Sites Facilities Location Whangarei Whangarei Whangarei Beaches Gardens, Parks & Waterfalls Museums and Art Galleries Whangarei's Wildlife Restaurants and Bars Shopping Whangarei Events School Holiday Programmes Gallery Enquiries Book Now Arrival: Departure: Check Availability Best Price Guaranteed Your ideal Whangarei accommodation Whangarei is the perfect destination for your next holiday and you'll find a warm welcome here at our Whangarei holiday park and apartment accommodation. Accommodation From: NZ $84.00 - 2 adults per night Subject to availability Read More FREE WiFi when you book direct with us Stay 2 nights at full rate for 2 adults & receive 1GB FREE WiFi (Must be mentioned on check-in) Subject to availability Book Now Your ideal Whangarei accommodation Whangarei is the perfect destination for your next holiday and you'll find a warm welcome here at our Whangarei holiday park and apartment accommodation. Powered Site NZ $19.00 per person, per night Subject to availability Read More Your ideal Whangarei accommodation Whangarei is the perfect destination for your next holiday and you'll find a warm welcome here at our Whangarei holiday park and apartment accommodation. Subject to availability Enquire Now Accommodation Accommodation Enjoy a relaxing holiday or weekend away in Whangarei with one of our many room options. Read More Location Location Whangarei Central Holiday Park  is an easy ten minute stroll from Whangarei town centre and a five minute walk to Tarewa Shopping Centre.  Read More Whangarei Things to do Whangarei has a lot of offer. We have beachs, gardens, parks, waterfalls, museums and even art galleries plus loads more! Read More Facilities Facilities Here at Whangarei Central Holiday Park, you will find well-maintained facilities and friendly hosts and a great location, close to Whangarei town centre. Read More Great Whangarei Accommodation Options Choose from our affordable range of Whangarei accommodation options, including our split-level Apartments and Motel unit, a Two Bedroom Unit and Self Contained Units. We also offer a Kitchen/DVD Cabin, Family Rooms, Stand Alone Cabins, Twin Single Rooms and a Little Backpacker Room. If you prefer to bring your own gear, park up your motor home, campervan or caravan in one of our Powered Sites or pitch your tent under the willows on one of our Tent Sites. Superb Facilities Our great Whangarei holiday park facilities includes a BBQ area, a large kitchen area, a spacious lounge and dining area, two laundries and clean communal bathrooms. For your entertainment we've a great range of DVDs for sale and a modern playground for the kids. To keep in touch with loved ones, or simply check the weather for the week, we have a great computer room, with broadband internet, Skype with Webcam. Wireless Internet is also available through out the park. Our Park Security Gate is open 7.00am - 10.30pm, 7 days.   Gallery Gallery With over 100 beaches, the Whangarei coast  is the perfect destination for your summer holiday. The sheltered, beautiful, Whale Bay with idyllic white sand and azure waters is the perfect destination for a family picnic, with a safe beach for swimming. Just over the hill you will find Woolley’s Bay and Sandy Bay, well known as great surf spots. View Gallery Trip Advisor Trip Advisor Contact your Whangarei Central Holiday Park hosts Brad and Clare today! Our apartments, motel units, self contained rooms, cabins, backpackers, tent sites and motor home sites provide Whangarei accommodation for every budget. Read More Fantastic Location Accommodation at Whangarei Central Holiday Park is within easy walking distance to Whangarei's buzzing town centre, with trendy restaurants, cafes, bars, and a beautiful waterfront, the Town Basin, which features a great selection of tourist shops. You'll also find some great Whangarei activities to keep you and your family or friends busy. With over 100 beaches, an abundance of native bush walks, breathtaking scenery and three great wildlife parks, you'll find Whangarei has a lot to offer. Contact Us Visit Whangarei Central Holiday Park Location 34 Tarewa Road, Whangarei Northland , New Zealand Directions Phone +64 (0) 9 438 6600 0800 580 581 Email Us Crafted With Love By Square Circle | Client Login 