Anne's Windy Poplars - Resort Cottages in Cavendish, Prince Edward Island Google Tag Manager (noscript) End Google Tag Manager (noscript) See our comments on Trip Advisor end of #logo vacation@anneswindypoplars.com 1-800-363-5888 Book Online Now! end of .social-icons end of #top-widget Home Cottages Packages Reservation Policies The Resort Things To Do Blog Locate Us Contact Us Specials end of #header Home Previous Next .meteor-nav .mslide .mslide .mslide .mslide .mslide .mslide .mslide .mslide .mslide .mslide .mslide .mslide .mslide .mslide .mslide .meteor-clip .meteor-slides Welcome PEI – Your Guide to PEI Travel Information from the Local’s Perspective Anne’s Windy Poplars Cavendish Cottages A Hot Tub Cottage resort, Anne’s Windy Poplars is one of the most popular places to stay in Cavendish, PEI for your PEI vacation. Surrounded by mature trees and lawns, and minutes away from the PEI National Park and Anne of Green Gables, our luxurious 4 and 4.5 star cottages with whirlpool baths, fireplaces and private outdoor hot tubs provide the perfect place to stay in Cavendish. Whether you are looking for a romantic interlude, a golfing getaway or family fun, our 2, 3 and 5 bedroom fully equipped cottages have something for everyone. Be sure to check out our Golf, Romance and Family Packages to get the most out of your PEI vacation. Cavendish and the surrounding areas offer many things to do to experience PEI. There are four championship golf courses nearby and lots of shopping, great food and opportunities for fun and adventure with the family. But many of our guests spend time just enjoying our many resort amenities, including a heated pool, exercise room, sauna and recreation hall. Family run for over 30 years, we love sharing this beautiful Island with our guests and look forward to welcoming you to Anne’s Windy Poplars Cavendish Cottages. Check Out Our Specials! MAY HOT TUB SPECIAL - $159.00 a night for a Hot Tub Executive Cottage. From May 1 to May 26. This is a couple’s special and for new reservations only. Minimum 2 nights. Subject to availability. Taxes extra. MAY $99.00 SPECIAL - $99.00 a night for this Deluxe 2 bedroom cottage. From May 1 to May 26. For new reservations only. Minimum 2 nights. Subject to availability. Taxes extra. #CavendishForever - Cavendish, PEI, the most popular vacation destination in Eastern Canada. Whether you’re young, older or part of a family, there is something to enjoy for everyone. Our cuisine is exquisite, our adventure parks are both fun and stimulating, our national … Read more › end of .read-more end of .post-entry end of #post-8 end of #content-full end of #wrapper end of #container Waterfront Land for Sale end of col-380 fit Home Cottages Packages Reservation Policies The Resort Things To Do Blog Locate Us Contact Us Specials end of col-540 end of col-940 7195 Route 13 Cavendish , PE Canada C0A 1N0 © 2019 Anne's Windy Poplars end of .copyright ↑ Responsive Theme powered by WordPress end .powered end #footer-wrapper end #footer Lightbox Plus Colorbox v2.7.2/1.5.9 - 2013.01.24 - Message: 0 Google Code for Remarketing Tag ------------------------------------------------ Remarketing tags may not be associated with personally identifiable information or placed on pages related to sensitive categories. See more information and instructions on how to setup the tag on: http://google.com/ads/remarketingsetup ------------------------------------------------- 