Pitlochry Hotels | Highland Hotel | Scottish Castle | Atholl Palace Book Online Main Menu Home Offers Accommodation Lodges Food & Drink Verandah Restaurant Afternoon Tea Stag's Head Bar Lunch with a View Sunday Carvery Dining Enquiry Form Weddings Ceremony Wedding Brochure Reception Honeymoon Wedding Gallery Spa Your Visit Health Conditions Gym & Fitness Room Spa Treatments Lava Shells For Your Face Holistic and Massage Body Treatments Hands and Feet Essentials Spa Days Spa Break & Offers Wedding Packages Membership Contact the Spa Lavender Spa Brochure Gift Vouchers Conferences Rates & Packages Incentives Conference Enquiry Form Festive Christmas Party Nights 2019 Christmas Residential Package Hogmanay at Atholl Palace Gardens Formal Gardens Gardens On Film Wildlife & Walks Herb Garden Specimen Trees Innes' Diary Things to do Guide to Perthshire Activities in Perthshire Activities around Pitlochry A - Z of Activities Golf Highland Safaris Family Adventure Places to see in Perthshire History Gardens Shopping Castles Distilleries Museum Planning your visit History Minecraft Tennis Championship Registration Social Programme Gift Vouchers CIE Awards Book Online Check in Nights 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Adults 1 2 3 4 5 Children 0 1 2 3 4 5 Promo Code Submit Amend / Cancel my booking Contact Wedding Specialist Contact Spa Specialist Contact Conference Specialist Atholl Palace Welcome to Atholl Palace Hotel... Book direct for our Best Available Rates ...relax at our pool ....wonderful views all around! ...for your Perfect Wedding Day Find out more Welcome to the Atholl Palace Hotel The Scottish Highlands, wild and rugged, have a timeless romantic quality. At their very heart, where the River Tummel flows to the Tay, sits the historic small town of Pitlochry. The Atholl Palace Hotel, the epitome of Scottish Baronial splendour, stands overlooking wooded parkland grounds and the town to the surrounding hills. Originally opened as the Athole Hydropathic in Victorian times, the hotel retains many features of the traditional large country house, with bedroom facilities and standards which often exceed expectations and complement spacious, relaxing public areas. So Much More.. The Atholl Palace is now so much more than a hotel - it is a destination for day visitors as well as guests. You can easily spend a day exploring the gardens, discovering our museum and enjoying a bar lunch or afternoon tea in the lounge, not to mention being pampered in the Spa. We hope you enjoy the Atholl Palace, we want to make sure you’ll come back, again and again! The Enchanted Forest Tickets on sale now, book now to stay at Atholl Palace! Find out more Sunday Carvery Join us every Sunday for a traditional Sunday Carvery served in the Verandah Restaurant Find out more Theatre Break Theatre Tickets Included! Find out more Special Offers view all offers Pitlochry Festival Theatr... Theatre Breaks at Atholl Palace HotelWith over 100.000 visitors each year Pitlochry Festival Theatre is a must. Their fantastic team puts together 6 different shows on rotation every week. This years fantastic collection includes Summer Holiday, Blithe Spirit, The Crucible, Blonde Bombshells of 1943, Heritage and North... Find out more Book Now view all offers £219 Enchanted Forest! Visit Atholl Palace and enter a magical world of superior hospitality. Making your stay even more magical, from 3rd October 2019 until 3rd November 2019, Faskally Woods are transformed into The Enchanted Forest, a light and sound spectacular. Set amidst the stunning Autumnal woodland of Fa... Find out more Book Now view all offers £139 View Our Gallery Join Our Newsletter Gift Vouchers Sitemap Recruitment Gallery Location Links Contact Us Environmental Policy Pitlochry, Perthshire PH16 5LX http://www.castlecollection.com info@athollpalace.com (+44) 01796 472400 Site by Aró 