2russia.com Close About us Offers for groups Hotels City Guide News Professional Conference Organizer 2russia.com About us Offers for groups Hotels City Guide News Monomax Destination Management Company & PCO since 1991 Incoming travel services in St. Petersburg and in the North-West of Russia: Hotel accommodation Guide and transport services Individual and group tours upon your wish and interests Visa support and booking of tickets Our advantages: Tailor-made services 26 years of successful experience Long-term cooperation with responsible suppliers Up-to-date knowledge of the region Enjoy your travel to St. Petersburg! /row Draft  itineraries Weekend in Saint Petersburg Literaly Saint Petersburg Saint Petersburg and its suburbs /row Welcome to Saint Petersburg Marveluos Saint Petersburg /row Make a reservation Hotels in St Petersburg Deluxe Hotels | First Class | Tourist | Mini-hotels & Hostels Radisson Royal Hotel St Petersburg Deluxe Hotels , Hotels Sokos Hotel Palace Bridge Deluxe Hotels , Hotels Corinthia Hotel St Petersburg First Class , Hotels Hotel Astoria Deluxe Hotels , Hotels /row Transfer We offer a choice of reliable local firms providing car and driver services at reasonable rates. Sights & Entertainments City Transport Rrestaurants & Cafes /row News Airport Transfer St. Petersburg’s Pulkovo Airport (LED) is not served by metro or comfortable shuttle train, so getting to the center of the city may be a little cumbersome. Guarantee maximum comfort and conven… Italian St. Petersburg Although the Italian community in St. Petersburg has never been large, no other nationality has had such a profound influence on the city’s cultural and artistic heritage. While the cliche that… Back to top back-to-top Address: Sestroretskaya ul., 2; 197183 St. Petersburg, Russia Opening hours: Mon – Fri: 10:00 AM – 6:00 PM (GMT +3, Moscow time)  Sat – Sun: CLOSED E-mail: info@2russia.com Fax: +7 (812) 335-20-39 Phone: +7 (812) 335-20-55 (ext. 120); +7 (812) 335-20-57 /row © 2002-2016 Monomax Travel Group END / FOOTER Search: END / MAIN SITE #wrapper 