Patong Hotel | Phuket Hotel | Andatel Grande Patong Phuket Resort – The Hotel to Stay in when in Patong Phuket. 2 Swimming Pools, 3 minutes walk to the patong beach. Phuket\'s favourite small resort with big heart in patong beach phuket, a place you can call home. Home About us Gallery Real Customer Testimonial Restaurant Patong Restaurant Gallery Rooms Contact BOOK YOUR STAY Need help? Call us now: (+66) 7634 4395 Today: News & Awards Gallery English Русский ( Russian ) ไทย ( Thai ) 한국어 ( Korean ) 简体中文 ( Chinese (Simplified) ) Need help? Call us now: (+66) 7634 4395 Today: News & Awards Gallery English Русский ( Russian ) ไทย ( Thai ) 한국어 ( Korean ) 简体中文 ( Chinese (Simplified) ) Home About us Gallery Real Customer Testimonial Restaurant Patong Restaurant Gallery Rooms Contact BOOK YOUR STAY Everything you imagined is real Welcome to Andatel Grande Patong! Discover A Four Stars Hotel And We Like To Keep It That Way! Contact Us Book Early Save More Room Availability Checker and Booking Explore Check-In Check-Out Number 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Guests Need Help: (+66) 7634-4395 Check Availability The Patong Hotel to Stay when visiting Phuket Andatel Hotel Patong Phuket is a small hotel with a big heart. Even though it is designed in a modern way, it does not forget nature’s touch. The hotel has 122 rooms; 24 rooms being Pool Access King Room, 42 Deluxe Rooms and 56 Superior Rooms . Andatel makes sure to preserve the beauty of Mother Nature and Thai culture and clearly portrays it to its friends/guests. Andatel is not just a hotel where guests come to spend the night and leave. Our goal is to entertain, serve, care and provide an unforgettable and wholesome experience to our guests.All guests are meant to come to us as strangers but then leave as family! More Info Summer is here. Get ready to enjoy it! Play Video Rooms Lose yourself in the lush textures, rich colors and modern amenities. Take a look Aqua Spa Olympic Size Swimming Pool and Family pool with Jacuzzi Corner Take a look Restaurants Discover our local cuisine, set menus, and room service. Take a look Activities Diving, Snorkeling and Shows For the perfect family holidays. Take a look Wifi Free Internet Access Available through the hotel Take a look Top Destinations For anything that brings people together to celebrate an occasion, we create truly memorable experiences that you will cherish forever Avant-garde Shows Phuket has two famous tours that we can recommend, first the Phuket Fantasea which is famous for its lively show and professional performers. The second show we can recommend is Simon Cabaret, known for portraying exotic beautiful of phuket. Siam Niramit Phuket Phuket Simon Cabaret Simon Star Show Phuket Folie’s... More Info Patong Beach Patong is a beach resort town on the west coast of Phuket Island, facing the Andaman Sea in the southwest of Thailand. Its sandy, crescent beach is lined with cafes, restaurants and bars. The famously raucous nightlife scene features beer bars, go-go bars, nightclubs, massage parlors and cabarets that overflow... More Info Spa Though the hotel itself doesn’t have spa facilities we do have spa concierge that is available on call for all our guests. There are also many Spas options in patong to name a few… More Info Andaman Sea tours Diving Phi phi and Coral island Phi phi island, coral island, koh kai , Raya Island, James Bond Island and Krabi are just a few famous diving spots. The world renown famous diving spot would be Tachai Island at Similan. James Bond Island – Full-day Trip Joining a James Bond... More Info Explore Phuket Explore phuket easily by renting a motorcycle and riding to many beautiful and hidden beaches around phuket i.e. freedom beach. More Info Outdoor Activities rafting, elephant trekking and ATV Apart from rafting, off-road ATV, elephant trekking are the top three activity Phuket is famous for. Other includes, flying Hanuman (aka flying fox), monkey show, snake shows and Tiger Kingdom. Pang Chang Sai Yuan (Phuket Safari) – Half-day Trip Come and get experience with our... More Info Get up to 10% off on your next travel Choose the package you would like to offer to your clients and send us an inquiry using the contact form. Get It Now Awesome Offer For anything that brings people together to celebrate an occasion, we create truly memorable experiences that you will cherish forever See All Reviews More Info Superior Twin/King Room From: ฿0.0 Night Experience the everyday ingenuity without losing today’s comfort. With a choice of large singles and 7... More Info Deluxe Room From: ฿0.0 Night De’Luxe comes with a versatile seating area that features a working desk, lightened make up mirror... More Info Pool Access King Room From: ฿0.0 Night Experience the everyday ingenuity without losing today’s comfort. With our 7 foot bed, we ensure you... Comments from our happy Guests I really like this place. I was happy to try something other than Thai for a change ( which is excellent also). The staff here are very attentive and provided great customer service. Owners treat you like family. Must try! Jay P “ If you’re looking for a hotel that is not too busy and has modern facilities this is the place to go. Their staff speak English well so there was never an issue and they always helped quickly when we asked for a room service. “ Muhayr Norway “ Absolutely satisfied with this hotel, they offer a lot of convenient deals. We got a night free so only paid for 6 instead of full week. Also, the kids loved the activities we signed up for (trip to Phi Phi island) and the beach is just a couple of... Kamtav Norway Latest News For anything that brings people together to celebrate an occasion, we create truly memorable experiences that you will cherish forever Activities Avant-garde Shows 6 Apr, 2017 Phuket has two famous tours that we can recommend, first the Phuket Fantasea which is famous for its lively show and professional performers. The second show we can recommend is Simon Cabaret, known for portraying exotic beautiful of phuket. Siam Niramit Phuket Phuket Simon Cabaret Simon Star Show Phuket Folie’s... Recommend Patong Beach 6 Apr, 2017 Patong is a beach resort town on the west coast of Phuket Island, facing the Andaman Sea in the southwest of Thailand. Its sandy, crescent beach is lined with cafes, restaurants and bars. The famously raucous nightlife scene features beer bars, go-go bars, nightclubs, massage parlors and cabarets that overflow... Activities - Recommend Spa 6 Apr, 2017 Though the hotel itself doesn’t have spa facilities we do have spa concierge that is available on call for all our guests. There are also many Spas options in patong to name a few… Recommend - Sea Tours - Tip Travel Andaman Sea tours 6 Apr, 2017 Diving Phi phi and Coral island Phi phi island, coral island, koh kai , Raya Island, James Bond Island and Krabi are just a few famous diving spots. The world renown famous diving spot would be Tachai Island at Similan. James Bond Island – Full-day Trip Joining a James Bond... Activities - Recommend Explore Phuket 30 Sep, 2016 Explore phuket easily by renting a motorcycle and riding to many beautiful and hidden beaches around phuket i.e. freedom beach. Our Gallery For anything that brings people together to celebrate an occasion, we create truly memorable experiences that you will cherish forever Real Customer Post on Social Media 121 photos Guest Photos 105 photos Pool Access King Room 14 photos Superior Room 19 photos Deluxe Room 27 photos Hotel 29 photos Appetizers 8 photos You have questions regarding our services? Contact us, we will be happy to help you out! 41/9 Rat-U-Thit 200 Pee Rd, Patong Beach, Phuket 83150, Thailand +66 (0) 7634 4395 [email protected] Booking Patong Hotel Rooms Patong Restaurant Patong Hotel About Special Offers About Us Our Story Blog Awards Patong Hotel Gallery Patong Hotel Contact Connect Us Facebook Twitter Youtube Google + © Patong Phuket Hotel Andatel 2012-2018. All rights reserved. 