Accomodation in Newquay, Holiday Homes and Apartments Home Square House Activities Contact & T&C's Friends and Videos Blog Newquay Accommodation. Quality Self Catering Holiday Houses and Cottages to let In Newquay Cornwall Telephone 07967597838 email newquayretreats@me.com Newquay Page Contact Us Links Page Terms & Conditions Self Catering Newquay Accommodation Newquay   The Square House is run by the far from square but quite tall Tim & Anna who set out to offer good value high quality "chintz-free" self catering accommodation in Newquay. In most cases the accommodation works out to be better value than hotels, hostels, b&b's and surf lodges. Both holiday houses occupy supreme locations, The Square House in a little-used lane in the heart of Newquay, The Square house provide the ultimate sanctuary and accommodation to relax, unwind and enjoy the seasons: from mellow, blue-skied days on the golden beaches in summer to cosy afternoons in beach-front cafes watching the dramatic winter seas unfurl. Slowly open your eyes to the cry of the seagull. Snuggle under the covers until the sun peeks over the horizon - the start of a perfect day. Decide how you will spend your day. Do you want it to be white-knuckle and adrenalin-filled or quiet, secluded and totally chilled? Newquay will deliver. A haven of natural beauty surrounded by great places to eat, play, shop and relax, you can choose whatever suits your mood. Newquay is great for activities. Our self catering holiday houses are the perfect location to experience a huge range of activities from Surfing &  boogie-boarding to rock-climbing and coasteering or even fishing or bird-watching. Choose the pace to suit your mood. However there is much more to Newquay than surfing . Enjoy idyllic coastal walks taking in the stunning views of this rugged coastline and find time to explore the spectacular cliffs that hide secret smugglers' coves and caves. The nearby Gannel Estuary is perfect for a whole range of outdoor activities including kayaking, walking, fishing, bird watching and horse riding. Or visit The Adventure Centre on Lusty Glaze beach and experience the zip wire, absailing and climbing. And, right on the self catering accommodation doorstep is one of Cornwall's finest Links golf courses Newquay Golf club, just waiting for you to perfect your game.    Newquay is very cosmopolitan for a Cornish coastal town with delightful countryside never far away, Newquay’s roots lye in maritime tradition but is nicely balanced by a healthy appetite for the new and unusual. Newquay was a small fishing village and even today, the local fishermen unload their catch in the harbour where if your lucky you can watch them feed the seals. Although the sea is huge element of life in Newquay, the town centre just minutes from most of our holiday house’s and accommodation, is buzzing with activity and there are plenty of funky boutiques, surf and coffe shops. When you've had your fill of shopping, head for a trendy beach side bar for a light lunch or browse an art gallery or craft shop in one of the side streets leading up from the sea.     Whether you are self catering in a holiday let  or want to eat out, Cornwall is renowned for its quality seafood and welcomes a new breed of restaurant offering world-class cuisine. There are lots of outstanding new reataurants in and around Newquay. Including Jamie Oliver's Fifteen Cornwall with its updated interior, using the best seasonal and fresh local produce in a relaxed atmosphere with incredible views over Watergate Bay. A little bit closer to the Square House and The Tall House are Little Italy and our  personal favourite is Little Kahuna, Just up the coast, the fishing village of Padstow is synonymous with Rick Stein's fabulous premier seafood restaurant, bistro and cookery school and just down the coast St Ives has a varietry of lovely places to eat including the Hub and the Porth Minster Cafe. At night, Newquay town centre comes alive with a heady mix of nightclubs and theme bars that are regularly hosted by big name DJ's. Or opt for the less energetic alternative in the friendly atmosphere of a traditional pub. We recommend The Red Lion. All are within easy walking distance of our self catering holiday houses in Newquay. Fifteen Cornwall Visitor Testimonials. Brilliant House, clean & well equipped, perfect location, lovely holiday, look forward to a repeat stay next year, many thanks.   Moreman Family, Bristol Thank you Tim & Anna for such a wonderful holiday. We arrived to beautiful fresh, crisp sheets and Duvets. Lovely bedrooms. Lots of room for all the children. We were so lucky with the weather _ enjoyed hot sun & surfing. We will come again. Mark & Carol Walton on Thames Another fantastic holiday in The Square House. We love the changes you've made to the garden, looks fantastic! As always we had everything we needed here and more. Thank you Tim & Anna Gent Family Oxford Had the best time of my life I'm sure we all did. Thanks for the stay in your wonderful house, everything about Newquay was amazing. Be back next year.   Mr Barnet Hertfordshire Beautiful Holiday House, so glad I found you on the internet, thank you for an amazing stay in Cornwall. Makes me want to come home again. Cheers Jozeffa Marriott Brisbane We had a lovely week - despite the weather! Did part of the coast walk : beatiful! Went on a very memorable boat trip out at sea, the sea was so rough it was like the perfect storm (without George Clooney!) Great holiday house & Tim & Anna were very accommodating & sympathetic to our needs Thank You. Ron & Family Norwich Easily the best place to stay in Newquay, We hope to be back soon.   Lizzy & Ginny Basford Its "Ace" here, fabulous house. Great location, perfect place to spend a long weekend. Thanks a lot. Emma Nottingham The Square House Sleeps 12 Newquay is on one of the finest coastlines in Europe, with seven fantastic golden sandy beaches that are a perfect playground for all ages and a great  base for watersports and activities of all kinds. Newquay has so many magnificent beaches to choose from, stretching from Watergate Bay with the extreme accademy to Crantock Beach. Towan Head, just two minutes from the self catering accommodation, shelters safe family beaches that are backed by cliffs and punctuated by tantalising caves and rock-pools. The Harbour is also just minutes away from the Houses. Of course there are also the surf beaches for which Newquay is rightly world famous, surfers gather like seals above the breakers all year round. If your not in the water in the winter the wind-swept beaches are ideal for brisk walks to clear away the cobwebs and watch the dramatic Atlantic waves crashing onto Newquay's beautiful beaches. Back at the holiday accommodation time to recharge the batteries with some quiet time to reflect. Sip a glass of chilled wine, then prepare for the evening ahead. After a day full of action you can enjoy the relaxed atmosphere of one of the beach cafes. It's the perfect place to unwind with cocktails or beers and take in the amazing ocean views. Fistral Beach Bar or Belushi's are just two of many perfect hangouts to socialise with friends and partners.     The Corner House Sleeps 6 The View Sleeps 4 Sleeps 14 Sleeps 4 