 Climb Mount Kilimanjaro in Tanzania Want to climb Mount Kilimanjaro Climbing Mount Kilimanjaro in Tanzania is a truly unforgettable experience. At 19,340ft its the tallest mountain in Africa and one of the fabled Seven Summits. Few can boast that they've climbed Mount Kilimanjaro and watched the sun rise over Africa below. At 4th Summit we love climbing Mount Kilimanjaro; organising private, group and charity climbs on all 6 routes (the Machame route , Shira route , Umbwe route , Lemosho route , Rongai route and Marangu route ). Come join us in Africa! How to plan a climb of Mount Kilimanjaro Choosing to climb Mount Kilimanjaro is a big decision, thats why we aim to provide you with as much organised information as possible. Take your time to work through it and if you’ve any questions get in touch. Use these 3 steps as a guide for planning your climb Go Get started: learn about climbing Mount Kilimanjaro Go Decided you want to climb Mount Kilimanjaro? Learn about the different routes available Go Picked a route? Join a climb or make your own Click a climb to view more info. Marangu Hutted Route It takes about five days to climb Mt. Kilimanjaro along the Marangu route and involves walking about eighty kilometres. Accommodation is in huts during the hike, plus two nights at the base hotel. More COST: £775 to £900 Machame Camping Route This route offers some of the best scenery - ascending from the western side of Kilimanjaro, and descending down the south face. All tents and camping equipment are portered for you, with meals being prepared by cooks. More COST: £1,000 to £1,175 Umbwe Route via Barafu One of the least utilised routes up the mountain. This is probably the most beautiful route by which to ascend the mountain, and is significantly shorter than the other routes, whilst having good acclimatisation time. It also makes the distances covered between overnights at altitude shorter and avoids a lot of the crowding experienced in some sites in season. A variation on this route with additional nights to acclimatise is needed if guests wish to overnight in the crater. More COST: £1,000 to £1,200 Costs Include: accommodation at base hotel return transfers to park gate accommodation on mountain porters & guides all food on mountain park fees mountain rescue fees Home About Mount Kilimanjaro Routes on the mountain After your climb Book your climb Health, Safety and Fitness Carbon Neutral climbing About our team Get in touch "I want a goal in my life to motivate me into getting fit" About our team Contact us Other Holidays with Mahlatini Website cheerfully designed and built by Bright Designs All material, graphics & images on this website are the copyright © 2008 - 2010 of 4th Summit UK USA ROI EU 