Home Home Lake Nasser Lake Nasser Experience Nile Perch Fishing About us Enquiry Print Email Welcome to Lake Nasser Desert Lake Experience Lake Nasser is a perfect place to relax for a few days from the hustle and bustle of crowded tourist sites in the Nile Valley. Lake Nasser is a beautiful lake with spectacular desert panorama and an impressive biodiversity which is enhanced by the lake being on a major migratory route for millions of birds on their annual journeys between Europe and Africa. The residents are nomadic herdsmen who graze their flocks on the sparse vegetation at the edge of the Lake. There are also several important Nubian archaeological sites the most notable are the magnificent temples at Abu Simbel. The fish populations of the original river system were presented with a huge lake to live in and have since thrived in their new habitat, especially Tilapia and their predators, Nile perch, Tiger fish and huge catfish.. Small Boat Safari The best way to experience Lake Nasser is to come on a small boat safari which is as close to the real meaning of the word safari as you are likely to find. On an African style safari 4x4 vehicles are used for travelling, while support trucks carrying the equipment and safari staff go on ahead to set up comfortable camps. Our safaris are the same except we use “live aboard boats” supported by well-appointed mother ships instead of land vehicles. Days are spent exploring this picturesque desert lake in your own private live aboard boat then at lunch time and in the evenings meet up with your mother ship where meals and drinks are enjoyed in relaxing social surroundings.  A more rewarding adventure than travelling down the middle of the lake in a huge cruise ship Choose the activity you are most interested in Lake Nasser Experience   If you interested in nature and the outdoors and would like an experience of the Sahara Deserts eco system from the comfort of your own live-board boat, then include a small boat safari into your itinerary when you visit Egypt. There is a lot to see and do, in many ways it’s like visiting a game park where you will have fun going for easy walks in a beautiful desert environment, viewing spectacular bird and wild life, at the same time enjoying the experience of a comfortable boat safari waited on ‘hand & foot’ by a capable team of Nubian safari staff and guides. “The kind of hospitality shown by Tim and his guides is seldom seen these days and the atmosphere was incredibly friendly”   Steve Pitts Nile Perch Fishing Lake Nasser is famous for its huge Nile perch and there is also the added bonus of exciting lighter tackle action targeting the hard fighting Tiger fish or night ledgering for the big Vundu and Bagrus catfish. Most anglers will catch the largest wild fresh water fish of their life and have an angling adventure they will never forget. “Another interesting experience is shore fishing… Where else, for instance, can you work artificial lures from the shore anywhere in the world, either in fresh or salt water, and encounter wild fish in the 20lb to 100lb category. Nasser is quite unique in this kind of experience, believe me!”     John Wilson MBE UK’s best known angling writer and TV personality Lake Nasser - Egypts Natural Treasure Lake Nasser - Egypts Natural Treasure Spectaculer nature and excellent fresh water fishing It’s hard to comprehend how big Lake Nasser really is; for example, the flying distance between London Heathrow airport and Cairo airport is 3,524 km – the shoreline of Lake Nasser is 7,844 km … Read More Lake Nasser Experience If you enjoy nature and the great outdoors this is a unique adventure which is also ideal for families. Explore magnificent desert landscapes and biodiversity in your own private live aboard safari boat supported by a well-appointed mother ship and safari crew who will take … Read More Nile Perch Fishing We are often asked, ‘What can I expect to catch on a safari?’ Fishing being fishing, who knows for sure? Most anglers can expect at least one Nile perch of 50lb plus. Beyond that, anything’s possible – perhaps even another world record? We do not like … Read More Fly Fishing for Nile Perch Fly fishing for Nile Perch is a challenge which very few fly fishermen have had the chance to experience. This is your opportunity to target some of the world’s largest wild freshwater fish in surreal desert surroundings. Read More 1 Copyright © 2007 - 2019 African Angler follow us on facebook Site Map PWebContact Ask a Question Your Questions Answered Your name * email address * Confirm email address * Your message or question * 5000 characters left Detailed dossiers with the cost of our Boat Safaris Select your interest Lake Nasser Experience Nile Perch Fishing, Lure Anglers Fly Fishing Nile Perch Select your preferred currency US$ GB£ Euro€ We look forward to the possibility of welcoming you to Lake Nasser Peter Baily - Sydney Australia African Angler Pty Ltd PO Box 1063 Sydney NSW 1585 Australia Tel: + (61) (02) 9992 0997 Mobile: 0423 261 875 Tim Baily - Aswan Egypt African Angler (Egypt) PO Box 191 Aswan Egypt Tel: + (20) (097) 0122 7491 892 Captcha code * Send a copy to yourself Send PWebContact end PWebContact Special Offers Throughout the year we promote exclusive offers. If you are interested in Lake Nasser it will be well worth your while to fill in the form below, so we can keep you up to date with the cost cutter and themed small boat safaris we currently have on offer. The most popular is our small boat safari cruise between Aswan and the world-famous temples of Abu Simbel. From time to time we need to relocate our boats between Abu Simbel and or Aswan, for these cruises we offer fantastic savings. There will also be many other great deals for you to consider. Our style of holiday is for the individual and is not mass tourism. Take a break from the tourist 'hot spots' and let us introduce you to a more intimate and traditional side of Egypt. Google Analytics End Google Analytics Your name * email address * Confirm email address * Select your preferred currency US$ GB£ Euro€ Captcha code * Send a copy to yourself Send PWebContact end PWebContact × Fishing Safaris Fill in the form below, we will then send you information about the fishing safari you are interested in. Your name * email address * Confirm email address * How many Adults? * Children aged under 18 years? Select your preferred currency * US$ GB£ Euro€ * required fields Any questions? 1000 characters left Select your preference Lure Angling Fly Fishing Select the fishing safari holiday you would like to book Nile Perch Fishing Safari 7 nights & 8 days package including hotels Nile Perch Fishing Safari 5 nights & 6 days. Fishing safari on its own Short Fishing Safari Private Fishing Safari Let us know in the Any Questions? text box how many days you would like to come on safari. Live aboard boat preference Fishing Boat. Two anglers with a fishing guide House & Fishing Boat Combo. Up to six, ideal for family Let us know in the Any Questions? text box how many days you would like to book two fishing boats. Thanks, we will get back to you as soon as possible. Captcha code * Send a copy to yourself Send PWebContact end PWebContact × Please send me the itinerary and cost for the holiday featured on this page. Our style of holiday is for the individual not mass tourism. Take a break from the tourist 'hot spots' and let us introduce you to a more intimate and traditional side of Egypt. Your name * email address * Confirm email address * Select your preferred currency * US$ GB£ Euro€ Any Questions? 5000 characters left Peter Baily - Sydney Australia African Angler Pty Ltd PO Box 1063 Sydney NSW 1585 Australia Tel: + (61) (02) 9992 0997 Mobile: 0423 261 875 Tim Baily - Aswan Egypt African Angler (Egypt) PO Box 191 Aswan Egypt Tel: + (20) (097) 0122 7491 892 Captcha code * Send a copy to yourself Send PWebContact end PWebContact × Fill in the form below and we will send you information about the holiday you are interested in. Your name * email address * Confirm email address * How many Adults? * Children aged under 18 years? Select your preferred currency * US$ GB£ Euro€ * required fields Any questions? 1000 characters left Select the holiday you would like to book ABU SIMBEL Small Boat Cruise 4 nights & 5 days ABU SIMBEL Small Boat Cruise 3 nights & 4 days Desert Lake Small Boat Safari Private Charter Let us know in the Any Questions? text box how many days you would like to come on safari. Live aboard boat preference House Boat Safari Boat House Boat plus Safari Boat. Up to six, ideal for family Let us know in the Any Questions? text box how many days you would like to book two safari boats. Thanks, we will get back to you as soon as possible. Captcha code * Send a copy to yourself Send PWebContact end 