23 St Marys Guest House in Bootham, Bed And Breakfast In York, Accommodation In York Open Menu Home Our Rooms Book Online Reviews Close Attractions Our Gallery Find Us More Get In Touch Home Our Rooms Book Online Reviews Close Attractions Our Gallery Find Us More Get In Touch Welcome To 23 St. Mary's CHECK AVAILABILITY A happy place to B&B 23 St Mary's is a luxury Victorian townhouse, situated in the heart of York on a very quiet, traffic-free road, 10 minutes on foot from the rail station, the river and York Minster. Our guests enjoy great hospitality, free city-centre parking, 24/7 front desk services, free, fast WiFi in all the rooms and a comfortable lounge to relax in. Individually designed en-suite single, double, twin and family rooms are beautifully decorated with period furnishings that have been carefully chosen to complement this characterful historic building. Let us share our best insider tips with you, book you in at the tastiest restaurants and tailor your stay to your wishes. *See Our Verified Reviews*   Rooms Standard Double En-suite, Room Only Check Details Standard Double En-suite Room Check Details Deluxe Double En-suite Room Check Details Superking/Twin En-suite Room Check Details Luxury Four Poster Check Details Latest Reviews visite unexpected Very nice people, nice place. very good service T J Another Wonderful Stay This was my second stay at 23. The facilities are first class and the staff are very friendly and helpful. A special mention must be made of the breakfast where the options are many and the cooking is superb. Ray A , Single Male Excellent B and B The B &B was extremely clean and easy to find. Parking was available Nicola H , Mature Couple First time in York Highly recommend! Very clean, charming B&. Professional and friendly hostesses, and delicious breakfast. Location was perfect for nice short walks to town. Fiona provided maps and sightseeing highlights - huge help as we did not have anything planned when we arrived. Ample parking nearby. Very p Donnie H , Mature Couple Excellent Great location. Great service. Great room. Great breakfast. Daryl H GREAT ANOTHER GREAT STAY, STAFF ARE VERY HELPFUL AND GO OUT OF THERE WAY TO HELP YOU.OUR FOURTH VISIT, HOPING TO GO BACK AGAIN SOON. Lisa H , Mature Couple Just lovely! We travelled from London up to Scotland and stayed at many wonderful places (including a beautiful 13th century castle in the Highlands) and my kids favorite place when asked was 23 St. Mary's. The family suite is perfect, the breakfasts were delicious and the location is stellar. Close enough to ea Susan W , Family with Young Children Fantastic What a lovely place, in a beautiful city.I look forward to returning. James Keith B 23 St Mary\'s A lovely place to stay near the centre of York. Beds were very comfortable, the breakfast very good and the staff were friendly and helpful. Hugh P York stay After the good experience of the hotel in March we did not look anywhere else and was not let down. Great breakfast , comfortable room and friendly staff. Close to York minister and town centre. David L Gallery View All Facilities Credit Card Parking Facilities Golf Course Nearby Family Rooms City Centre Wifi Gay Friendly Luxury Vegetarian City Breaks Romantic Breaks Walking Holidays Contact Us 01904 622738 stmarys23@hotmail.com 23 St. Mary's St. Mary's Bootham York North Yorkshire YO30 7DD Review Summary 5 Very Good 330 reviews 5 98% 4 2% 3 0% 2 0% 1 0% Home | Booking | Contact | Privacy Policy Copyright 2019 All Right Reserved 23 St. Mary's 