Aarburg Airport Motel: Christchurch Airport Accommodation +64 3 358 8122 Header End Show Menu Home Accommodation Location & Activities Reservations Contact Reservation Phone 0800 101 928 Book your stay Right container Start Sliderwrapper Start Slider images start Slider End Sliderwrapper End Welcome to the Aarburg Airport Motel, Christchurch Ideal accommodation for those who wants to stay close to the airport Aarburg Airport Motel is only 3 minutes from Christchurch International Airport. The motel has 5 x studio units that sleep 1-3 persons and 2 x family self-contained ground-floor units that sleep 1-5 persons. Continental breakfasts are available and there are heat pumps and air-conditioning units in each room. We also have a guest laundry, guest spa house, off-street parking, car storage (by arrangement) and free WiFi internet access in all units. It's only a 10-minute drive to the city centre and Cathedral Square. For those without their own transport there is a bus stop opposite the motel and restaurants are within an easy 5 to 15-minute walk. We are near car rental depots (including USAVE Car Rentals), Burnside and Nunweek parks, golf courses, McLeans Island and shopping malls. There is easy access to the main highways north, south and to the West Coast. Only 3 Minutes from Christchurch International Airport . We can provide a free airport pick-up by arrangement(9am-9pm) if required. We accept most credit cards as well as EFTPOS Content wrapper End Right Container End Footer Start Footerwrap Start keep in one line to prevent unwanted negative space between inline-block elements Home Accommodation Location & Activities Reservations Contact Aarburg Airport Motel , 94-98 Roydvale Avenue , Christchurch , New Zealand Phone: +64 3 358 8122 | Freephone: 0800 101 928 | Email: mail@aarburgmotel.co.nz Copyright © Aarburg Airport Motel | Website designed and powered by AA Web Builders Footerwrap End Footer End Body wrapper end jQuery Fotorama Mobile Nav Select Pop-up Windows 