Antelope Canyon Tours – Upper Antelope Canyon / Slot Canyon Tours / Roger Ekis / Carolene Ekis Skip to content Antelope Canyon Tours Upper Antelope Canyon / Slot Canyon Tours / Roger Ekis / Carolene Ekis .site-title-wrapper #menu-toggle Antelope Canyon Vermilion Adventures Off-Season Tours Reservations Sightseer’s Tour #1 Photographic Tour #2 Gallery FAQ About Us Links #site-navigation #masthead Antelope Canyon .entry-header .page-title-container Sightseer's Tour #1 Walking through the sandstone walls of the Upper Antelope Canyon you will dis cover the magical world and immerse yourself in our fully-guided  Sightseer's Tour . Take pictures, learn about the canyon and the local area, you're in for an awesome experience at the Antelope Canyon. Click for Prices and More info! Photographic Tour #2 For the serious photographers, with proper exposures and the right camera equipment you can bring out the best in your own creativity on our fully-guided Photographic Tour into Upper Antelope Canyon . We visit the Same location as our Sightseer's Tour, the only difference is this tour is designed for the Serious photographers to take more pictures of the Antelope Canyon. Click for Prices and More info! Vermilion Adventure Offering tours to White Pocket, Buckskin Gulch, Thousand Pockets and other locations. These tours are more demanding physically,  but much to see, much to hike and photograph on our guided tours into the Vermilion area. this is Not Antelope Canyon Learn More Make Reservations in Advance Guided tours into Upper Antelope Canyon are subjected to passenger limits. Reservations are Required no matter what time of the year you wish to visit. We are Open Year-Round - The Only way to see the canyon is with an authorized tour company. Book your tour! Information: The mysterious and haunting beauty of Antelope Canyon (also known as "Corkscrew Canyon") awaits the adventurous traveler who seeks to discover one of the most spectacular -- yet little known attractions of the Lake Powell area. A tour to this awe-inspiring sculpture set in stone is a must for amateur and professional photographers alike. Come see nature's surprising masterpiece of color. About us: Antelope Canyon Tours is a customer service oriented business that specializing in slot canyon tours around Page, Arizona / Lake Powell Area. Antelope Canyon Tours is a Navajo owned and operated, providing guided tours from Page, Arizona . Our tours into the Upper Antelope Canyon begin at our office located at 22 South Lake Powell Boulevard , near the intersection of Lake Powell Boulevard and North Navajo Drive in the heart of Page, AZ . Look for the monster trucks! Call or email for directions. About The Tour: The tour involves us transporting you to the Upper Antelope Canyon in our 4-wheel drive tour trucks that is both rugged, safe and yet comfortable. Upon arrival at the Upper Antelope Canyon you will come off the truck and step into the desert and enter an amazing fantasy world of sandstone which has been carved by many years of wind and water. Our tour guides will explain some geology , cultural, history and some insights with camera settings. Current Time in Page Arizona Download our brochure . Staying at Grand Canyon? There happens to be a tour package from South Rim, enjoying sunrise - catch a flight to Page AZ, join a tour to see world famous Antelope Canyon - after which enjoy a calm river rafting trip down the Colorado River. Transportation fully provided to and from GC. Video is to show you how we get to the canyon via tour truck and how we just simply walk in. Upper Antelope Canyon from ACT, inc. on Vimeo . Contact Info; Office Location. Email tours@antelopecanyon.com Phone 855-574-9102 Fax 1-928-645-2564 Address 22 South Lake Powell BLVD Page, AZ 86040 Please check our availability on our Calendar .  Please use this form for answers you were unable to find on our website. We do not maintain a wait-list. INFO about our TOURS : Cost of Sightseer's Tour Cost of Photographic Tours Cost of Vermilion Adv Tours FAQs .page-content #post-## #main #primary #content .site-footer-inner #colophon Copyright © 2019 Antelope Canyon Tours — Mins WordPress theme by GoDaddy .site-info-inner .site-info .site-info-wrapper #page Book Now! FareHarbor plugin activated 