Guest Lodge, Glacier Park Lodge | Gustavus, AK - The Annie Mae Lodge (800) 478-2346 (907) 697-2346 PO Box 55, Gustavus, AK 99826 nav css nav Home Rooms & Rates Activities Packages Our History Location & Contact css nav end nav kv end kv content home_5_im_none Cozy Guest Lodge           Rooms & Rates LOWEST PRICE GUARANTEE! The Annie Mae Lodge offers scenic lodging in the heart of Gustavus, Alaska. Book your stay with us today! Packages Choose from a variety of exciting packages, such as Glacier Bay whale watching , hiking, boat tours, and other activities during your stay at our inn. For Stays Between May 19, 2019 & June 22, 2019 Memberships: American Automobile Association (AAA)  •  Alaska Travel Industry Association (ATIA) Learn about The Annie Mae Lodge Experience the stunning beauty of southeastern Alaska at The Annie Mae Lodge, set in a field of wildflowers on the banks of the Good River and at the entrance to Glacier Bay National Park. The Annie Mae Lodge features down-home comfort and hospitality, cozy country-style lodging, and home-cooked meals in the small homestead community of Gustavus, Alaska . For more than 25 years, our lodge, surrounded by Glacier Bay National Park, has provided visitors with a comfortable and friendly base to experience the stunning wilderness that surrounds Gustavus. Abundant wildlife, world-class sport fishing, magnificent scenery, and America’s most spectacular National Park make Glacier Bay a must visit for any Alaska vacation. Your hosts at the Annie Mae, life-long residents of Glacier Bay, attend to your every need and help you plan and enjoy your Alaska wilderness adventure with knowledge only a long time local resident can provide. Wake up to the smell of a country breakfast and the clean, fresh feel of an Alaskan morning, pick up a hearty box lunch to take on your chosen adventure for the day, and return to the comfort and conversation of the relaxing parlor at The Annie Mae Lodge. Then, feast on a delicious dinner of home-baked goods and your choice of traditional fare or local Alaskan seafood! Learn More about The Annie Mae Lodge Contact us to learn more about our available packages, including tours of Icy Strait, Cross Sound and Glacier Bay. Early Season Specials Available on Our Rooms  •  Established in 1990 Special Rates Available for Groups, Extended Stays, & Travel Agents—Contact Us for a Customized Quote     ADD CUSTOM BLOCK ADD CUSTOM BLOCK END END-OF home_5_im_none right col top gtf end right col top gtf end content gtf4_container gtf4 end footer FOOTER BLOCK Home | Rooms & Rates | Activities | Packages | Our History | Location & Contact footer04.03 /footer04.03 WSP_COPYRIGHT Copyright ©  2013   Web Site Design  by Web.com Group, Inc. /WSP_COPYRIGHT END-OF FOOTER BLOCK end footer WSP_SC /WSP_SC 