York Guest House | Ashley House Ashley House Menu Book A beautiful Bed and Breakfast in the City of York Take a look at our bedrooms Take a look at our photo album More about our breakfasts More about our breakfasts Welcome to Ashley House We constantly strive to make your stay in our house as enjoyable, comfortable and special as possible. At Ashley House we run a small, friendly Bed and Breakfast  located just a few minutes walk from the ancient city walls of York. Our house, which was once a toy shop, dates back to the late 19th Century and retains many of its original features which give it its charm and homely feel. We have six guest bedrooms, each furnished with imagination and individual character. We also have a cosy lounge for our guests to relax in and a lovely light and sunny breakfast room. We will always strive to make your stay perfect for you. If you would like any added extras like flowers in the room then just let us know in advance. For the best rates book directly with us . We would be delighted if you decide to come and stay with us. Why choose to stay with us? We believe we have a beautiful house. Our guests appreciate our little touches and attention to detail. We know and love York, so we can help you with information and guidance you may need during your visit. Our award winning breakfasts are freshly cooked using locally sourced ingredients where possible. We prepare delicious homemade cookies or cakes when you arrive. Our house enjoys a  great location. Just 10-15 minutes walk from the city centre in a desirable suburb noted as one of the top 10 places to live in the UK. Vibrant shops and cafés are close by. From the comments book... We have had a perfect stay here. Gorgeous room, wonderful breakfasts and have fallen in love with Phil! What a lovely host - so welcoming. Thank you so much, we will be back soon and highly recommend to others! Liz & Rosie Check availability and book online   Ashley House, 76 Scott Street, York YO23 1NS Tel: +44(0)1904 647520 Email: stay@ashleyguesthouse.co.uk Read reviews on Trip Advisor Like us on Facebook © Ashley House 2019 Terms & Conditions Website Design by Bow House close #container close sb-site Home The Bedrooms Breakfast Arrivals Love York Photo Album Book a Room Ashley House 76 Scott Street York YO23 1NS Tel:+44(0)1904 647520 Flex Slider Slidebars 