Apartments in Skiathos island, Greece - Villa Ariadni Home Our Apartments & Studios Double Bed Studios Triple Bed Studios Apartment for 4-6 people Cottage Location About Skiathos Agios Georgios Facilities Photos Guestbook Prices Discover more Apartments & Studios in Skiathos The apartments of Villa Ariadni in Skiathos are ideal for a relaxing and pleasant stay in the island, whilst being close to the main town and all its conveniences. The town is just 10 minutes away from our cozy studios and apartments for rent in Skiathos and the nearest beach of Xanemo is only 15 minutes stroll away. This is a relaxing beach with great view to the Aegean Sea. Our self-catering apartments are perfect for families and also for romantic couples. There is a swimming pool with bar in the centre of our complex where our guests can have a drink and relax. The views from our apartments in Skiathos are simply stunning and on a clear day our guests can see as far as the mountains of central Greece. Relaxation and comfort Ariadni Apartments & Studios Discover our accommodation in Skiathos island. Ariadni Villa in Skiathos is a top class family accommodation that offers high quality services and warm hospitality. Despoina, the hostess, is always available to help her guests in any possible way. She would be happy to arrange car or moped hire, boat hire or boat trips or anything else that could enhance the stay at Villa Ariadni. Read more Double Bed Studios All the studios are spacious with a view of the Aegean sea, the evergreen mountains and the picturesque town of Skiathos. All the studios are fully equipped with a fully-fitted kitchen, free internet access, TV and Air Conditioning. Read more Triple Bed Studios These studios area spacious and can accommodate 3 people. A sofa bed is used as the third bed. The fully-equipped studios with its spectacular view of the Aegean sea, the lush, green mountains and the quaint town of Skiathos create an idyllic atmosphere that will make your stay a pleasure. Read more Apartment for 4-6 people The apartments are comfortable and spacious and can accommodate more than 4 people. These particular apartments have a staircase that leads up to a beautiful, small attic with 2 extra beds. The apartment includes a double bed, two single beds and 2 sofas that can be converted into beds. Read more Cottage For those who want to be closer to nature and at the same time want to feel “at home”, we have created cabins with their own individual porch looking out over the sea. They are fully equipped and can accommodate couples as they have a double bed. Its extra feature is a bathroom with a whirlpool shower. Read more Read more Location The lake of Agios Georgios is a haven in Sporades island group for many species of birds. In spring and autumn, many birds stop here for a while during their migration trip. Read more About Skiathos Skiathos is a charming, cosmopolitan island in the Aegean Sea, mostly famous for its wonderful sandy beaches, the green nature and the vivid nightlife, especially in the streets of Skiathos Town. The southern side of the island hosts a large number of golden beaches, such as Koukounaries, Banana, Vromolimnos, Agia Paraskevi, and more. Read more About Agios Georgios Agios Georgios is a beautiful lake with rich biodiversity, located on the eastern side of Skiathos island. This lake is significant for its fauna, as many migrating birds stop there during spring and autumn. The impressive thing is that Agios Georgios is connected with the sea, allowing sea fish to come to the lake. Read more How to get here You can get to Skiathos by normal ferry or flying dolphin from the ports of Volos and Agios Constantinos, in central Greece. You can also get to Skiathos by plane from Athens, while in summer season there are many charter flights from abroad. Read more English Ελληνικά Limni Ag. Giorgi Town Skiathos 37002 Greece +30 24270 22931, 6936 622900, 24210 84790 +30 24270 29052, 24210 84790 reservations@ariadnivilla.gr MHTE: 0726K123K0315900 Privacy Policy [if lte IE 8]><style>.attachment:focus { outline: #1e8cbe solid; } .selected.attachment { outline: #1e8cbe solid; }</style><![endif] noptimize /noptimize noptimize /noptimize 