Anzac Street B+Bistro | Dartmouth's Restaurant, Cafe and Acommodation Home Things to do in Dartmouth B&B Restaurant Our Menu Dinner Menu Gallery Live Music Contact Page Title and Slider Cosy atmosphere… A Polish welcome… close .flexslider #page-title close #homepage-slider-container End Page Title and Slider The featured slider is called from the header.php located in the slider-progression.php file this code pull in the homepage content ANZAC STREET BISTRO – Restaurant and B&B We are a European bistro serving local fresh fish, meat & vegetables.   Our European & Mediterranean menu has traditional & modern dishes. We also provide a large selection of exciting, tasty vegetarian cuisine. We cater for different diets such as gluten free and Vegan. The specials board changes on a regular basis depending on catch of the day. There is also a special vegetarian dish. You may want to call on the day and reserve something from the specials board as these sell very quickly. Please contact us for more information when you make your booking. We have ‘Live’ music on Friday & sometimes on Saturday, from relaxing piano to acoustic guitar. If it is for a special occasion like a birthday or wedding, we are happy to arrange live music to play especially for you. We also have a ‘dj’ for all occasions. It is recommended that you reserve a table for Friday & Saturday due to is popularity. The Anzac Street B+Bistro is located in the centre of Dartmouth in Devon, tucked away into a quiet side street near St Saviours Church & Foss St. Anzac is a small cosy bistro decorated with old wooden light coloured paneling, traditional low lighting, candles and a warm fire for the winter. In the summer the Anzac feels very continental but still retains a nice relaxed ambience. We have a local guitarist playing quiet background music every Friday & sometimes on a Saturday. Please call or check Facebook for what is happening. Dartmouth has retained its old character, with all the old buildings and narrow streets. The river Dart is only a few short steps away from Anzac street. We recommend the short walk up to Dartmouth castle. There you will discover an amazing view of the sea and stunning rocky coves. There are many festivals throughout the year including the Music Festival in May, Food Festival in October, Comedy Festival & Candlelit Dartmouth in November & of course Regatta in August. These are just a few of the special attractions. We then open in the evening from 6.00pm Tuesday to Saturday. We change our specials board regularly due to what we buy in on the day. Our  à la carte menu changes with the season. Lookout for our special offers and set menus during the quiet season on Facebook. Young parents can benefit from having accommodation on the first floor while young children are asleep allowing you to enjoy your meal downstairs in the Bistro.   For all restaurant, bed and breakfast and accommodation bookings or any enquiries please  contact us , we are looking forward to hearing from you!           close .content-container-spacing close .content-container Homepage Child Pages Start B&B Anzac Street Bistro also has three delightful en-suite bedrooms and offers bed and breakfast accommodation all year round and booking is highly recommended… Read more… Restaurant We are a traditional bistro serving local fresh fish, meat & vegetables from near by farms. Most of our ingredients & products including drinks are sourced locally. Our menu has a Mediterranean influence. Read more… Live Music Homepage Child Pages End close .width-container Opening Hours Monday closed Tuesday 6pm - 10pm Wednesday 6pm - 10pm Thursday 6pm - 10pm Friday 6pm - 10pm Saturday 6pm - 10pm Sunday closed Visit us Anzac Bed & Bistro Anzac Street, Dartmouth, Devon, TQ6 9DL Phone: 01803 835 515 Mobile: 07753262207 E-mail: info@anzacbistro.co.uk close .social-icons Check Availibility TripAdvisor Rating 62 reviews of Anzac Street Bistro in Dartmouth close footer-count close #footer-widgets close .width-container close .widget-area-highlight close #main Home B&B Restaurant Our Menu Gallery Live Music Contact close #copyright close .width-container 