 Whidbey Island Bed and Breakfast - Country Cottage of Langley B&B Accommodations Whidbey Island Bed and Breakfast, Langley, Washington Start of Main Table #BeginEditable "BodyTable" 215 Sixth Street, Langley WA 98260 (800) 713-3860 - (360) 221-8709 <a href="https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCZDx0V2iQtYmIuirWgD3QqA" target="_blank">video</a> ~ www.acountrycottage.com stay@acountrycottage.com Start Easy Edit Code Complimentary Holiday Gift Certificate December 1 Through May 1   Recieve One Free Night When you Stay 3 Nights or more Reserve your Holiday Cottage now to enjoy our Holiday Special at Country Cottage of Langley. Cottage Guests staying for three or more nights will receive a one night Gift Certificate good for any available Cottage. Additional discounts are available for four or more nights. Enter Promo Code: "Holiday" at check-in. Stay longer and save as much as $200 off your five night stay (when combined with multi-night rates)! Reservations must be completed by phone by mentioning the promo-code "Holiday". Nights must be consecutive and in the same Cottage.  Langley by the Sea The Country Cottage of Langley Bed & Breakfast is a luxury B&B situated in Langley,WA on a bluff overlooking the Village, Puget Sound and the Cascade Mountains. Enjoy a romantic getaway in one of six Private Cottages. Relax by the fireplace or in your own Jacuzzi admiring the view. Each cottage has its own private deck entrance so you can enjoy a romantic weekend of secluded comfort. Wake in the morning to water views without getting out of bed. Each Cottage is fully equipped with free Wi-Fi, DVD/CD and VCR players so you can bring your favorite DVD/CD or video for that extra romantic touch. Don't worry if you forget to bring a movie because we have over 200 Titles for you to choose from. Our Gourmet Breakfasts are a favorite of our guests with treats like Eggs Benedict, Eggs Florentine, Three Cheese omelets, Dutch Baby pancakes and fresh home-baked goods like Ginger Scones and Cranberry Muffins and much much more. You can enjoy your breakfast al fresco on your private deck or with other guests in the main "Four Seasons" mural dining room. The Country Cottage of Langley is located 45 miles north of Seattle, Washington via the Mukilteo Ferry . The village of Langley by the Sea is the place to be on Whidbey Island during all four seasons. You'll find an abundance of things to do on Whidbey Island including art galleries, antique stores, unique shops, a performing arts theater, a movie theater, a winery, and a variety of outstanding restaurants. Let us make your reservations for you. Our serene Cottage setting overlooking the Puget Sound will make your stay on Whidbey Island an unforgettable vacation experience. Innkeepers Tom & Jacki look forward to welcoming you. Our Cottages are available for check-in at 3pm. Check-out is 11am. Check out our online brochure . Gift certificates are available online.   A member of   PAII End Easy Edit Code #EndEditable Country Cottage of Langley 215 Sixth Street Langley, WA 98260 (360) 221-8709 - (800) 713-3860 stay@acountrycottage.com End of Main Table Home - Tour the Inn - Country Cottages - Cottage Gardens - Reservations for A Country Cottage - Things to do on Whidbey Island - Maps & Directions to Langley - Inn Memberships and Accolades   -   the Inn - Cottage Recipes - Special Events - Guest Comments - Boeing Discount - Prime Discount - Special Packages - Photos - Gift Certificates 