Villa Andalucia : Welcome to the Casa La Sierrecilla website Home villa Area Local area Sights Local Restaurants Villa location Articles on Andalucia Blog Prices Prices Availability Reviews Gallery Children Book Casa La Sierrecilla Home villa Area Local area Sights Local Restaurants Villa location Articles on Andalucia Blog Prices Prices Availability Reviews Gallery Children Book style below blocks out the mobile nav toggle only when nav is loaded A beautiful family villa in Andalucia … with a heated, gated pool … A poolside bar… 4000 m² of space, perfect for families or friends… Six beautiful bedrooms … Room for up to 15 guests … Near the historic town of Antequera with its Moorish castle ... Perfect for exploring the world-famous cities of Andalucia, such as Cordoba, Granada and Seville END .sqs-gallery-meta-container Family friendly luxury villa, Andalucia, Southern Spain... This fabulous child-friendly villa in Andalucia offers stunning accommodation just a short distance from the tapas bars of a charming whitewashed village and perfectly situated for visiting the historic highlights of Andalucia.  We welcome young children, and the villa's sparkling heated pool is fenced and gated. Children will love the toys, books and huge family film library in the playroom (see our child-friendly page for more details). With over 4000 m² of space and 6 beautiful bedrooms, Casa La Sierrecilla is ideal for large families or friends discovering Andalucia together. The villa is perfect for enjoying the relaxed outdoor living that is the essence of summer in Andalucia.  Soak up the sun by the beautiful pool, and relax over drinks at the poolside bar. Dine outside on the verandah on warm summer nights or enjoy a family meal together in the local village. Casa La Sierrecilla is a villa where you will experience the real Andalucia. Ten minutes' stroll away is the village of Humilladero where you can enjoy delicious Andalucian meals in its traditional bars and restaurants, and where tapas are still free with your drink! Quiet and sleepy during the day, the village really comes to life on warm summer evenings, especially at fiesta time! For great places to eat, check out our local restaurants page. The Alhambra Palace in Granada - a 'must-see' for many of our villa guests! There are so many wonderful places to visit, from our nearest town of Antequera  with its historic churches and monasteries and Moorish castle to the dramatic limestone landscapes of El Torcal National Park and the stunning azure lakes of the Chorro gorge. Visit the tropical gardens and palaces of Seville , the world-famous Alhambra Palace in Granada or the magnificent Mezquita in Cordoba , once considered one of the wonders of the world.  Don't miss the vibrant Mediterranean city of Malaga , with its charming historic centre, art galleries and justifiably famous seafood restaurants. And of course, if you can bear to leave the pool, there are the famous beaches of the Costa del Sol! Villa Highlights 6 beautiful bedrooms (3 doubles, 2 twins, 1 single + 2 double sofabeds) Sleeps up to 15 guests (plus two babies) 3 bathrooms 2 superbly-equipped kitchens Magnificent beamed sitting/dining room Playroom with toys, books and DVDs 2 cots and many baby essentials Poolside bar/kitchen Barbecue Private fenced heated pool Non-slip tiles around the pool One acre (fully enclosed) garden Wi-fi, music dock Full central heating 10 minutes' walk from village tapas bars Secure credit card payment online Air-conditioning in double and twin rooms   Comments from villa guests.....   "We had a wonderful holiday at your villa - there was so much space and we all quickly fell into a very happy routine of doing very little other than moving slowly from house to pool!  The pool was perfect for the children and most excitingly of all, our daughter managed to swim a width by the end of the two weeks which given she couldn't swim when we arrived made her summer holiday!  The excellent playroom was also a godsend."   "We had a lovely holiday and enjoyed the villa very much especially the pool!  The location was wonderful, it was nice to feel we were in the real Spain rather than being surrounded by British holiday makers and the weather was wonderful. " See many more guest comments on our Reviews page or on HomeAway . BOOK NOW Back to Top Enquiries@andaluciacoastandcountry.com Tel: +44 (0)1383 325376 © 2018 Andalucia Coast And Country Powered by Squarespace Read our reviews on HomeAway! Start of StatCounter Code for Default Guide End of StatCounter Code for Default Guide Twitter universal website tag code End Twitter universal website tag code 