East Africa Safari | Kenya & Tanzania | Asilia Africa [if lte IE 9]><link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="https://www.asiliaafrica.com/wp-content/plugins/js_composer/assets/css/vc_lte_ie9.min.css" media="screen"><![endif] skip to main content Toggle navigation Asilia Africa CLOSE Make An Enquiry Where To Go   COUNTRY Kenya   REGION All Regions   CAMP Encounter Mara Mara Bush Houses Naboisho Camp Ol Pejeta Bush Camp Rekero Camp Discover Kenya Explore Kenya’s strikingly beautiful landscapes, from the rolling plains of the Maasai Mara to the white sands of the postcard-perfect beaches in a safari that will take your breath away Encounter Mara Discover the Mara Naboisho Conservancy on game drives, bush walks and night drives from award-winning Encounter Mara, a traditional camp in the heart of the wilderness. PERFECT FOR Classic, Romantic, Active Mara Bush House Personally design your own itinerary and safari 100% on your terms at one of Asilia’s 3 private Bush Houses, perfectly situated for spectacular year-round game viewing PERFECT FOR Classic, Family, Romantic, Private Accommodation & Guiding Naboisho Camp Safari in sheer exclusivity in the ground-breaking Mara Naboisho Conservancy; combine spectacular game viewing with the conservation of the precious Mara-Serengeti ecosystem. PERFECT FOR Classic, Family, Romantic, Active, Private Accommodation & Guiding Nomadic Camp Explore some of the most exciting and extraordinary locations the Mara has to offer at the exclusive Nomadic mobile camp, where the expert guides tailor information specifically to you. PERFECT FOR Classic, Romantic, Active, Private Accommodation & Guiding Ol Pejeta Bush Camp View the last two Northern white rhino in the world, visit a Chimpanzee sanctuary and view the Big Five from a vehicle or on foot at Ol Pejeta, a pioneering conservancy in the Laikipia region. PERFECT FOR Classic, Romantic, Active, Family Rekero Camp Watch the wildebeest thundering across the Mara River straight from Rekero’s spacious and comfortable tents, or game drive on the iconic plains of the Mara with one of the world-renowned guides PERFECT FOR Classic, Romantic, Family Greater Masai Mara   CAMP Encounter Mara Mara Bush Houses Naboisho Camp Rekero Camp Greater Masai Mara Comprised of the Masai Mara, a national reserve that needs little introduction, and numerous private conservancies, the Greater Mara region offers unrivalled game viewing from the Big 5 to the Great Migration. Encounter Mara Discover the Mara Naboisho Conservancy on game drives, bush walks and night drives from award-winning Encounter Mara, a traditional camp in the heart of the wilderness. PERFECT FOR Classic, Romantic, Active Mara Bush House Personally design your own itinerary and safari 100% on your terms at one of Asilia’s 3 private Bush Houses, perfectly situated for spectacular year-round game viewing PERFECT FOR Classic, Family, Romantic, Private Accommodation & Guiding Naboisho Camp Safari in sheer exclusivity in the ground-breaking Mara Naboisho Conservancy; combine spectacular game viewing with the conservation of the precious Mara-Serengeti ecosystem. PERFECT FOR Classic, Family, Romantic, Active, Private Accommodation & Guiding Nomadic Camp Explore some of the most exciting and extraordinary locations the Mara has to offer at the exclusive Nomadic mobile camp, where the expert guides tailor information specifically to you. PERFECT FOR Classic, Romantic, Active, Private Accommodation & Guiding Rekero Camp Watch the wildebeest thundering across the Mara River straight from Rekero’s spacious and comfortable tents, or game drive on the iconic plains of the Mara with one of the world-renowned guides PERFECT FOR Classic, Romantic, Family Ol Pejeta Conservancy   CAMP Ol Pejeta Bush Camp Ol Pejeta Conservancy View the last two Northern white rhino in the world, visit a Chimpanzee sanctuary and view the Big Five from a vehicle or on foot at Ol Pejeta, a pioneering conservancy in the Laikipia region. PERFECT FOR Classic, Romantic, Active, Family Ol Pejeta Bush Camp View the last two Northern white rhino in the world, visit a Chimpanzee sanctuary and view the Big Five from a vehicle or on foot at Ol Pejeta, a pioneering conservancy in the Laikipia region. PERFECT FOR Classic, Romantic, Active, Family Tanzania   REGION All Regions   CAMP Dunia Camp Jabali Ridge Jabali Private House Kwihala Camp Kimondo Camp Little Oliver’s Camp Namiri Plains Olakira Camp Oliver’s Camp Rubondo Island Camp Roho ya Selous Sayari Camp The Highlands Ubuntu Camp Discover Tanzania Home to Africa’s highest mountain and largest lake, the epic Great Migration, an abundance of wildlife and palm-fringed Zanzibar island, Tanzania is an iconic destination that really does have it all. The Highlands Discover the magnificent landscapes, wildlife and culture of the Ngorongoro Conservation Area in an experience like no other from the highest-altitude camp in the region, The Highlands. PERFECT FOR Classic, Romantic, Active Jabali Ridge Jabali Ridge is Ruaha's most sophisticated property. Explore Tanzania’s largest and wildest national park on game drives, walking safaris and night drives, with some of the continent’s most knowledgeable and experienced guides. PERFECT FOR Romantic, Active, Private Guiding & Accommodation Jabali Private House Jabali Private House is the most sophisticated safari bolt-hole in southern Tanzania, offering total privacy and complete flexibility in your safari itinerary. Built around 3 majestic baobabs, Jabali Private House is the ultimate base for a family or group of friends to experience Ruaha National Park. PERFECT FOR Romantic, Active, Private Guiding & Accommodation Kwihala Camp Discover Africa’s new safari frontier, Ruaha, on game drives, walking safaris and night drives, with some of the continent’s most knowledgeable and experienced guides. PERFECT FOR Romantic, Active, Private Guiding & Accommodation Rubondo Island Camp Immerse yourself in the colourful ecosystems of Rubondo and explore the unspoilt habitat on game drives, forest walks or boat safaris for an adventurous and action-packed safari with a difference. PERFECT FOR Romantic, Active, Family Dunia Camp With easy access to 3 key game-viewing areas in the heart of the Serengeti and Great Migration viewing twice a year, timeless Dunia Camp is the perfect base for an exclusive Serengeti safari. PERFECT FOR Classic, Romantic, Family Kimondo Camp An exotic blend of Moroccan influences and traditional East African charm await at Kimondo – an intimate camp that follows the Great Migration over the plains of the Serengeti. PERFECT FOR Classic, Romantic Namiri Plains Enjoy unrivalled big cat viewing from a vehicle or on foot in this exclusive corner of the Eastern Serengeti, with cool & elegant Namiri Plains as your base. PERFECT FOR Classic, Romantic, Active Olakira Camp Move with the wildebeest herds and the rhythm of the seasons at Olakira, a charming migration camp that ensures the best of the Great Migration is always on your doorstep. PERFECT FOR Classic, Romantic, Family Sayari Camp Set on the unspoilt Northern plains, close to the famous Lamai Wedge and multiple wildebeest crossing points along the Mara River, award-winning Sayari offers some of the world’s finest game viewing. PERFECT FOR Classic, Romantic, Active, Family Ubuntu Camp Small, intimate and personal, Ubuntu Migration Camp ensures a front row seat to the Great Migration in 3 spectacular locations in the north, south and west of the Serengeti. PERFECT FOR Classic, Romantic Oliver's Camp Game drive amongst elephants, fly camp under the stars and experience the thrill of a waking safari from elegant Oliver’s Camp in the remote south of Tarangire. PERFECT FOR Romantic, Active, Family, Private Guiding & Accommodation Little Oliver's Camp Make the most of the strikingly beautiful landscapes of Tarangire on a truly unique game driving and walking safari from the intimate 5-bedroomed Little Oliver’s Camp. PERFECT FOR Romantic, Active, Family, Private Guiding & Accommodation Roho ya Selous Set on a hill overlooking the water, Roho ya Selous sits in the very heart of the Selous Game Reserve. Explore this vast wilderness, home to one of Africa’s largest populations of wild dog, with our expert safari guides. Serengeti   CAMP Dunia Camp Kimondo Camp Namiri Plains Olakira Camp Sayari Camp Ubuntu Camp Serengeti With vast rolling plains stretching as far as the eye can see, an exceptional concentration of wildlife year round and of course, the stage for the Great Migration, the Serengeti is one of the best national parks on the continent. Dunia Camp With easy access to 3 key game-viewing areas in the heart of the Serengeti and Great Migration viewing twice a year, timeless Dunia Camp is the perfect base for an exclusive Serengeti safari. PERFECT FOR Classic, Romantic, Family Kimondo Camp An exotic blend of Moroccan influences and traditional East African charm await at Kimondo – an intimate camp that follows the Great Migration over the plains of the Serengeti. PERFECT FOR Classic, Romantic Namiri Plains Enjoy unrivalled big cat viewing from a vehicle or on foot in this exclusive corner of the Eastern Serengeti, with cool & elegant Namiri Plains as your base. PERFECT FOR Classic, Romantic, Active, Olakira Camp Move with the wildebeest herds and the rhythm of the seasons at Olakira, a charming migration camp that ensures the best of the Great Migration is always on your doorstep. PERFECT FOR Classic, Romantic, Family Sayari Camp Set on the unspoilt Northern plains, close to the famous Lamai Wedge and multiple wildebeest crossing points along the Mara River, award-winning Sayari offers some of the world’s finest game viewing. PERFECT FOR Classic, Romantic, Active, Family Ubuntu Camp Small, intimate and personal, Ubuntu Migration Camp ensures a front row seat to the Great Migration in 3 spectacular locations in the north, south and west of the Serengeti. PERFECT FOR Classic, Romantic Ngorongoro Conservation Area   CAMP The Highlands Ngorongoro Conservation Explore one of the Seven Natural Wonders of Africa, the NCA, home of the stunningly beautiful crater highlands and the Ngorongoro Crater, the largest volcanic caldera in the world and a haven for wildlife. The Highlands Discover the magnificent landscapes, wildlife and culture of the Ngorongoro Conservation Area in an experience like no other from the highest-altitude camp in the region, The Highlands. PERFECT FOR Classic, Romantic, Active Tarangire National Park   CAMP Oliver’s Camp Little Oliver’s Camp Tarangire National Park Step off the beaten track in uncrowded and untamed Tarangire; explore landscapes of enigmatic baobab forests filled with herds of buffalo and elephant and vibrant swamps, home to a varied & colourful birdlife Oliver's Camp Game drive amongst elephants, fly camp under the stars and experience the thrill of a waking safari from elegant Oliver’s Camp in the remote south of Tarangire. PERFECT FOR Romantic, Active, Family, Private Guiding & Accommodation Little Oliver's Camp Make the most of the strikingly beautiful landscapes of Tarangire on a truly unique game driving and walking safari from the intimate 5-bedroomed Little Oliver’s Camp. PERFECT FOR Romantic, Active, Family, Private Guiding & Accommodation Ruaha National Park   CAMP Jabali Ridge Jabali Private House Kwihala Camp Ruaha Be one of the few intrepid travellers to explore Tanzania’s largest national park, Ruaha, home to 10% of the world’s lion population and countless other species of animal and bird life. Jabali Ridge Jabali Ridge is Ruaha's most sophisticated property. Explore Tanzania’s largest and wildest national park on game drives, walking safaris and night drives, with some of the continent’s most knowledgeable and experienced guides. PERFECT FOR Romantic, Active, Private Guiding & Accommodation Jabali Private House Jabali Private House is the most sophisticated safari bolt-hole in southern Tanzania, offering total privacy and complete flexibility in your safari itinerary. Built around 3 majestic baobabs, Jabali Private House is the ultimate base for a family or group of friends to experience Ruaha National Park. PERFECT FOR Romantic, Active, Private Guiding & Accommodation Kwihala Camp Discover Africa’s new safari frontier, Ruaha, on game drives, walking safaris and night drives, with some of the continent’s most knowledgeable and experienced guides. PERFECT FOR Romantic, Active, Private Guiding & Accommodation Rubondo Island, Lake Victoria   CAMP Rubondo Island Camp Rubondo Island, Lake Victoria Explore Africa’s largest island National Park, a unique and pristine sub-tropical wilderness and home to threatened chimpanzee, families of wild elephant and a vibrant array of bird and marine life. Rubondo Island Camp Immerse yourself in the colourful ecosystems of Rubondo and explore the unspoilt habitat on game drives, forest walks or boat safaris for an adventurous and action-packed safari with a difference. PERFECT FOR Romantic, Active, Family Selous Game Reserve   CAMP Roho ya Selous Roho ya Selous Set on a hill overlooking the water, Roho ya Selous sits in the very heart of the Selous Game Reserve. Explore this vast wilderness, home to one of Africa’s largest populations of wild dog, with our expert safari guides. Selous Game Reserve The Selous is a wild and pristine game reserve in southern Tanzania, offering an off-the-beaten track safari with rewarding game viewing. PERFECT FOR Romantic, Active, Family Zanzibar & Coastline   REGION All Regions   CAMP Matemwe Lodge Matemwe Retreat Matemwe Beach House Zanzibar The perfect blend of tropical paradise and historical charm, the largest island in the Zanzibar Archipelago is a laid-back island getaway and perfect for some post-safari relaxation. Matemwe Lodge Unwind by the swimming pool at Matemwe Lodge, relax on the beautiful Matemwe Beach or dive the depths of the Indian Ocean in an unbeatable tropical island escape. PERFECT FOR Classic, Romantic, Active Matemwe Retreat Escape to your own private villa on tropical Zanzibar Island; with a private roof terrace & plunge pool, personal butler and in-room spa treatments, there’s nothing left to do but relax. PERFECT FOR Classic, Romantic, Active Matemwe Beach House Enjoy your own private slice of the beautiful Zanzibar coastline at Matemwe Beach House, a private 3-roomed house only a stone’s throw away from the beach and water activities of the Indian Ocean. PERFECT FOR Classic, Family, Romantic, Active, Private Guiding & Accommodation Matemwe   CAMP Matemwe Lodge Matemwe Retreat Matemwe Beach House Matemwe A quiet beach on the north-eastern coast of Zanzibar with the famous Mnemba Atoll only a short boat ride away, Matemwe is the perfect base for a beach holiday that is as relaxing or active as you would like Matemwe Lodge Unwind by the swimming pool at Matemwe Lodge, relax on the beautiful Matemwe Beach or dive the depths of the Indian Ocean in an unbeatable tropical island escape. PERFECT FOR Classic, Romantic, Active Matemwe Retreat Escape to your own private villa on tropical Zanzibar Island; with a private roof terrace & plunge pool, personal butler and in-room spa treatments, there’s nothing left to do but relax. PERFECT FOR Classic, Romantic, Active Matemwe Beach House Enjoy your own private slice of the beautiful Zanzibar coastline at Matemwe Beach House, a private 3-roomed house only a stone’s throw away from the beach and water activities of the Indian Ocean. PERFECT FOR Classic, Family, Romantic, Active, Private Guiding & Accommodation What To Do   SELECT A CATEGORY Iconic Experiences   The Great Migration Big Cats & The Big 5 Chimpanzees & Gorilla Trekking Kilimanjaro Climbing Cultural Experiences Tropical Beaches Safari Types   Active Safari Classic Safari Family Safari Private Accommodation & Guiding Romantic Experience Asilia Adventures Activities   Safari Activities Zanzibar Activities Camp Types   Our Comfort Camps An authentic safari experience at great value. Featuring pared-back style with thoughtful details that ensure you have all you need for a comfortable stay. Encounter Mara | Kwihala Camp | Mara Bush Houses | Matemwe Beach House | Matemwe Lodge | Ol Pejeta Bush Camp | Ubuntu Camp View All Comfort Camps Our Classic Camps Our Classic range boasts our world-renowned and award-winning heritage camps representing our pioneering safari roots. Dunia Camp | Kimondo Camp | Little Oliver's Camp | Matemwe Retreat | Naboisho Camp | Namiri Plains | Olakira Camp | Oliver's Camp | Rekero Camp | Roho ya Selous | Rubondo Island Camp | The Highlands View All Classic Camps Our Reserve Camps Enhanced by the incredible beauty of the East African landscape, our Reserve camps exude character and meticulous attention to detail. Sayari Camp | Jabali Private House | Jabali Ridge View All Reserve Camps Safari Planning   NEW TO ASILIA? START HERE Virtual Safaris Video Gallery Interactive Map Itineraries Asilia Adventures Safari Fundis Frequently Asked Questions Blog Positive Impact Enquire Now Asilia Africa East Africa's Backstage Pass Home FIND OUT MORE Join us in our commitment to empowering crucial wilderness areas in East Africa, benefitting people and nature alike. The same classic Namiri Plains safari experience with new, stylish accommodation. FIND OUT MORE Namiri Plains Reimagined Join us to explore this remote and secluded area of the eastern Serengeti from the new Namiri Plains. FIND OUT MORE Namiri Plains Reimagined Complete with a swimming pool, fascinating information centre, and a spa for added indulgence. FIND OUT MORE Namiri Plains Reimagined Maximising views of the seasonal riverbed, a favourite place for wildlife that come to drink and cool off. FIND OUT MORE Namiri Plains Reimagined Journey with us on a safari that takes you into the heart of Africa. Witness nature’s greatest wildlife spectacles from our intimate camps, situated to deliver the very best experiences. Our expert guides reveal to you the secrets of the wild, and our sensitive approach helps crucial wilderness areas to thrive. Prime Locations Superbly situated camps give immediate access to extraordinary concentration of big game. Rich Experiences We deliver extraordinary wildlife encounters and deeply meaningful experiences. Positive Impact Asilia takes a leading role in wilderness sustainability and community enrichment. Critically Acclaimed Asilia has won countless accolades that prove we do East Africa safaris best. Camp Finder Activities Itineraries Interactive Map The Great Migration Tanzania Kenya Asilia Adventures "Namiri Plains: Brian Jackman recommends Namiri Plains as "one of the best places to experience the migration this year." “Mara Bush Houses consist of three authentic, exceptionally well-managed, exclusive use homes.” "Asilia's Rubondo Island offers diverse wildlife and breathtaking views." "The Highlands: Featured in the NY Times Top 10 African adventures to 'Answer the Call of the Wild.'" "Namiri Plains: Featured on Conde Nast’s annual Hot List – the definitive guide to the best new properties in the world." Sign up for our newsletter to receive the latest special offers & news from the wilderness: Name * Email Address * This iframe contains the logic required to handle Ajax powered Gravity Forms. About Us About Asilia Blog Contact Us Careers Frequently Asked Questions Terms & Conditions AsiliaGiving   Regions Kenya Greater Masai Mara Ol Pejeta Conservancy Tanzania Ngorongoro Conservation Area Ruaha National Park Rubondo Island Serengeti Selous Game Reserve Tarangire National Park Zanzibar & Coastline Matemwe Get In Touch Cape Town office: +27 21 418 0468 Arusha office: +255 736 500 515 Nairobi office: +254 20 232 4904 Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube TripAdvisor Newsletter Asilia Africa Where To Go Kenya Greater Masai Mara Encounter Mara Mara Bush Houses Naboisho Camp Rekero Camp Back Ol Pejeta Conservancy Ol Pejeta Bush Camp Back Back Tanzania Ngorongoro Conservation Area The Highlands Back Ruaha National Park Jabali Ridge Kwihala Camp Back Rubondo Island Rubondo Island Camp Back Serengeti Dunia Camp Kimondo Camp Namiri Plains Olakira Camp Sayari Camp Ubuntu Camp Back Tarangire National Park Oliver’s Camp Little Oliver’s Camp Back Back Zanzibar & Coastline Matemwe Matemwe Lodge Matemwe Retreat Matemwe Beach House Back Back Back What To Do Iconic Experiences The Great Migration Big Cats & The Big 5 Kilimanjaro Climbing Chimpanzees & Gorilla Trekking Cultural Experiences Tropical Beaches Back Safari Types Active Safari Classic Safari Family Safari Private Accommodation & Guiding Romantic Experience Asilia Adventures Back Activities Safari Activities Zanzibar Activities Back Back Camps Types Our Comfort Camps Our Classic Camps Our Reserve Camps Back Plan Your Safari Interactive Map Itineraries Top 10 Things To Do Asilia Adventures Safari Fundis Back Positive Impact Where To Go Kenya Greater Masai Mara Encounter Mara Mara Bush Houses Naboisho Camp Rekero Camp Back Ol Pejeta Conservancy Ol Pejeta Bush Camp Back Back Tanzania Ngorongoro Conservation Area The Highlands Back Ruaha National Park Jabali Ridge Kwihala Camp Back Rubondo Island Rubondo Island Camp Back Serengeti Dunia Camp Kimondo Camp Namiri Plains Olakira Camp Sayari Camp Ubuntu Camp Back Tarangire National Park Oliver’s Camp Little Oliver’s Camp Back Back Zanzibar & Coastline Matemwe Matemwe Lodge Matemwe Retreat Matemwe Beach House Back Back Back What To Do Iconic Experiences The Great Migration Big Cats & The Big 5 Kilimanjaro Climbing Chimpanzees & Gorilla Trekking Cultural Experiences Tropical Beaches Back Safari Types Active Safari Classic Safari Family Safari Private Accommodation & Guiding Romantic Experience Asilia Adventures Back Activities Safari Activities Zanzibar Activities Back Back Camps Types Our Comfort Camps Our Classic Camps Our Reserve Camps Back Plan Your Safari Interactive Map Itineraries Top 10 Things To Do Asilia Adventures Safari Fundis Back Positive Impact Make An Enquiry Enquire Now Make An Enquiry Quick Question I'm a Travel Agent Contact Us 