Home Aaran House on Weymouth Beach Relax in beautiful Weymouth. Stroll round the Harbour or paddle on the Beach +44 1305 766669 denise.groves@aaranhouse.co.uk 2 Esplanade, Weymouth, Dorset DT4 8EA #social-icons Aaran House on Weymouth Beach Relax in beautiful Weymouth. Stroll round the Harbour or paddle on the Beach Menu Skip to content Home Rooms Weymouth Breakfast Archive Aaran Guesthouse You Tube playlist 2018 Beach Events Aaran House – right on the sea front Bright for Sight fun run – Saturday night 13th April 2019 A windy day in Weymouth Iron Man 70.3 Weymouth – 23rd September 2018 Weymouth Half-marathon 17th March 2019 Half Marathon races in Weymouth Beach Motocross, Weymouth, Sunday 28th October 2018 Donkey rides on Weymouth Beach – Westhill Donkeys Veterans Day celebrations Pavilion Theatre Weymouth Pavilion Theatre programme Places to Visit A day out in Purbeck International Market in Weymouth – 10th till 14th April 2019 Moreton Tea Rooms – Perfect for a real Dorset cream tea Monkey World Ape Rescue Centre Wareham Quayside Seafood Festival and Harbour Events Dunkirk filmed in Weymouth Harbour – 27th/28th July 2016 Tall Ships in Weymouth Harbour Tall Ships Irene, Prolific and Royalist visiting Weymouth Harbour, April 2019 HMS Vigilant in Weymouth Harbour TS Royalist in Weymouth Harbour – 27th August 2018 – 4:30pm Trawler Nereus puts into Weymouth Harbour Waterfest Weymouth – looking back at 2014 to 2016 Weymouth Harbour – some of the sights Location and Parking Book Online Contact Us Search for: #masthead .site-header #masthead-wrap Home .entry-header Aaran House is a Weymouth Guest House overlooking Weymouth Beach Aaran House is a Weymouth Guest House ideally located on Weymouth Beach Jim and Denise welcome you to relax in Aaran House, our friendly and comfortable Weymouth Guest House, overlooking Weymouth Beach . Let Aaran Guest House be your peaceful and cosy home-from-home here in the heart of Weymouth. Whether you are here for work, on a fishing trip or just a break, put your feet up and watch the world go by. Location Our Georgian guest house enjoys a perfect location , with all rooms featuring spectacular views over the splendid sandy Weymouth Beach in front or the picturesque Weymouth Harbour , to the rear. Everyone gets a view. We offer generous breakfasts with a good selection of quality ingredients, cooked fresh for you to enjoy. Nearby The Pavilion Theatre ,  Town Centre shops, Hope Square, Marina, Nothe Fort, Museum, Library and all amenities are just a step away . From Aaran House B & B, a short drive takes you to beautiful countryside, historical monuments, museums and more. Durdle Door, Portland Bill, Cerne Abbas Giant and quaint pubs and cafes are nearby. Warmwell Holiday Park (skiing, fishing, pool, jungle run and roller rink), Zorbing, Purbeck Peninsula and the gateway to the Jurassic Coast World Heritage Site are all close by places to visit . Check out our Archive page for posts on Beach events , places to visit and Tall Ships in the Harbour . We have a few YouTube videos which show a number of events right on our doorstep and local sites just a short drive away. Pavilion Theatre at night Pavilion in blue and gold Events Aaran House is in the perfect location to view the many events all year-round in Weymouth. In just a few yards, you can watch Firework displays , historic cars, military parades and vehicles , kite festivals, Veterans Day Parades, Tall Ships , Dunkirk filming locations , Dragon Boat Races, Christmas Day Harbour Swim , Marathon and Iron Man Races, Waterfest , Seafood Festival , Navy Vessels , Gig Boats, Beach Motocross , Santa Fun Run and many others. In recent years, there have been up to 300 events and most take place within 100 metres of Aaran House. For the less adventurous, there are donkey rides on the Beach , crazy golf, trampolines, bungee-bouncers, stalls of all kinds, a fairground around the corner plus visiting fairs, Ferry Boat across the Harbour and much more. Beach Motocross Activities In addition to all the sights and sounds and the events, there are numerous activities. You can take a gentle stroll along the Beach – Winter or Summer , or go for a paddle in the gently sloping waters (waist-deep about 100 yards out!) You can hire a fishing trip or just go for a boat tour around the Bay or along the Coast. There are water taxis over to Portland and “Dorset Safari” tours via Landrover. Nearby we have guided fossil tours in Charmouth. Back in Weymouth, we have the SkyView Tower about 200 yards away and you can hire Jetskis about 400 yards away. Best of all, you can stroll from pub-to-pub around the Harbour and just relax over a drink and a meal. Veteran Ferry Boats dating from World War Two About us Denise was involved in travel sales for many years (Thompson Tui and others) while Jim is a retired scientist. We believe in respecting the environment and have tried to reduce waste and energy consumption in various ways since we  moved in (see our Green Statement here .) We also provide a cookies and privacy policy ( see our Policy Statement here. ) Booking a room We accept booking by telephone, via this website or via certain online travel agents (e.g. Booking.com). For more details see our Book Online page, where you will also find a few terms and conditions. Alternatively, you can just click any page where you see the “ Book Now ” button and this will take you to our free online booking partners . .entry-meta .entry-content #post-1538 #comments .comments-area #content .site-content #primary .content-area 1 2 3 4 5 Recent Posts Recent Posts Select Month July 2019 May 2019 April 2019 March 2019 December 2018 November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 March 2018 December 2017 October 2017 #secondary .widget-area #tertiary .widget-area #main .site-main Book Now Archive Weymouth Beach Seafood Festival and Harbour Events Places to Visit Pavilion Theatre Weymouth footer container 2019 Aaran House .site-info #colophon .site-footer #page .hfeed .site end of wrapper This website uses cookies to improve your experience. As far as we know, this site complies with GDPR requirements. We hope you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Accept Reject Read More Privacy & Cookies Policy Necessary Always Enabled Non-necessary Non-necessary <link rel='stylesheet' id='sow-slider-default-af840588f36c-css' href='https://www.aaranhouse.co.uk/wp-content/uploads/siteorigin-widgets/sow-slider-default-af840588f36c.css?ver=5.2.2' type='text/css' media='all' /> 