Albany Wisconsin Bed and Breakfast | Albany House Bed & Breakfast 43-page3.tpl Accessibility stuff Skip Navigation Website Accessibility column0_components innkeeper@albanyhouse.com 608-862-3636 navigation Brand and toggle get grouped for better mobile display Toggle navigation ☰ Menu span class="navbar-brand visible-xs-block" data-toggle="collapse" href="#">Menu</span Collect the nav links, forms, and other content for toggling Home About Us History of Albany House Our Policies Accommodations Guest Rooms & Rates Joshua Wood Master Bedroom Eagle's Nest Suite Rose Room Birdseye Room Cozy Room River Cottage Breakfast Artist Workshops Extras Area Attractions Contact Us Accessibility stuff column2_components Indicators Wrapper for slides Controls Previous Next Albany House Bed & Breakfast in Green County Wisconsin Escape to a comfortable country retreat surrounded by large shade trees, gardens, and quiet places to relax. Albany House was built in 1908, after the Victorian Age but still boasts classic oak and cherry woodwork, pocket doors, and fireplaces. This Albany WI Guest House is decorated in an eclectic style, not Victorian, Craftsman, or Modern, but a combination of all three. Chairs and couches are chosen for style and comfort to create a place where you would like to curl up with a good book or share a quiet moment with a friend. The front porch invites you to spend an afternoon visiting with other guests, sipping a glass of lemonade. Guest Rooms Designed for Your Comfort Bedrooms  at Albany House have private baths, king or queen-sized beds, and comfortable chairs for relaxing. Each room features objects and artwork of beauty and interest. The  Master Bedroom is perfect for a romantic weekend with a king bed and a fireplace. The  Eagle's Nest two-bedroom suite is ideal for two couples or a family, with a television, a refrigerator, fireplace, and a table for games or writing.  Visit our  accommodations page for more details. Enjoy a Relaxing Breakfast Each Morning At Albany House, mornings start with a great  breakfast served in the dining room.  Coffee, tea and hot chocolate are available an hour before. Relax on the front porch of our Wisconsin Bed and Breakfast or in the winter lounge in front of a cozy fire in the living room while you read the paper or plan your day full of things to do in Albany and Green County. Check Availability Make Reservation   Explore Green County, Wisconsin After breakfast head out to explore Green County, Wisconsin .  Outdoor activities include tubing on the Sugar River, biking on the Sugar River Trail, and hiking on the Ice Age Trail or in New Glarus Woods State Park.  Green County is the heart of Wisconsin cheese country with cheese stores located all over the county.  And it is the home of two great breweries, New Glarus brewery in New Glarus and Minhas in Monroe.  Both offer brewery tours. Shop in Amish Country For shopping check out the square in Monroe, New Glarus, or the small but surprising town of Paoli.  Our Amish community has a bakery, a dry goods store, and a furniture store only a short distance from Albany.  Or take the Quilt Tour locating dozens of quilts on barns in the area. In the foyer at Albany House we keep an extensive supply of maps and brochures.  The Green County web site, www.greencounty.org is a great source for more information. Experience Fine Dining in Southern Wisconsin Finally, end the day with a good meal at one of our many fine restaurants in the area.  A binder of menus is available and we can help you with reservations.   Plan Your Getaway in Our River Cottage Located directly across the street from the bed & breakfast you’ll find River Cottage, a fully refurbished 1912 craftsman cottage. The eight-room air conditioned cottage can easily accommodate 2-6 people.  As a self-catered facility  it includes a fully equipped kitchen. A first floor bedroom includes a queen sized bed and attached private bath. A queen sized luxury sleeper sofa is available for larger groups. The second floor bedroom suite features a king sized bed, full bath and fireplace. The cozy spa room on the first floor includes a double whirlpool tub and fireplace with comfortable lounge chairs to relax in. Fully Equipped for Family Fun Other features include a living room with TV, wifi, a dining room and a three season porch. The kitchen has a dishwasher, refrigerator, stove, microwave, and toaster, as well as dishes, cutlery and pots and pans.  For coffee lovers we have added a Keurig with a selection of coffees and tea. The grounds include a patio with gas grill and plenty of room for volley ball and croquet.  The property backs up to the beautiful Sugar River. River Cottage is ideal for a private romantic weekend, a friends getaway or a family vacation. footer   Albany House Bed & Breakfast  |  405 S. Mill St. Albany, WI 53502  |  608-862-3636  |  innkeeper@albanyhouse.com We are committed to ADA compliance. Read our accessibility statement Home   |   About Us   |   Accommodations   |   Breakfast   |   Artist Workshops   |   Extras   |   Area Attractions   |   Contact Us   |   Site Map Cart Styles Copyright © 2007-2019 - Albany House Bed and Breakfast Bed and Breakfast Website Design by BnBwebsites 43-page3.tpl 