Arizona Inn: A Historic Boutique Hotel Retreat in Tucson, AZ Skip to main content Home Accommodations Our Hotel Amenities History Dining Location Things To Do Weddings Events The Arizona Inn Experience an Authentic & Historic Hotel in Tucson, Arizona Embrace the spirit of the Southwest at the Arizona Inn, a uniquely charming Tucson hotel with resort amenities in the Midtown neighborhood. Family owned and run since 1930, our historic boutique hotel offers a serene setting in which to find tranquility in the heart of Tucson.   Unwind in beautiful casita-style accommodations with elegant decor and views of our lush gardens. Experience inviting Arizona hospitality at our eclectic resort with award-winning dining , romantic wedding venues , and spectacular  amenities . An ideal atmosphere for celebration, relaxation, and recreation, our hotel is designed for unforgettable vacations and romantic retreats. Escape to a desert oasis near everything you want to see, do, and experience in Tucson . Read More Why Book Direct?   Free Wi-Fi Stay connected in your room and throughout the resort with complimentary high-speed Wi-Fi.   Personal Service Our friendly staff is on hand to accommodate special requests and make recommendations.   No Resort Fees Pool access, bike rentals, valet parking, recreation, and more are included at no extra cost!   Best Rate. Guaranteed. You get the absolute best available rate when you book direct, we promise - or we'll match it. Top 5 Reasons to Stay Serenity Near Downtown Our hotel on a quiet and quaint residential street in Midtown is just moments from downtown Tucson hotspots and historic 4th Avenue. 1 Top 5 Reasons to Stay Outdoor Pool & Cabana Our heated outdoor pool is open all year, with comfy cabanas and poolside wait service for the ultimate relaxation amid lush garden views. 2 Top 5 Reasons to Stay A Historic Landmark Our family-owned hotel has been welcoming guests to Tucson since 1930 and has earned designation on the National Register of Historic Places. 3 Top 5 Reasons to Stay Inviting Resort Amenities From nightly live music to seasonal sundae bars, afternoon tea service, and tennis and croquet courts, our hotel has everything you need to relax. 4 Top 5 Reasons to Stay Award-Winning Dining Our exceptional dining options include an upscale, award-winning Southwestern restaurant and an outdoor bar and patio. 5 Rooms & Suites Charming Boutique Lodging Stay comfortably in one of 92 elegantly appointed rooms and suites, each featuring boutique comforts including plush robes, garden views, antique furnishings, and nightly turndown service. Select Rooms Offer: Cozy fireplaces Private patios Separate sitting room See All Rooms & Suites Food & Drink Inspired Southwest Cuisine Make a Reservation Make Reservation of Food & Drink Dining Room Menu Weddings & Events Celebrate Life's Moments Here Venues Make Reservation of Weddings & Events Plan Your Event In the Words of Our Guests “A Great Stay and Something New to Me” Fabulous stay in all respects. A delightful, distinguished, and extremely well managed resort (not just an inn). Staff over the top in gracious service, helpful attitude, and superbly professional. We recommend it to any and all. ~ Guest, London “Perfect” We spent 6 wonderful nights at the Arizona Inn. Rooms, staff, grounds, service, and dining are all 5 star. We especially enjoyed the outdoor dining and the pool. The location is excellent and the hotel is beautifully maintained. ~ Deborah, Fort Worth, TX Discover Arizona's Beauty & Culture Explore Nearby Attractions Arizona Inn History Founded in 1930 by Isabella Greenway, the Arizona Inn has transformed into a landmark hotel destination in Tucson while remaining in operation by fourth-generation members of the Greenway family. View More Adventure Begins Here View the Full Map Step Inside. Feel The Vintage Charm. Gallery View All Photos Subscribe for Email Offers Sign Up For Exclusive Offers and News Event Calendar Photo Gallery Reviews E-Map Contact Arizona Inn 2200 E Elm Street , Tucson , Arizona 85719 View Arizona Inn on Google Map Phone: 520-325-1541 Arizona Inn Phone number Toll Free: 800-933-1093 Arizona Inn Toll free number Fax: 520-881-5830 Email: reservations@arizonainn.com Email to Arizona Inn Visit Site Popular Links Accommodations Dining Location Things To Do Weddings Events Information Careers Contact Site Map Privacy Policy Gift Cards ADA Website Conformance Employment Form Tucson, Arizona Facebook Twitter Pinterest Instagram Arrival Departure Rooms 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9   Adults 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9   Children 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9   Check Availability Back to top 