Motels Wanganui | Affordable Accommodation Wanganui | Anndion Anndion Lodge Motel & Function Centre : Lodge rooms, Motel Units and Family Accommodation : 143 - 145 Anzac Pde, Whanganui, New Zealand social icons Call 0800 343056 close .width-container AFFORDABLE CORPORATE SUITES Quiet, private suites away from the hustle and noise of the city... FAMILY FRIENDLY ACCOMMODATION With pool, spa, BBQ area, and pool table to keep the kids entertained... CONFERENCE FACILITIES Conference Room onsite for all your meeting / Training / Hui needs... ANNDION WEDDINGS Ceremony, Reception, Accommodation - Enquire about our Pop Up Weddings!... Birthdays - Anniversaries - Family Gatherings Hold your Private Functions at Anndion Debug Warning: All in One SEO Pack meta data was included again from wp_head filter. Called 2 times! Google Tag Manager End Google Tag Manager close .width-container #page-title Home Accommodation Lodge Ensuite Studios Standard Ensuite Studios Family Suites Lodge Rooms View Lodge Layout (PDF) Corporate accommodation Exclusive Lodge – Terms & Conditions Restaurant Restaurant Information Carvery Buffet Menu Beverage Menu Christmas Day Menu Conference Menus Functions Functions Information Christmas Day Menu Christmas Functions Carvery Buffet Menu Weddings Pop Up Weddings at Anndion Wedding Information Options & Costs Terms & Conditions Carvery Buffet Menu Honeymoon Packages Wedding Gallery Conferences Conference Information Room Hire & Capacities Conference Menus About Us Location FAQ Contact Us leave open as it is closed in footer.php Homepage Anndion Lodge & Motel Wanganui Accommodation & Function Centre Kia ora, let us welcome you to the Anndion Lodge & Motel Wanganui. We would like to invite you to experience the unique hospitality the Anndion Lodge is renowned for – with our diverse range of affordable accommodation options and conference facilitie s, we are more like a Travellers Resort than just a room for the night. Located on the banks of the Wanganui River with stunning river views we offer genuine kiwi hospitality to make you feel right at home. Come and enjoy one of the best Wanganui Motels! Our Motel offers you quality and affordable accommodation in Wanganui for business or pleasure, whether you are a corporate traveller,  or business rep , family, holiday backpacker, or an overseas guest looking for a boutique weekend bed and breakfast room. Our Motel is the ideal home base for tradies or workers needing accommodation in Wanganui, with options of full in house catering available and fast reliable WIFI. Ask us about our ‘long stay’ options available for guests. Whatever your requirements or budget, be it a  backpackers room , contemporary motel suite, or large family suite , the Motel has a unique range of accommodation options that’s sure to suit. Book us for golfing trips, sports teams, wedding venue or family group functions – experience the convenience of having everyone stay together at the same premises! ‘Pop up Weddings at Anndion in Wanganui…learn more »’ Anndion Lodge can be booked exclusively for  special functions , conference venues or private staff groups; be it a management workshop, or corporate business events – with  21 rooms, including 11 ensuite motel studios and the ability to accommodate up to 54 guests in a spacious, upmarket and homely environment with a pool, sauna, spa pool and conference facilities. Base yourself at the riverside Anndion Lodge in one of our self contained family suites to explore the greater Wanganui district or the Whanganui River Valley. Take in The Village of Jerusalem (Hiruharama) made famous by Mother Mary Aubert (whose Catholic mission remains there today), and poet James K Baxter, then on to Pipiriki the gateway to the Whanganui National Park. Enjoy the Ski Season – the Motel is an excellent choice of holiday accommodation for a group wishing to enjoy a day skiing on the Whakapapa or Turoa ski fields on Mt Ruapehu as well as taking in the sights of the region then returning to relax in the sauna or spa. close .content-container-anchor close #content-container Check out our latest reviews Extremely efficient booking in process with the staff going pout of their way to provide what was required. The staff were very welcoming. Enjoyed the quality of the rooms. The service was very good. We would definitely come again. BioGiene (Trip Advisor Review) We had such a lovely time at the Anndion Lodge. The rooms were immaculate the whole atmosphere was wonderful. We were pleased with the price, I will definitely recommend this perfect to anyone traveling to Wanganui. Tia891 (Trip Advisor Review) I wanted to take this time to say how much of a great stay Richard (Tidbury) and I had. The room we got was clean and tidy and the décor was modern and simply beautiful. We really wanted to try out the spa/hot pools but couldn’t brave the weather 🙂 Everything was all fantastic. Stacey W (Trip Advisor Review) “…unusually luxurious, it feels more like a small hotel…” Rough Guides - Word Travel Guide We recently celebrated a birthday milestone and family reunion at Anndion Lodge. The service right from the start was excellent, from the correspondence to the planning of the meal and the accommodation. Very personal friendly and comfortable. A great venue for family occasions. Highly recommended ! 452janetm (Trip Advisor) end slideshow wrap trip-advisor-anndion close .content-container-anchor close #sidebar close .width-container close #main Anndion Lodge Reviews close .width-container close #footer-widgets © 2019 Anndion Lodge 143 - 145 Anzac Pde, Wanganui, New Zealand NAKI ILLUMINATI LIMITED T/a Anndion Lodge - New Zealand owned and operated. social icons close #copyright Custom Facebook Feed JS MENU Home Accommodation Lodge Ensuite Studios Standard Ensuite Studios Family Suites Lodge Rooms View Lodge Layout (PDF) Corporate accommodation Exclusive Lodge – Terms & Conditions Restaurant Restaurant Information Carvery Buffet Menu Beverage Menu Christmas Day Menu Conference Menus Functions Functions Information Christmas Day Menu Christmas Functions Carvery Buffet Menu Weddings Pop Up Weddings at Anndion Wedding Information Options & Costs Terms & Conditions Carvery Buffet Menu Honeymoon Packages Wedding Gallery Conferences Conference Information Room Hire & Capacities Conference Menus About Us Location FAQ Contact Us Google Tag Manager (noscript) End Google Tag Manager (noscript) 