Alexandra Resort - All Inclusive Turks and Caicos Resort Book Now  for  guaranteed best rate  or call us at 1.800.284.0699 FAQ FAQ ABOUT ALEXANDRA RESORT GROUPS INCENTIVE GROUPS FAMILY REUNIONS & SOCIAL GROUPS WEDDINGS & HONEYMOONS GROUP EVENT CONTACT CONTACT Facebook Instagram Twitter YouTube Alexandra Resort Specials Gallery Experience All-Inclusive Dining Elevate Spa Kids Stay Free Activities Providenciales & Grace Bay Beach Stories Rooms All Rooms Studios One Bedroom Suites Two Bedroom Suites Four Bedroom Ocean Front Penthouse Suite TURKS & CAICOS COLLECTION Ambergris Cay Beach House Blue Haven Resort Alexandra Resort Grace Bay All-Inclusive Studio, 1-4 Bedroom Suites Kids Stay Free Receive Private Offers First Name Last Name E-Mail Address Featured Services & Amenities THE ESSENTIAL GRID 2.2.2 CUSTOM Explore anemptytextlline Elevate Spa anemptytextlline Resort Activities anemptytextlline Honeymoons & Romance anemptytextlline Dining anemptytextlline Stay in One Play in Three Experience 3 All-Inclusive Vacations in 1   All-inclusive Alexandra Resort invites you to enjoy the best resort on world acclaimed Grace Bay Beach. Of all the Turks and Caicos resorts located on exclusive Providenciales, few offer the perfect combination of a beachfront address, spacious suites, and a wide range of amenities and services including the fact that when you stay at Alexandra Resort, you can also play at our two all-inclusive sister resorts: Blue Haven Resort and adults-only Beach House. We are proud to enhance your all-inclusive experience at the Turks and Caicos Collection where our preferred selection of Turks and Caicos resorts each offer three distinct experiences but are united under one extraordinary service philosophy! Learn More You’ve Got dreams Experience Experience a day at the resort through a guests’ eyes with a sample itinerary of resort activities, entertainment & more. Learn More Dine Around Visit our restaurants or guests of Alexandra Resort can take a complimentary dining shuttle to dine at Blue Haven Resort, and Beach House. Learn More Bucket List Check a few items off of your bucket list with these must-do experiences available only at Alexandra Resort on the #1 beach in the world. Learn More Why Us? Tiffany from Los Angeles "I stayed at the Alexandra at the end of May and beginning of June with two of my girlfriends. In fact, we were their very first all inclusive customers. It was amazing ! I have never experienced such service at a hotel. The all inclusive is a MUST. You don't have to worry about carrying anything with you around the property or beach. You just have a wrist band that identifies you as "AI" that basically gives you all access. I can't tell you how nice it is to go up to the bar, relax with your friends, chat with Brennan the bartender, and not have to worry about splitting up the tab afterwards." 5.0 2018-03-13T14:10:02+00:00 "I stayed at the Alexandra at the end of May and beginning of June with two of my girlfriends. In fact, we were their very first all inclusive customers. It was amazing! I have never experienced such service at a hotel. The all inclusive is a MUST. You don't have to worry about carrying anything with you around the property or beach. You just have a wrist band that identifies you as "AI" that basically gives you all access. I can't tell you how nice it is to go up to the bar, relax with your friends, chat with Brennan the bartender, and not have to worry about splitting up the tab afterwards." https://www.alexandraresort.com/testimonials/tiffany-p-from-los-angeles/ .testimonial_rotator_microdata Joyce from New Jersey "The hotel was beautiful and immaculate. The room was super clean and the maid service came each and every day. There were plenty of towels and they even give you complimentary aloe which I appreciated because of a sunburned foot! Blue Haven and Beach House sister resorts was by far my favorite feature of this hotel. The shuttle was always right on time and it was cool to be at other resorts. We ate at the Beach House for dinner one night and Blue Haven the next. You can also walk to the Beach House along the beach so we took a walk one day and stopped for a drink and a quick splash in the pool before heading back!" 4.0 2018-03-13T14:17:15+00:00 "The hotel was beautiful and immaculate. The room was super clean and the maid service came each and every day. There were plenty of towels and they even give you complimentary aloe which I appreciated because of a sunburned foot! Blue Haven and Beach House sister resorts was by far my favorite feature of this hotel. The shuttle was always right on time and it was cool to be at other resorts. We ate at the Beach House for dinner one night and Blue Haven the next. You can also walk to the Beach House along the beach so we took a walk one day and stopped for a drink and a quick splash in the pool before heading back!" https://www.alexandraresort.com/testimonials/joyce-from-new-jersey/ .testimonial_rotator_microdata Joan from Wisconsin "17th time back to our favorite room at our favorite resort! 3-502 is a beautiful penthouse with a perfect view of the ocean and resort while not costing near as much as the ones directly on the ocean. We were somewhat concerned with the condition of the island due to the recent hurricanes but very happy to see the Alexandra looked great. We love this resort because it's in a perfect location on Grace Bay (why stay anywhere but the #1 beach in the world again in 2018!) but also a good value for the cost. Also the staff here is typically excellent. Thank you for another great trip Alexandra!" 5.0 2018-03-13T14:22:17+00:00 "17th time back to our favorite room at our favorite resort! 3-502 is a beautiful penthouse with a perfect view of the ocean and resort while not costing near as much as the ones directly on the ocean. We were somewhat concerned with the condition of the island due to the recent hurricanes but very happy to see the Alexandra looked great. We love this resort because it's in a perfect location on Grace Bay (why stay anywhere but the #1 beach in the world again in 2018!) but also a good value for the cost. Also the staff here is typically excellent. Thank you for another great trip Alexandra!" https://www.alexandraresort.com/testimonials/joan-from-wisconsin/ .testimonial_rotator_microdata Claire from New Hampshire "So let me start by saying I am a picky eater. We found the staff to be highly accommodating to our needs, especially Milton the Food Service Director. On day two of twelve I mentioned a couple of items to Milton and after apologizing he continuously checked in on us to make sure we were happy with everything for the rest of our stay and even arranged for a romantic dinner for two on the beach. The dinner on the beach was awesome, we had watched Adno preparing the spot on and off all day and then he was our server on the beach and could not have been more thoughtful or accommodating!" 4.0 2018-03-13T14:28:52+00:00 "So let me start by saying I am a picky eater. We found the staff to be highly accommodating to our needs, especially Milton the Food Service Director. On day two of twelve I mentioned a couple of items to Milton and after apologizing he continuously checked in on us to make sure we were happy with everything for the rest of our stay and even arranged for a romantic dinner for two on the beach. The dinner on the beach was awesome, we had watched Adno preparing the spot on and off all day and then he was our server on the beach and could not have been more thoughtful or accommodating!" https://www.alexandraresort.com/testimonials/claire-from-new-hampshire/ .testimonial_rotator_microdata Jessica "The Elevate (spa staff), WOW is all I can say. Big thank you to all who genuinely cared and appreciated our stay. 2 Thumbs up! The resort has many activities daily, from Karaoke, to Chocolate Bar (Choc Martinis were heavenly), water aerobics...etc. Also have bikes that you can take to the IGA or do some shopping in town. Short 5-10 bike ride. If you are looking for the BEST deal, with the BEST resort and amenities and the BEST staff, look no further. The all inclusive deal is hands down the best ... also they have a free shuttle to their 2 sister properties!" 5.0 2018-03-13T14:34:11+00:00 "The Elevate (spa staff), WOW is all I can say. Big thank you to all who genuinely cared and appreciated our stay. 2 Thumbs up! The resort has many activities daily, from Karaoke, to Chocolate Bar (Choc Martinis were heavenly), water aerobics...etc. Also have bikes that you can take to the IGA or do some shopping in town. Short 5-10 bike ride. If you are looking for the BEST deal, with the BEST resort and amenities and the BEST staff, look no further. The all inclusive deal is hands down the best ... also they have a free shuttle to their 2 sister properties!" https://www.alexandraresort.com/testimonials/jessica/ .testimonial_rotator_microdata 4.6 5 aggregate rating #testimonial_rotator_widget_ .testimonial_rotator_widget_wrap Ambergris Cay Alexandra Resort Blue Haven Resort Beach House PRESS MEDIA POLICIES PRIVACY POLICIES SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY Copyright © 2019 Alexandra Resort - Turks & Caicos · All Rights Reserved · Website Development by CORALRANGE Instagram Feed JS We use cookies to provide you with the best possible experience on our website. You can find out more about the cookies we use and learn how to manage them on our privacy policies page. If you continue using this website we assume you are ok with it. Ok Privacy policy 