Sorrento Hotels - Grand Hotel Aminta® Sorrento Italy - 4 star Hotel it de fr en » Accedi Book Email Call it en de fr Home Rooms Rooms with no view Rooms with garden view Rooms with sea view Rooms with sea view and balcony Restaurant Special Offers Villa Aminta (Annex) Location Contacts A WONDERFUL VIEW ON THE GULF OF NAPLES Check in: Check out: Guests: 1 2 3 4 BOOK NOW Grand Hotel Aminta Sorrento   The Grand Hotel Aminta is in a commanding position above Sorrento with magnificent views across the Bay of Naples. We are a four-star hotel, and have been since our opening.   A Hotel di Charme in Sorrento, the Hotel Aminta is one of the most beautiful, fully-equipped, historic hotel buildings in Sorrento, typical of the Neapolitan Riviera.   The hotel opened on April 16, 1961, and has been continuously renovated and maintained throughout the years to keep up with the trends of changing times, always maintaining our four-star standards. The management of the Hotel Aminta constantly strive for excellence and rely on the help of experts to care for every detail, so as to satisfy the needs of the clients, in a modern and sophisticated manner.   The Grand Hotel Aminta is in a commanding position above Sorrento with magnificent views across the Bay of Naples. We are a four-star hotel, and have been since our opening.   A Hotel di Charme in Sorrento, the Hotel Aminta is one of the most beautiful, fully-equipped, historic hotel buildings in Sorrento, typical of the Neapolitan Riviera.   The hotel opened on April 16, 1961, and has been continuously renovated and maintained throughout the years to keep up with the trends of changing times, always maintaining our four-star standards. The management of the Hotel Aminta constantly strive for excellence and rely on the help of experts to care for every detail, so as to satisfy the needs of the clients, in a modern and sophisticated manner. Rooms   Every area of the Hotel Aminta has been carefully considered, offering maximum comfort to our guests and guaranteeing their relaxation and wellbeing. All the rooms are particularly welcoming, furnished with elegance and taste ... choose your room Rooms   Every area of the Hotel Aminta has been carefully considered, offering maximum comfort to our guests and guaranteeing their relaxation and wellbeing. All the rooms are particularly welcoming, furnished with elegance and taste ... choose your room Restaurant   The exquisite gastronomic specialities, the rare wines, and the impeccable service and a series of breathtaking views, make every lunch and dinner enchanting and allow us to be considered amongst the best hotels with restaurant on the Amalfi Coast and the Sorrentine Peninsula.  our restaurant Restaurant   The exquisite gastronomic specialities, the rare wines, and the impeccable service and a series of breathtaking views, make every lunch and dinner enchanting and allow us to be considered amongst the best hotels with restaurant on the Amalfi Coast and the Sorrentine Peninsula.  our restaurants Exclusive location The wonderful emotion to awaken every day in a paradise of rare beauty. Grand Hotel Aminta is located in a wonderful panoramic location with spectacular views over Sorrento and the Gulf of Naples. OUR LOCATION Exclusive location The wonderful emotion to awaken every day in a paradise of rare beauty. Grand Hotel Aminta is located in a wonderful panoramic location with spectacular views over Sorrento and the Gulf of Naples. OUR LOCATION The emotions of our guests: "a place enchanted between heaven and sea" Room with a view ◉◉◉◉◉ We paid extra for a room with a balcony overlooking the Bay of Naples, sunrise side of the hotel, allocated room 401 which did just this & exceeded our expectations. The Hotel was light, airy & tastefully decorated with some amazing views. Staff in all areas were friendly, efficient & helpful. Food was excellent, particularly on the Gala & Neapolitan evenings. With the hotel being high up on the outskirts, the regular free shuttle bus to & from Sorrento Town was very useful. Kate - Edinburgh TripAdvisor Vista incantevole ◉◉◉◉◉ Una esperienza assolutamente da ripetere! Una struttura molto curata sotto ogni punto di vista a partire dalla location suggestiva che è in posizione strategica, ben collegato sia la centro città che a tutte le altre località della costiera sorrentina. dominante rispetto al contesto del golfo. Il panorama è da davvero stupendo, un luogo incantato tra cielo e mare. Il personale è sempre gentile e disponibile, ottima la pulizia delle camere e degli altri ambienti. Il cibo è ottimo, la qualità ripaga sempre. Lo consiglio vivamente!!! Guglielmo - Roma TripAdvisor Grand Hotel Aminta Via Nastro Verde, 23 | 80067 Sorrento [NA] - Italy P.IVA IT01236341218 Tel.: +39 081 8781821 Fax: +39 081 8781822 E-mail: info@aminta.it From UK +44 20 3287 1821 From USA +1 (562) 340-7500 Swimming pool Fotogallery Services Excursions Weddings Panoramic views Our Sea About the Hotel Grand Hotel Aminta Via Nastro Verde, 23 | 80067 Sorrento [NA] - Italy P.IVA IT01236341218 Tel.: +39 081 8781821 Fax: +39 081 8781822 E-mail: info@aminta.it   facebook youtube instagram google-plus From UK +44 20 3287 1821 From USA +1 (562) 340-7500 Payments Virtual Tour Guestbook Faq Awards Policy Newsletter Privacy © Copyright Grand Hotel Aminta 1995 - 2018 ALL RIGHTS RESERVED 