As Casinhas Wheelchair Friendly villa Algarve holiday cottage for the disabled. Home Enquiries Accessibility Algarve Useful Info Gallery Testimonials Contact Welcome to this beautiful wheelchair friendly and accessible Villa in the Algarve Wheelchair Friendly villa in the Algarve As Casinhas,  close to Golf and Beaches, sleeping, 6 adults. Wheelchair friendly ( see details ), private pool, fully air-conditioned/heated throughout and fully equipped, linen and towels, Free Wi-Fi and Sat TV – Boliqueime. This tastefully and thoughtfully designed property is fully accessible for wheelchair users, yet looks and feels totally normal for those not in a wheelchair. The location is peaceful and quiet (though not isolated), adjoining a small village called Boliqueime (approximately 500 meters down to the church square) with a couple of restaurants (that also do takeaway), village pubs and cafés, mini-markets and a large ALDI supermarket (1.6 km from the house). There is a full list of accessible restaurants that are close-by in the house book. It is possible to go down to the village in a wheelchair but if manual, it is too steep to push backup without some strong help, so best in an electric wheelchair or a car is recommended. You can view many kilometres of beautiful coastline from the pool sun terrace and it is just a 6 km drive to the wheelchair accessible beaches, marina and golf courses at Vilamoura. Albufeira is also only a short drive and it is an easy drive of 25 km to Faro airport. We also supply a survival food pack on arrival and maid service 2 times per week (plus changeover days). Accessibility notice ; We recognise that each person’s ability to access a particular environment will depend upon a number of additional personal factors known only to that individual, and therefore inclusion of a particular amenity or facility and the content of this website does not imply ‘access for all’, nor ‘compliance’ with the Disability Discrimination Act or other local or national legislation. The letting of the property is intended solely for short term residential purposes of a special transitory nature – specifically self-catering accommodation – in accordance with Alojamento Local (AL) decree law. Register no. 20829/AL – Sítio das Agostas FACILITIES 1 double bedroom 2 twin bedrooms Open plan kitchen Full Aircon, individually controlled in each room Lounge with wood burner Private ramped Swimming pool, approx 3x8m Outside dining terrace Free high-speed Wi-Fi Sat TV - most UK channels and hundreds of films More details » LOCATION Excellent views down over Vilamoura and the coast (5kms) Local shops in the village 500 mts down the road Close to many golf courses A car is recommended Location map » Reviews Thanks so much for the use of your gorgeous villa! We all had a truly wonderful time - batteries are now fully re-charged, tans caught and bellies full of great food and wine! ...   Claire McFerran - UK READ MORE Enquiries Terms of Use | Privacy Policy © As casinhas 2017 | developed by ATELIER DO SUL MENU Home Enquiries Accessibility Algarve Useful Info Gallery Testimonials Contact 