Wharepuke Accommodation, Restaurant, Garden and Art - Kerikeri Accommodation Kerikeri Accommodation Search Primary Menu Skip to content Wharepuke Accommodation, Restaurant, Garden and Art Our Kerikeri Motel Rates and Bookings Search for: #masthead Lowe's launched its my lowes life portal back in year 2005, since then its providing valuable services to the associates of the company. Wharepuke Accommodation, Restaurant, Garden and Art .entry-header Wharepuke in Kerikeri Bay of Islands Northland NZ Wharepuke is a complete destination with cottage accommodation, restaurant, art gallery, nontoxic print studio and Sculpture Park , all nestled in  large lush subtropical gardens. We are just 1km from the centre of  Kerikeri  in the Bay of Islands Northland NZ- Kerikeri Map Contact us  Wharepuke Subtropical Accommodation Kerikeri Accommodation.  We have 5 stylish one bedroom self catering cottages. Our family run Kerikeri Motel is in a quiet location on the Stone Store Hill. The cottages are set in a lush award winning subtropical garden.   NZ history and culture and river walks with waterfalls are just an easy walk from our property  more info Book Now  Best Price Guarantee! Special from ! May 2019- $130 Great Reviews! Our visitors keep coming back! More details on our Kerikeri Accommodation Motel ph. +64 (0)9 4078933 Māha  Restaurant at Wharepuke -Kerikeri Māha Restaurant  is OPEN!! Award winning chef, (Wellington “Chef of the Year” and “Most Memorable Dish” ) stunning food, great location…what more could you ask for. MĀHA Restaurant Review in Cuisine Magazine the Winter Edition: “In a clearing within that exotic forest at Wharepuke breathes a spirit of inspired simplicity.” ” Earthy and esoteric elements meld in a pan-Asian menu where authenticity frames every dish … a plated travelogue presented with passion and precision.” (Michael Hooper, Cuisine Magazine, July 2019, p. 152). Our new  Wharepuke Restaurant  Restaurant Sample Menu Māha website ph. 09 945 6551 for bookings (yes this is a Kerikeri number!) Sculpture Park Our Art Park exhibits selected artworks from artists around NZ and International. It is set within and compliment the gardens through almost 1km of track. The contemporary artworks are crafted with wood, stone, ceramics, glass,  metal, plastic, sound and print and change throughout the year This slideshow requires JavaScript. Wharepuke Subtropical Garden NZ Kerikeri Gardens. Our self contained accommodation cottages are nestled in 5 acres of subtropical plantings awarded “Garden of Significance”NZGT. Join Robin Booth on one of his interactive garden tours or wander on your own through established gardens viewing rare and unusual plants, many not seen elsewhere in New Zealand Garden Tours . The gardens and sculpture trail are open to the public 7 days a week  10am-5pm and by appointment outside these hours Jaboticaba -edible fruit here at Wharepuke from Brazil Art at Wharepuke A purpose built Art Gallery exhibiting mostly International printmaking or works on paper but also some exceptional works in other media. A changing exhibition space of solo or group shows, museum shows, and international open submissions. Open 7 days 10am-5pm. Free entry More info for Art at Wharepuke Our Kerikeri accommodation showcase fine art prints and paintings by resident artist Mark Graver who has his work in numerous collections both public and private around the world. .entry-content #post-## #content #primary #content-sidebar #main-content Wharepuke Accommodation Kerikeri Bay of Islands Wharepuke Accommodation, Restaurant, Garden and Art Our Kerikeri Motel Monthly Rental Bay of Islands Wharepuke Sculpture Park Art Gallery Kerikeri Restaurant Garden Tours Kerikeri Kerikeri Conference Venue Wedding Venue Art Holidays Golf Tours Bay of Islands Map Kerikeri About Us Rates and Bookings Contact Us BOOK HERE FOR: -Best price guarantee -Real time availability -Instant confirmation -Secure credit card -Pay on arrival -Exclusive offers #primary-sidebar #secondary #main Wharepuke Subtropical Accommodation 190 Kerikeri road Kerikeri 0230 Bay of Islands New Zealand Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Facebook #footer-sidebar #supplementary Proudly powered by WordPress .site-info #colophon #page 