Hotel Aris Grand Place by Arbany Hotels - Brussels Rates Terms & conditions Hotel Aris Grand Place Rooms Breakfast Services Offers Gallery Reviews Contact EN español français Nederlands +32(0)2.514.43.00 Hotel Aris Grand Place Rooms Classic Single Our rooms Classic Double or Twin Room Superior Queen Superior Twin Premium King Family & Friends Duplex Adjoining Room Breakfast Services Offers Gallery Reviews Contact Rates Terms & conditions Booking terms and conditions Terms and conditions Privacy policy Book now en es fr nl Book now Aris Hotel Grand Place by Arbany Hotels Book now arrival departure Check availability AT THE HEART OF BRUSSELS Experience the Grand Place in a newly decorated hotel at the capital of the European Union. Perfectly situated in the center of Brussels, Aris Hotel Grand Place will give you a memorable experience with its contemporary design and warm aura. You will appreciate our ideal location that allows you to explore the wonders of the city on foot. With just a few steps from the hotel you will find yourself in the stunning Grand Place square, and get to indulge in the authentic Belgian chocolates, fries and waffles. Our hotel is also a walking distance from the long Rue Neuve with its many shops, and close to the chic and elegant districts of the Avenue Louise and Flamant decoration stores. You Will Benefit Family & Friends Duplex Free Fiberoptic WiFi Grand Place Accessible Facilities Public Parking The Best attractions at your doorstep ! Our premium location right across Brussels City Tours   will keep you informed on the best sites and all the fun activities you could do in this diverse city. OUR GUESTS ARE SATISFIED  View all Gallery Let us know what you think ! How was your stay in Hotel Aris ? Leave a review Want To See More of Us ? Follow us                   Rue du Marché aux Herbes 80, 1000 Bruxelles T. +32(0)2.514.43.00 aris@arbanyhotels.com Book now ©2019 Aris Hotel Grand Place by Arbany Hotels | Website by Stardekk × Booking terms and conditions Terms and conditions Privacy policy 