 Auburn Antebellum Home A Museum of Southern History As a National Historic Landmark, Auburn has quite a story to tell.  It was the first major building in Natchez to follow an actual architectural plan.  In the years leading to the Civil War several Natchez homes emulated the style of Auburn's facade.  The home's spiral staircase stands entirely unsupported, a feat unmatched even in modern buildings.  These points introduce you to the dramatic story of Auburn itself.                                                          Open Tues-Sat .  11:00AM-3:00 PM                                    Last tour  2:30 PM Adults - $15 Children (6 - 18yrs)- $10 Children under 6 - Free During Spring Pilgrimage, Auburn will be open only during the following hours 9:00 AM-12:30 PM during the following dates: 3/18, 3/22, 3/26, 3/30 & 4/ 3, 4/7, 4/11, 4/15 .                                                                                      Infomercial filmed by Griffith Mehaffey, Stellarblade, LLC.                                  .    Auburn is proud to be a Distinctive Destination of the National Historic Trust for Preservation, We Welcome all Trust Members to receive $2 off the admission price when the ticket is purchased at the door and a 10% discount at our gift shop. Visit www.PreservationNation.org/DistinctiveDestinations for more information.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Before the time of the great steamboats, Lyman Harding set out for Natchez from Massachusetts.  Lyman found wealth and success in Natchez.  Levi Weeks was employed by Harding to design and build Auburn, the first home built in Natchez according to an architectural design.  After Harding's death, Dr. Stephen Duncan and his wife, Catherine, moved into Auburn. Besides being a Doctor of Medicine, Duncan became president of the Bank of the State of Mississippi, helped establish Trinity Episcopal Church.  He expanded Auburn and even built a Greek Revival style billiards parlor next to the home for the entertainment of gentlemen. After the Civil War, Auburn remained in the Duncan family until 1910, when Dr. Duncan's heirs donated the home and 210 adjacent acres of land to the city of Natchez, to be used as a public park.  The contents of the house were sold at public auction.  Few of those items would ever return to Auburn.   The Architecture of Auburn Levi Weeks, a young cabinetmaker, carpenter and builder who also claimed to be an architect, was employed by Lyman Harding to design and build Auburn Mansion in 1811.  Weeks describes the home in a letter to a friend: "The body of the house is 60 by 45 feet with a portico ...supported by 4 Ionic columns with the Corinthian entablature ...the house two stories with a geometrical staircase to ascend to the second story.  The site is one of those peculiar situations which combines all the delight of romance, the pleasures of rurality and the approach of sublimity." A portrait of Dr. Duncan In the 1830's, Dr. Stephen Duncan added the two symmetrical wings, which greatly expanded the interior space.  These wings now hold the library and gift shop on the main floor and two of the bedrooms upstairs.  The first floor also holds an office, dining room, parlor, sitting room, and large hallway.  The second floor consists mostly of the four bedrooms, with another parlor and hallway.  Porches set off both floors front and back. But of course, the single most striking architecture of the home is the graceful curve of the spiral staircase, completely unsupported to the second floor.   Auburn's Restoration Restoring the interior and exterior of Auburn Mansion is a constant process.  As all the original funishings were sold by the City in 1911, period furniture is sometimes donated to this historic home.  We are constantly trying to locate pieces original to the "Duncan" period of Auburn. A window in the upstairs parlor was walled up years ago, but has now been reclaimed. The Kitchen building, ca. 1830, with enslaved quarters on the second floor, is now restored as far as the structure is concerned.   Any donations for our constant restoration projects would certainly be appreciated by the Auburn Antebellum Home members who are all volunteers and receive no tax dollars from the City of Natchez, who owns Auburn. Checks may be sent to Auburn Antebellum Home, P.O. Box 18006, Natchez, MS  39122. A receipt will be sent upon request. All donations to Auburn Antebellum Home are tax deductible as we are a 501c3 non profit corporation. Special Events Besides being a premier historic attraction for Natchez, Auburn is also a beautiful and convenient location for  special events.  Weddings, receptions, bridge club meetings, and tea parties have all been held in this antebellum home.  Call for availability and price quote.    Visit Our Gift Shop Once you've taken the tour, we invite you to browse our gift shop for china tea pots and cups, fine linens, books and souvenirs for folks of all ages h ttp://www.lacartes.com/business/Auburn-Antebellum-Home-/24970                             Begin OOKL badge code End OOKL badge code For hotel accomadations near Auburn, please click on the following link :   http://www.hotelscombined.com/Place/Auburn_Mississippi.htm     Email Us!  Auburn Museum & Historic Home 400 Duncan Avenue, Natchez, MS 39120    601-442-5981    Copyright 2008 Auburn Museum & Historic Home NatchezMS.com Travel & Tourism Guide to Natchez, MS 