Arkoulis Hotel in Paros, Naoussa Accommodation Facilities Location Guestbook Offers Gallery English Ελληνικά Welcome Located in the picturesque Naoussa, “Arkoulis Hotel” (B’ class) has been designed according to traditional island architecture as well as the modern architectural demands of the 21st century, in order to create suitable surroundings for a pleasant holiday. Accommodation The rooms of Arkoulis Hotel are equipped with A/C, TV, Fridge, Hair Dryer, Telephone, Hot water 24 hours a day, veranda or balcony, Optional internet connection. All the above will make your stay even more comfortable. Ample parking space is also provided. Read more Facilities If you choose to remain at our resort during the day, our large swimming pool, combined with our pool-bar will help you relax and enjoy yourself in the maximum. Read more Location The island’s beauty and the family environment compose the enjoyment of your vacations. In picturesque Naoussa our installations are based on 38 luxuries furnished with taste rooms. We are 15′ minutes on foot away from the center of Naousa and the main bus station and 20′ minutes from the beach. Waiting for you to join us! Read more Cyclades Paros Naoussa 84401 Greece +30 22840 52462 +30 22840 52465 info@arkoulishotel.gr Privacy Policy Cookies Policy We use cookies to offer you a better browsing experience, analyze site traffic, personalize content, and serve targeted advertisements. If you continue to use this site, you consent to our use of cookies. Cookies Policy Settings I ACCEPT MANAGE YOUR COOKIES Strictly Necessary Cookies Off On Necessary cookies help make a website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas of the website. The website cannot function properly without these cookies. Preference Cookies Off On Preference cookies enable a website to remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks, like your preferred language or the region that you are in. Statistic Cookies Off On Statistic cookies help website owners to understand how visitors interact with websites by collecting and reporting information anonymously. Marketing Cookies Off On Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites. The intention is to display ads that are relevant and engaging for the individual user and thereby more valuable for publishers and third party advertisers. [if lte IE 8]><style>.attachment:focus { outline: #1e8cbe solid; } .selected.attachment { outline: #1e8cbe solid; }</style><![endif] noptimize /noptimize noptimize /noptimize 