Afon Rhaiadr 5* Luxury Boutique Country House Top Header Contact Info enquiries@afonrhaiadr.co.uk 01341 450777 Language Switcher English Cymraeg End of Language Switcher End of Top Header Main Header Top Logo Book Now Book Now Main Menu Home About Rooms Dining Gallery Guest Book Packages Contact us Blog Menu Handel End of Main Header Find A Room How Many Adult? 1 2 3 4 5 6 How Many Children ? 1 2 3 4 5 6 Croeso / Welcome to Afon Rhaiadr Luxury Boutique Bed and Breakfast accommodation with a warm welcome at Afon Rhaiadr Country House B&B, Dolgellau, at the foot of Cader Idris, in the heart of the Snowdonia National Park. Visit Wales 5 star award. A lovely 5* Victorian Country House boutique Bed & Breakfast near Dolgellau, North Wales. Luxury Rooms Best rooms with Best services Superior Room 1 – Foxglove Large room with triple aspect views of the garden and forest. Old world Stylish decor and furnished to a high standard, with large period feature fireplace, Flat-screen T.V. with Satellite TV channels and DVD/USB player and quality Super king bed with memory foam topped mattress (bed can be split to two single beds with advance notice min 48hrs). Details From £120 - Per Night Superior Room 2 – Honeysuckle Large double aspect room with lovely views of the garden and waterfall, luxury Old world Stylish decor and furnished to a high standard, with large period feature fireplace, wall mounted large flat-screen Free view Flat-screen T.V. with Satellite TV channels and DVD/USB player. Quality Super king bed with memory foam topped mattress (bed can be split to two single beds with advance notice). Details From £120 - Per Night Classic Double Room 3 – Rose Double room overlooking the garden & woodland. Flat-screen TV, satellite channels and DVD player. Hairdryer. Free WIFI. This is a cosy, pretty room with luxury bedding (high quality cotton), towels and bathrobes. Details From £95 - Per Night Stylish King Room 4 – Iris Stylish decor and furnished to a high standard. Quality king bed, luxury bedding (high quality cotton), towels, robes and a Courtesy tray. Flat-screen T.V. with Satellite TV channels and DVD/USB player. Hairdryer. Free WIFI. Details From £105 - Per Night Stylish Double Room 5 – Lilac Stylish decor and furnished to a high standard. Quality double bed, luxury bedding (high quality cotton), towels, robes and a Courtesy tray. Flat-screen T.V. with Satellite TV channels and DVD/USB player. Hairdryer. Free WIFI. Details From £100 - Per Night Gallery Filters All Garden Rooms Dining Drive to Afon Rhaiadr Gareth Gina Master Guto Entrance Reception Lounge More ... Special Packages Choose one of our special offers Best Deals – Book Direct We would like to thank all our direct booking guests by offering the best prices and deal available by booking with us direct. Your support is essential for our continued success. Thank you all so much for all you support. For Longer stays or Booking all our 5 rooms - please email us for special rates and packages. Book Wales in Summer Two night luxury break  including 1 x two course candlelit dinner for two and full Welsh Breakfast each morning. Dinner is on Monday, Wednesday and Saturday nights. Cost Between - £223 and £313 on specific dates Availably between mid July to end of August (excluding the bank Holiday weekend) Email enquiries@afonrahiadr.co.uk for availability details Book Bank Holiday Package Three nights Bed and breakfast including one nights 3 course dinner and tea and cake on arrival. Arrive to Tea and a delicious Traditional Welsh Fruit Cake called Bara Brith. Join our candlelit dinner service on Saturday night and enjoy a delicious 3-course dinner followed by coffee or tea in the Lounge. From £61.66 to £79.16 per person per night - prices vary for room type. Book September Treat Two night luxury break  including 1 x two course candlelit dinner for two and full Welsh Breakfast each morning. Dinner is on Monday, Wednesday and Saturday nights. Cost Between - £193 and £293 on specific dates Availably in September Email enquiries@afonrahiadr.co.uk for availability details Book Winter Warmer Break Two night luxury break  including 1 x two course candlelit dinner for two and full Welsh Breakfast each morning. Dinner is on Monday, Wednesday and Saturday nights. Cost Between - £133 and £253 on specific dates Availably between Oct to end of May (excluding some peak dates) Email enquiries@afonrahiadr.co.uk for availability details Book Christmas Package 2019 With the snowy mountains, stunning scenery, open fires, a warm welcome in luxurious surroundings. Arrive to Tea and Traditional Welsh Fruit Cake called Bara Brith. A delicious cooked breakfast each morning and on Christmas day relax and enjoy a traditional Christmas Lunch at 3pm. Direct bookings only, min 3 night stay on the 23rd, 24th & 25th of December 2018, from £65pppn. Monday, Tuesday & Wednesday Book New Years Eve 2019 3 Nights - Arrive to Gina's home baked Cream Tea. Enjoy a scrumptious traditional cooked breakfast each morning before exploring the area. On New Years Eve enjoy a 3 course celebratory candlelit dinner for two with a complementary glass of Fizz. From £62.50 to £81.66 per person per night - prices vary for room type. Book Buy Theme End of Buy Theme Top Footer Croeso / Welcome Gina and Gareth would like to welcome you here to Afon Rhaiadr Luxury Boutique B&B in Dolgellau, Snowdonia National Park. Newsletter MailChimp for WordPress v3.1.11 - https://wordpress.org/plugins/mailchimp-for-wp/ Join our mailing list to receive the latest news and special offers! / MailChimp for WordPress Plugin Get in Touch Afon Rhaiadr, Dolgellau, Gwynedd ,North Wales. LL40 2AH 01341 450777 enquiries@afonrhaiadr.co.uk End of Top Footer Footer Home About Access statement Terms and Conditions Privacy Statement Contact us © 2016 Afon Rhaiadr Country House. All Rights Reserved. End of Footer [if lte IE 9]> <script type='text/javascript' src='http://www.afonrhaiadr.co.uk/wp-content/plugins/mailchimp-for-wp/assets/js/third-party/placeholders.min.js?ver=3.1.11'></script> <![endif] 