Alaskan Frontier Bed and Breakfast in Anchorage, Alaska, gracious B&B inn and luxury lodging     "Truly Alaska's Finest B&B!" 2005 Wild Recognition Award for Outstanding Service to Visitor's and Tourism Industry - Anchorage Convention and Visitor's Bureau 2005 Best of Gardens - Anchorage Botanical Garden "Thank you for sharing your awesome garden of paradise." (L & L, King George, VA) Alaskan Frontier Gardens Bed and Breakfast offers the most beautiful lodging in Anchorage, Alaska. Conveniently located in Anchorage’s Hillside area, less than a mile from Chugach State Park, the B&B offers a peaceful and quiet escape while being close to all the amenities of the city. Guests enjoy exceptional comfort in a custom-crafted cedar wood home quietly nestled amongst pine trees, alpine flowers, and many hanging flower baskets. Lush green lawns are surrounded by award-winning terraced gardens (voted 2005 “Best of Gardens” by Alaska Botanical Gardens) filled with 8 foot delphinium in various shades of purples, blues, and pinks. A true Alaskan adventure awaits the guests with Alaskan art displayed in a museum-like setting.   Breathtaking views are part of this elegant inn located just fifteen minutes from the airport and twenty minutes from downtown Anchorage. Local seasonal activities include kayaking, sailing, fly-fishing, mountain biking, hiking, aerial sightseeing, cross country and downhill skiing, horseback riding, dog sledding, birding, and golfing at Alaska’s premier 18 hole golf course, O’Malley’s on the Green. Alaskan Frontier Gardens is also located close to the Alaska Zoo, H2Oasis (Alaska’s only indoor waterpark, malls, and restaurants. For almost 26 years, Rita and her staff have provided excellence in guest services and accommodation at Alaska's premier b & b, "Alaskan Frontier Gardens." We are delighted to open this elegant home to honeymooners, outdoor enthusiasts, business travelers, those desiring a luxurious getaway, and tourists enjoying our splendid State of Alaska. Guests enjoy access to the main floor, living room wrap-around deck areas, and massages in the solarium for relaxing. This highly recommended Anchorage Hillside bed and breakfast is the perfect setting for meetings, family reunions, and gatherings for scrapbooking parties, Murder Mystery weekends, and other regular events. Alaskan Frontier Gardens has been featured in Alaska Magazine, The Anchorage Daily News, Alaska Business Monthly, and in hotel, motel, lodging, inn, and bed and breakfast publications worldwide. "Fantastic!  A bed, a breakfast and a moose too!" (TB, Miami, FL) Luxury design and special attention to detail delivers the most unforgettable lodging experience that only Alaskan Frontier Gardens has to offer.  Most of the home is open and available for guests to enjoy, including the outdoor spa, sauna, and decks decorated with comfortable lounging chairs, tables, and over 50 stunning flowering baskets.  As if the perfect Anchorage location were not enough, the inn prides itself on Alaskan hospitality, which includes a warm relaxing atmosphere with exceptional comfort, luxurious suites and family rooms. For an exclusive weekend retreat or a great choice for accommodating those summer guests, or that great Alaska vacation, Alaska Frontier Gardens B&B provides upscale ambiance and quiet enjoyment, while retaining all the modern convenience of an urban location. Alaskan Frontier Gardens Bed and Breakfast is your "choice of choices." "Rita, thank you for your wonderful community support."  Anchorage Convention and Visitor's Bureau View Larger Map Welcome     Accommodations        Map, Directions, & Links     Spa Services     Contact Your Host: Rita Gittins Email: afg@alaska.net Telephone: (907) 345-6556 Check Room Availability Place Online Reservations Scripts 