Home Page - Anniversary Inn 1.800.324.4152 Toggle navigation Salt Lake 5th South View Suites Reservations Specials Amenities Gifts Gift Certificates Salt Lake S. Temple View Suites Reservations Specials Amenities Gifts Gift Certificates Logan View Suites Reservations Specials Amenities Gifts Gift Certificates Boise View Suites Reservations Specials Amenities Gifts Gift Certificates Gift Certificates Promotions Contact Us Romeo and Juliet Suite Fifth South Jungle Safari Fifth South The Royale Boise King Arthur's Castle Logan The Tipi Logan Capitol #23 Boise Salt Lake South Temple View Suites Reservations Amenities Salt Lake 5th South View Suites Reservations Amenities Logan Center Street View Suites Reservations Amenities Boise Lusk Ave. View Suites Reservations Amenities Start Your Adventure! Upcoming Wedding? Romantic Rewards Sign up for our mailing list › The Anniversary Inn is the ideal hotel for your staycation. It's a total escape in the same city! Plan a little adventure, without the airfare, in the Mysteries of Egypt Suite or the Arabian Night's Suite . Sleep in a treehouse in our Swiss Family Robinson Suite or watch a movie on the big screen while lounging in back of a pick-up truck in Rich's Drive-In . Want to go all out with hearts and flowers? Pamper your loved one in our two story Juliet's Balcony and Romeo and Juliet's suites. Sweep your loved one off their feet in Sleeping Beauty's castle or Aphrodite's Court . If it is romance you are looking for, you can really impress your loved one in any one of our romantic suites. Sojern Tag v6_js, Pixel Version: 1 End Sojern Tag Awards   Sojern End Sojern Home News Gift Shop Romantic Rewards Contact Policies Jobs © 2014 The Anniversary Inn As you browse anniversaryinn.com and other websites, online ad networks we work with may place anonymous cookies on your computer, and use similar technologies, in order to understand your interests based on your (anonymous) online activities, and thus to tailor more relevant ads to you. If you do not wish to receive such tailored advertising, you can visit this page to opt out of most companies that engage in such advertising. (This will not prevent you from seeing ads; the ads simply will not be delivered through these targeting methods.) Adroll 