Holidays to Iceland, Faroe Islands, Greenland & Denmark - All Iceland All Iceland Wrapper Start Pusher Start Off Canvas Navigation Start Menu Home Destinations Destinations Iceland Faroe Islands Greenland Holiday Types Holiday Types Breaks Guided Tours Northern Lights Self Drive Adventure Luxury Seasons Seasons Summer Winter All Year Interests Interests Golden Circle Blue Lagoon Super Jeep 4WD Hiking Spa & Wellness Family Holidays Nature & Wildlife Christmas & New Year Whale Watching Romance Ring Road Volcanoes & Geysers Culture & History Groups Stopover Special Offers About Blog Contact Off Canvas Navigation End Scroller Start Scroller Inner Start Header Start Call the Icelandic Experts: 01904 406534 info@all-iceland.co.uk Header End Button Bar Start Button Bar Menu Adventure Breaks Guided Tours Luxury Northern Lights Offers Self Drive Faroe Islands Greenland Find Your Holiday Button Bar End Filter Start Holiday Filter Filter End Masthead Start Source Component Start Inner Start Experience the Spectacular Northern Lights Read More... Explore the Stunning Faroe Islands Read More... We specialise in Tailor Made Holidays Read More... Visit the land of Ice and Fire this winter Read More... Discover Greenland for Unique Travel Experiences Read More... Booked your summer holiday? Start planning with the experts! Read More... Inner End Source Component End Nav Start Previous Next Nav End Masthead End Main Start Article Start Article Article Creating Bespoke Holidays Article Introduction We are an ATOL and ABTA registered company providing fully licensed package holidays. Based in UK but owned and run by Icelanders. We are familiar with everything that Iceland and the islands have to offer. We specialise in creating tailor made holidays to Iceland, Faroe Islands and Greenland. Our office is staffed and run by Icelanders, we promise intimate local knowledge from where to stay to places to eat and the hidden gems that you will not find in tourist guides. We will help you get the holiday you want. Book with confidence with the Icelandic Experts! footer //footer //Article Article End Main End Content Bottom Start Our Top Holidays Individually selected by our expert agents... East Iceland Adventure Discover Northern Lights and Blue Lagoon Discover Guided Grand Tour of Iceland Discover Winter Wonder Guided Tour Discover Guided Iceland Circle Discover Rangá Luxury Self Drive and Northern Lights Discover 5 Star Blue Lagoon Retreat Discover Northern Lights and Golden Circle Discover Content Bottom End Reviews Start Customer Reviews We had an excellent weekend, the hotel was very good, the trips were very well organised and made good use of our short time in Iceland and the snow was a bonus. Sadly we did not see the Northern Lights so we shall have to return! Hi it's Ben I booked a new year trip through you to Iceland I just wanted to thank you all for making our time there one of the best city breaks we've been on and I will be telling all my friends and family about you and the fab time we had there thank you again and hope you had a happy new year Hello Jorunn, Thanks for all your help with our holiday. We enjoyed it all very much. So much so we want to go back again. Perhaps a drive around the Island, stop in hotels on the way and perhaps do another run. Christine managed to finish 3rd in her age group and I managed to finish 1st in mine. It is the latest we have ever run but we didn't feel tired at all as we walked bac... Just a thank you Bergey for your help. We really enjoyed our holiday in Iceland. The Gullfoss Hotel was lovely being so isolated amongst wonderful scenery. The manager and staff were very helpful. The Hotel Klettur was ideally positioned near the middle of Reykjavik and again the staff were very helpful. We saw the northern lights on two nights, once in Gullfoss (the manager wo... I love the north part of the country, was amazing, just stunning scenery! The south part wasn’t so nice, I guess, much more touristic. The most I liked from the trip- the people. Amazing culture, kind and friendly. Will definitely go back again!!! Anna Hi Sólveig, Thank you once again for a fantastic holiday in Iceland. I am happy to report that everything went without a hitch. I have listed all of the different factors as follows: - Storm Hotel: 10 out of 10. The hotel was immaculate from top to bottom. Every single member of staff was friendly, polite and helpful. Lava Tube Caving: 10 out of 10. Our Guide "Vikt... Just a quick note to thank you Jorunn for making our hen do to Iceland memorable and outstanding. All the girls had a fantastic time. Your advice and the tour guides service was second to none. We loved the Golden Circle, snowmobiling as well as the experience of swimming and in-water massages in the Blue Lagoon. We will definitely be recommending All Iceland to friends and fam... Good morning Sólveig , I am happy to report that everything was fantastic. Flights and transfers were 100%. Reykjavik Excursions were very efficient and friendly as usual. I was very pleased with Hotel Arnavoll. The room was great and I also had the bonus of being on the 7th floor overlooking Mount Esja and Harpa. Every member of staff was polite, helpful and frie... Hi Solveig, Thanks for your email and I would just like to say it was the most perfect holiday we've ever had! Iceland is an amazing place and kept us very busy. The whole trip was a total surprise for my girlfriend, or should I now say Fiance! I proposed to her under in the Grimsborgir hot tub, under the stars and waiting for the Northern Lights. I felt it was the perfect mome... We had a fantastic trip to Iceland thanks! The booking through your office was very efficient and you dealt with all our enquiries in a most helpful way. We were very impressed with the Icelandair flights. The planes were modern and comfortable with leather seats a decent distance apart - a pleasant change to the budget airlines! The shuttle bus from the airport to the city too... Read More Reviews Reviews End Page Bottom Start Special Offers Great seasonal offers, book now to avoid disappointment… Northern Lights Early Booking Offer Discover 3 Nights Self Drive Offer Discover Page Bottom End Footer Start Connect with us... Newsletter sign up... Please complete all required fields! Do not remove this ID, it is used to identify the page so that the pagination script can work correctly Name * Please enter your name. Email * Please enter your email address. Invalid Input Submit All Iceland Ltd - UK 773 Spring Bank West, Hull, East Riding of Yorkshire, HU5 5BA. (Registered office No. 04952530) Tel. +44 (0)1904 406534 We will always be able to take your call in emergencies outside of office hours at: +44 (0)774 8011 050 or +44 (0)770 2001 975 Destinations Iceland Faroe Islands Greenland Holiday Types Adventure Breaks Guided Tours Luxury Northern Lights Offers Self Drive Faroe Islands Greenland Quick Links Reviews Hotel Information Blog Travel Advice About Us Contact © All Iceland 2019 | Website by Betton Design Foreign Travel Advice Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Subscriptions Site Map Live Help Software Footer End Top Scroller Inner End Scroller End Pusher End Wrapper End Load Bottom Start Destination Any Destination Iceland Faroe Islands Greenland Holiday Type Breaks Guided Tours Northern Lights Self Drive Adventure Luxury Season Summer Winter All Year Interests Golden Circle Blue Lagoon Super Jeep 4wd Hiking Spa & Wellness Family Holidays Nature & Wildlife Christmas & New Year Whale Watching Romance Ring Road Volcanoes & Geysers Culture & History Groups Stopover Special Offers Search Text Based on your selection we have found: 3 Holidays Load Bottom End 