Home - Armadale Guest House, Guest House in Aberdeen Armadale Guest House Ideally Situated 605 Holburn Street Aberdeen AB10 7JN 01224 580636 Armadale Guest House 605 Holburn Street Aberdeen , AB10 7JN 01224 580636 armadaleguesthouse@tiscali.co.uk Home Our Rooms Book Online Close Attractions Our Gallery Special Offers Find Us Get In Touch Armadale Guest House The Armadale Guest House in Aberdeen is ideally situated for visitors arriving by road and easily accessed from all transport terminals,Armadale Guest House is a well established family run business offering warm, friendly, clean and comfortable accommodation situated just off the A90 trunk road (south) yet only a short walking distance from the city centre. We provide single, twin, family and en suite bedrooms at affordable prices. All rooms in our Aberdeen Guest House have TV and coffee/tea making facilities. We are situated on the west bank of the River Dee, providing lovely quiet walks along the banks. We are only 10 minutes away from the popular Winter Gardens at Duthie Park. The Robert Gordon University, Norwood Hotel, Garthdee Commercial Park, Altens and Tullos Industrial Estates are all close by. In addition, our close proximity to the A90 gives easy access to all Aberdeen City amenities, including Aberdeen Royal Infirmary and the Aberdeen Airport at Dyce. There is an excellent bus service throughout the city. For our patrons, private off road parking is available.           Get In Touch 605 Holburn Street Aberdeen 01224 580636 Email Us Contact Us   Our Rooms View a selection of our excellent rooms, wide range of facilities and also view our current availability for each room type. Our rooms   Arrival / Departure Check in: 4:00pm till 9:00pm We can arrange earlier or later check in, contact me to rearrange a time Check out: 10:00am Find Us     Click to View our Gallery Mr david - Excellent excellent excellent David D - (See our reviews page) Our Facilities Credit Card Free Parking Parking Facilities Golf Course Nearby Family Rooms Wifi Vegetarian   Home  |  Our Rooms  |  Book Online  |  Close Attractions  |  Our Gallery  |  Special Offers  |  Find Us  |  Get In Touch  |  Privacy Policy © Copyright 2019 - Hotel Website Powered by Queensborough Group 