Myanmar (Burma) small group & family private trips, cultural travels by Asterism tour operator -Heading starts- Asterism Travels & Tours - Myanmar Unique private travel experience in Myanmar, Thailand and Laos -Heading ends- top navigation starts - Read in Thai | French - top navigation ends -Main Table starts- Navigation starts- Search the site Home About us Myanmar travel tips Map | Highway map States & divisions National parks Calendar Photos | Old photos Videos/slides Scenes in painting Hotels Sample tours Trip reports OUR NEIGHBORS - Bangladesh - India - China (Yunnan) - Laos - Thailand - Trek Thailand - Thailand hotels - Nepal www.ourweb.info Window on Thailand, Laos, Cambodia & Myanmar Inquiry Links Terms Testimonials Privacy policy Navigation ends- --Content starts- Home We are all fishermen and farmers, Inle lake in southern Shan state near Nyaung Shwe, Heho, Pindaya Asterism Travels & Tours Co., Ltd. provides research, custom design and management of your private group trips, hotels booking, air tickets reservation, other transport arrangements, guide service, river and train travel, eco-tours, nature walk and trekking, photography trips, hilltribe village home stay and more. Many of our past trips were small to 30-person groups and private - couples, friends, families, co-workers, university and college students, project teams, special interest groups such as artists and photographers. Many trips start at Yangon or Mandalay airports. Travelling by train, plane, bus or boat our tourists discover the places such as Pathein, Ngwe Saung beach, Pyay, Bagan, Kalaw, Inle lake, Taung Gyi, Kyaing Tone (Shan state), May Myo, Kyaikhtiyo pagoda, Mawlamyaing, Hpa-An, Chin state. At the end of the trip many of our tourists told us the heritage, culture and life, seeing the world from different views, communication with locals, architecture, scenery and being here are the ones they enjoyed very much; and on top of those are our efforts in custom designing the best possible itinerary and attention to details. But being in the reality of the local Asian life the way as it is changing under the influence of the greater world is what the most visitors are curious at. We arrange trips mainly in Burma (Myanmar). Trips in Thailand, and Laos and cross country travels between these countries may be managed upon request by groups. Exploring Hinboun river, limestone mountains & caves in central Laos At night in Mindat, on the trip to hike Mt. Victoria in southern Chin state Sunset in Bagan over ancient temples and Ayeyarwaddy river In south east Asia, Myanmar is particularly traditional and there are many interesting places, events and life styles to discover. Many communities in the country are said to retain much of its old charms and traditions. We organize trips to Mountains in Kachin state, Putao; and Chin state International travel Myanmar writers wanted . Writing Jobz - your freelance writing opportunity. Online jobs for students at trusted writing company. Getting your paper written is the best way to achieve your goals at school or college. We believe that proper education including logical reasoning, good science and health; fair and equal treatment between the citizens of the world, sustainable and peaceful use of natural resources, and friendly truthful communication and understanding among different cultures and races of human population are some of the most important human values. It is our duty to maintain the sustainable tourism with responsibility for our space-travelling mother Earth and environment. Progress in tourism may continue in a way to maintain the peace, mutual understanding and sharing of knowledge of the nature in which we all exist. Asterism Travels & Tours Co., Ltd. No. 252 / 29 (M-6) Shwe Pyi Soe Street, Myin Thar 14 / 2 yard, South Oakkalapa Tsp, Yangon Phone/Fax +95-1-233 3076 Cell phone +95 (0) 9 506 8053 Email: linsukhin (at) gmail (dot) com Tour Licence: KHA/0920 The Union of Myanmar Travel Association Active Member no. 406 In Thailand: Email: trekthailand (dot) net (at) gmail (dot) com Thailand telephone numbers will be unavailable when they are on overseas projects/works or at places with no signals. www.trekthailand.net --Content ends- -Main Table ends- bottom part starts ......................................................................................................................... Photos essays, trip reports - adventure, minority culture, nature trek, beautiful life & environment Travel pictures with information from - Thailand | Laos | Cambodia bottom part ends 