Home - Bellevue - Skip to content Bellevue – Agia Pelagia Menu Bellevue Village Services & Facilities Activities Eating Our Story Stay Apartment with Sea View Pool Front Apartment Junior Suite Panoramic Suite Superior Suite Bungalow Location Beach Guide Agia Pelagia Crete Gallery Contact us Bellevue Village Relaxing romantic getaway with panoramic views. Continue reading "Bellevue Village" → Services & Facilities Services, facilities and important info. Continue reading "Services & Facilities" → Eating Cretan Cuisine Continue reading "Eating" → Stay Continue reading "Stay" → Our Story Continue reading "Our Story" → Bellevue Village Relaxing romantic getaway with panoramic views. If you are looking for a traditional hideaway holidays, a place to relax overlooking the Panoramic Sea View, to feel the Cretan hospitality, Away from the mass tourism resorts ,Then Bellevue is the perfect place for you!! If you want to explore the beautiful Crete island it’s also the perfect point because it’s in the center of the island 1min by car from the National road Heraklion-Rethimno-Chania is just 14min about by car from Heraklio city. Why to book directly through our site: Simply avoid the additional charges of other websites promoting our apartments. Best available rate, it could not be cheaper to book online than here. Bellevue is a traditional style complex of simple but tasteful suites and cozy apartments on elevate position with breathtaking panoramic sea view on the hill exactly over Lygaria bay, in 7000qm.land and is surrounded by olive trees and Creta herbs! From the big swimming pool, you can overlook the bay of Agia Pelagia, the small picturesque bay of Lygaria and Dias island! Lygaria Beach it’s just 5-6 min. walk from our private natural path and you can have nice time there, swimming, fishing, walking or making Watersport… Bellevue it’s a romantic place ideal for honeymoon, wedding anniversary…..but also when you are alone and you want just to relax!!! Our purpose it’s have you the best memories from your holidays in Crete!!! The complex is nestled at an idyllic spot in Agia Pelagia area. Services & Facilities Read more Our Story Read more Activities Read more Eating Read more Stay Bellevue is is a beautiful complex of apartments bungalows and suites. Situated 17-18 kilometers west of Heraklion in an enviable and unique situation overlooking the small picturesque bay of Ligaria and Agia pelagia. Its a nice decorated in island style (blue and white) apartment with kichenette,balconi or patio that you have sea view! Our low-rise buildings convey a homey, island neighborhood feeling and the fact that Bellevue rooms are spread over 7,000 square meters ensures your uninterrupted tranquility. Bellevue Hideaway captures the magnificent essence of island living, with its elegance, simple decor, airy interiors and expansive terrace open onto spectacular views. It is a splendid property, in an idyllic location which offers superb quality and comfort throughout, and where you can totally unwind. Sumptuous in its white interiors and rounded archways with the occasional dash of color and miniamalist furnishing; it is intimate, private and secure, architecturally designed for aesthetic living, entertaining and relaxing. The traditional decoretion, different in each room, makes them unique, providing comfort and the sense of escape. Each unit has its own special character, with extraordinary features like separate open washbasins, separate WCs and shower. Most units feature king-size beds, while other facilities include: Apartment with Sea View Read more Pool Front Apartment Read more Junior Suite Read more Panoramic Suite Read more Superior Suite Read more Bungalow Read more Eating Cretan Cuisine In our traditional taverna with the amazing view Every morning you can have breakfast in buffet.Start your day like a king with our delicious breakfast!. And every evening Our summer nights are special with the traditional tastes and the unique recipes that We make with our products and our family WINE!!! (Traditional delicacies of Greek cuisine .Fresh ingredients from local producers consist the basis of all traditional Greek specialties that our guests can enjoy at dinner.) Cretan Cuisine Cretan cuisine is notably colorful, delectable and healthy to eat. The best experience for sampling the native dishes of Crete comes during the traditional fiestas that happen in the villages. In these fiestas, you can literally feast on great food, exquisite wines and lively folk music. seafood shrimps When on a holiday in Crete, go ahead and try these native dishes at the traditional tavernas: • Dakos – rusk with olives, oregano, tomatoes and feta cheese, drizzled with olive oil • Feta cheese • Fried courgette • Fried aubergine • Gemista – courgette and tomatoes that have been stuffed with rice • Greek salad – a mix of cucumber, onions, olives, tomatoes and feta cheese • Horta vrasta – green vegetables that were boiled, then seasoned with lemon juice and olive oil Seafood is also plentiful and tasty in Crete. At a Cretan taverna, you can help yourself to kalamari, which is breaded and fried squid; octopus, whether boiled, grilled or soaked in vinegar; shrimps cooked with a red sauce and cheese; and mussels. As for drinks, the most famous Cretan drink is the Tsikoudia, a mainstay in tavernas and bars on the island. The wines of Crete have a unique and exquisite taste. The strong and stimulating Greek coffee is another must-taste. Just like Turkish or Arabic coffee, Greek coffee is very low on caffeine. You can order either glykos coffee, which has two sugars; metrios, which has only one sugar; and sketos, the Cretan version of black coffee. Photo Gallery Services & Facilities Services, facilities and important info. We will welcome you with a refreshment and also Its our plaisour offer you (if you wish)information’s and tips for the places and the beaches that it worth to visit so you can make easily your daily program for explore Crete!!!!!!!! ..Bellevue Village = ideal place for holidays in Crete Hotel Bellevue Village also has a big swimming pool surrounded by umbrellas and sun beds. If you want to taste traditional recipes of Crete cooked with extra virgin olive oil, we have our own Taverna for your dining pleasure that serves breakfast and dinner. In our hotel you will also find free parking space for your car. Our staff are always on hand to ensure that your stay at the hotel will be pleasant, and even help you to plan your itinerary so that you will have an interesting and fun filled vacation at Agia Pelagia. you can enjoy Agia Pelagia in summer season you wish to visit this charming resort. Getting to our hotel is only a 20 minutes’ drive from Heraklion International Airport and 17 minutes from Heraklion city. You can freely use the Wi-Fi, internet access, the swimming pool, the sunbeds, the umbrellas, the private parking and the gardens! If you cannot find free the dates that you want to come in BELEVUE then you can contact us by e mail. General Services & Amenities • Transfer services from and to Airport/Port(surcharge) • Transfer / Taxi reservations • Scuba diving, horseback riding, walking tours* • sailing boat excursions(surcharge) • Car & motorbike • rentals* Sunbeds and • parasols on the pool Open • space free of charge • parking Wi-Fi free of charge • throughout the property • General facilities: • Outdoor Swimming Pool, Sunbeds & Umbrellas • Open air Restaurant • breakfast in buffet • dinner • Non-Smoking Rooms available • Fax & Photocopy Service • Taxi • Car Rental • Hair dryer – free of charge • Swimming pool • Garden • free Wi-Fi • free parking lot in the area of the apartments • Day-trip booking • Car/motorbike rentals • Massage Therapy Important Info Please note that: Due to its hillside location, this property is not suitable for guests with disabilities or walking difficulties, is not suitable for children (0-15years old),there are steps in the complex. In case of early arrival of your Flight or the Boat in the morning of your check in we can be at Bellevue to welcome you After 11.00 am. You can sit in the area of our swimming pool and enjoy the sea view till your room will be ready after 14.00 pm. We can reserve taxi for you if you need to pick up you from the harbor or the airport telling you the cost, when you make the TAXI reservation. Also, it is very easy for us if you need a car to reserve for you one and have it just when you arrive at the airport or the harbor. Policy In case of early arrival of your Flight or the Boat in the morning of your check in, you are welcomed to come in Bellevue After 11.00 am. ,You can sit in the area of our swimming pool and enjoy the sea view till your room will be ready after 14.00 pm ,You have just to informe us before -Due to its hillside location, the property is not suitable for guests with mobility issues and children under 14 years old. -This property will not accommodate hen, stag or similar parties. -Children are welcome up 14 years old. -Smoking is allowed outside on the balcony or the terrace -Towels change twice a week and linen change once a week and its free of charge -The towels,linets,pillows and couverly are only for inside the room use. Location Agia Pelagia, Crete Bellevue is a beautiful complex of apartments bungalows and suites. Situated 17 km west of Heraklion in an enviable and unique place overlooking the small picturesque bay of Lygaria and cosmopolite town of Agia Pelagia .There are a few charming small and gravel bays with Crystal Clear, Calm Sea that are perfect for swimming, you have just to choose one!!! You can also explore near places walking in to the nature…. In 5-6 min on foot from our private natural path you can find Lygaria Beach with taverna S.Market, and water sport ,it is a nice calm beach. In the other way there is Agia Pelagia beaches with more restaurants bars S.markets shops ,pharmacy , ATM ,medical center and cosmopolitan nightlife… In10 min by car there is the traditional village of Fodele that has the best oranges in all Crete! At the famous Knossos Palace you can be by car in 18 min and in15 min by car you are at Museum in the center of the Capital City!!!!In 5 -6min walk, you will be to the National Road, if you want to go to Rethymno-Chania or Heraklio by bus. You can find us following our hideaway traditional village style with perfect views!!! road that connect us with the national road. We are16 min about by car from Kazantzakis international airport and 18 min from Heraklio port (Santorini,Pereus arrival-depart) Bellevue is in the center of Crete and is in easy reach of many attractions and archaeological sites such as Knossos 20 km. Phaestos 60 km. and of course all the famous museums. You just need a car to explore all the area around and to be independent!!!!!!!! Follow our suggestions to explore the surrounding area; the vibrant capital of the island, Heraklion and the amazing Crete. Find also more details regarding the activities you can indulge in and feel the unique beauty of the island as you are discovering the beaches, the landmarks, the history and all the things that make Crete a famous destination across the world and a little piece of heaven on earth. We will provide the information for you not to miss a thing! Agia Pelagia Read more Crete Read more Beach Guide Read more Facebook Google Bellevue – Bellevue village - Agia pelagia, Crete P.O BOX 1474,71110 TEL +302810811102 FAX +302810811717 Agia Pelagia Bellevue Village Stay Location Gallery Contact us All rights reserved | Developed by Eyewide - Hotel Internet Marketing 