Aitutaki.net – Flights, Hotels, Tours, Cruises and Packages for Aitutaki Skip to content Aitutaki.net Flights, Hotels, Tours, Cruises and Packages for Aitutaki .site-branding-text .wrap .site-branding Menu Home The Vaka Cruise Hotels Aitutaki Day Tour Packages Scroll down to content #site-navigation .wrap #masthead Kia Orana, welcome to Aitutaki .entry-header With it’s spectacular lagoon and motu (small islets) showcasing a unique Polynesian culture, Aitutaki’s reputation as a ‘must see’ stopover in the South Pacific is richly deserved. Aitutaki is the ideal place to get away from the hustle and bustle of the modern world but there are also some gentle activities one can pursue, scuba diving, snorkelling, lagoon cruises, walkabouts or a visit to the church to name a few. Legend has it that the island was first discovered by the Polynesian voyager Ru. It seems certain this great Polynesian navigator and his entourage were the first settlers of Aitutaki a thousand years ago. Disenchanted with the leadership of his home island, thought to be Tubuai in the Society Islands, Ru with his party of young men and their consorts navigated the large twin hulled vaka Ngapuariki, through days and nights of Pacific storms in search of a new homeland. Centuries later and under the command of Captain William Bligh, Aitutaki was sighted from the HMS Bounty on the 11th of April 1789, just a few days before the infamous crew mutiny led by Fletcher Christian. During World War Two several thousand American servicemen descended on Aitutaki changing the landscape with the construction of a coral runway to provide an easterly route between Australia and Hawaii to avoid the advance of Japanese Forces. You can’t over describe it. After the peace the War Department will have to send troops there to drag those guys home. it’s a soldier’s dream An American war correspondent The 1950s and 60s saw Aitutaki as a stopover for TEAL Solent flying boats on the romantic ‘Coral Route’ en-route to and from Tahiti. Travel on the Coral Route was expensive during a period when most international passengers still went by sea, and many of the worlds rich and famous stepped off onto the sands of Akaiami while the giant aircraft re-fuelled en-route between Samoa and Tahiti. Today, Aitutaki has the modern conveniences of our era. However the stunning lagoon and availability of arable land means that every child still learns to plant and fish. Famed as the entertainers of the Cook Islands, Aitutakians still present spectacular Polynesian dances, drumming and song as they have done for centuries. .entry-content .wrap .panel-content #post-4 #main #primary #content Proudly powered by WordPress .site-info .wrap #colophon .site-content-contain #page Start of StatCounter Code End of StatCounter Code 