 Abbey Court Hotel in Guernsey | St. Peter Port | Official Website Abbey Court Hotel St. Peter Port, Guernsey Fetching results. Please wait... Arrival date Number of nights 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 Departure date Persons per room 1 2 3 4 5 /search.aspx _blank The following error(s) have occured: Home About Us Breakfast Rooms Gallery Tariffs Offers Reviews Location Contact Click here to book flights or ferries to the Abbey Court Hotel Abbey Court Hotel in Guernsey The Abbey Court Hotel is a modern hotel set in Regency period residence with an adjoining cottage. Our hotel is located in a quiet residential area just 800 metres (about 10 minutes' walk) from the centre of St. Peter Port the harbour and seafront. There is a bus stop nearby (100m) which has a frequent bus service around Guernsey and to the airport. Guests are welcome to use our free car park. During your stay with us you are welcome to visit our bar in the evening to order drinks, relax in our guest lounges and garden. We have two lounges with comfortable sofas. One guest lounge has a large wide screen TV and the other has a book case so is an ideal reading room/ library. There is free Wi-Fi in all rooms and two complimentary computers for guest to use in the lounges (one PC running Windows and the other MacOS). Bed & Breakfast Our hotel has a total of 23 en-suite bedrooms and 2 single rooms with private facilities for sole use. We do not have a lift. All rooms are en-suite and have a bathroom with a shower. They are equipped with a TV with Freeview, direct dial telephone and tea and coffee making facilities. A full English breakfast is served every morning between 07:00 and 10:00am. "Nothing is perfect but the Abbey Court & its Staff came close" Mr. & Mrs. Skupham "Wonderful hotel & service, home was never like this" Mr. & Mrs. Campbell "Super, I just don't want to leave" Cynthia Chapman "I've lived & gone to heaven . Thank you" Pauline James Guernsey The best feature of Guernsey is people, Sarnians as we locals are called, who still have time to talk, to enquire about who you are. It's a charming curiosity which prompts the question, not reserved for visitors, but aimed at anyone exploring Guernsey. The Beautiful Island of Guernsey is the 2nd largest of the Channel Islands and is ideally situated in the bay of St Malo just 30 Miles from the coast of France and 80 Miles from the coast of England. St. Peter Port is a charming picturesque, flourishing harbour town with V.A.T - FREE shopping, an ancient market place and Quay side cafes which overlook the yacht marinas jostling with visiting craft from England, France, Belgium, and ports further afield. The Bailiwick of Guernsey consists of three main islands of Guernsey, Alderney and Sark. The Bailiwick forms part of the British Isles but is not part of the United Kingdom: Constitutionally it owes allegiance to the English Crown, but it has its own separate legislature the states of deliberation. Members of the state are mostly elected democratically and there are no party politics. Abbey Court Hotel is rated 4.4 out of 5 stars based on 50 guest reviews . Abbey Court Hotel , Les Gravées , St. Peter Port , Guernsey , GY1 1RL , Channel Islands Hotel in Guernsey | Bed & Breakfast in St. Peter Port | Location | Book Rooms | Contact | Site Map Hotel Website & Booking System by Hotels Online © 2019 Abbey Court Hotel in Guernsey. All Rights Reserved. 