UK Hen Party Cottages with Weekend Activity Packages - Acacia Cottages [if lt IE 9]> <div class="alert alert-warning"> You are using an <strong>outdated</strong> browser. Please <a href="http://browsehappy.com/">upgrade your browser</a> to improve your experience. </div> <![endif] Login Menu 0800 234 6039 0800 234 6039 Destinations Packages Hen Do Houses Activities Special Offers Blog Contact Us Search for: Search searh-navbar-wrapper .container Unique Hen Weekends to Remember Find a hen party cottage Location Choose Property Area Bath Bristol Canterbury Cheltenham Derbyshire Harrogate Oxford York Ayrshire Bath Bournemouth Brighton Bristol Cambridge Canterbury Cardiff Cheltenham Chester Derbyshire Edinburgh Harrogate Hereford Leeds Newcastle Norwich Nottingham Oxford Peak District Sheffield Snowdonia National Park Taunton Tenby Warwick Wells Winchester York City Center Near Beach Sleeps Max Group Size 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 32 33 34 35 36 37 38 39 40+ Choose a Hen Party House Add in two or more Activities Create your Hen Weekend Package Easy online payment system Your own Acacia holiday organiser IPP protection; your money is safe Hen Party Houses & Activities BATH HEN WEEKENDS YORK HEN WEEKENDS DERBYSHIRE HEN WEEKENDS OXFORD HEN WEEKENDS BRISTOL HEN WEEKENDS HOUSES WITH HOT TUBS POPULAR ACTIVITIES SPECIAL OFFERS Contact us for a Hen Weekend Quote We had a wonderful weekend - thank you!...I would thoroughly recommend Acacia Cottages packages to friends and family. Thank you! Jackie , Countryside View Cottage, Hot Tub Unique Hen Weekend Packages… We’re experts in making hen parties happen. After all, your weekend is more than just a beautiful cottage and activity package. It’s about the experience; from your initial thoughts all the way through to coming home exhausted having had the best hen weekend EVER! With over 10 years of hen party organising know-how, sourcing beautiful cottages & activities, building supplier relations, developing easy to use payment systems and IPP protection to keep your money safe, we aim to give you the best hen weekend possible with the least amount of stress. Contact us and get the conversation started. Budget Hen Package 3 Bristol Hen Weekend 2 Nights Stay at Acacia Getaway Canapes Club Entry Prices from £135pp* based on 10 people Acacia Getaway Popular Hen Package 1 Bath or Bristol Hen Weekend 2 Nights Stay at Chew Magna Farmhouse with Spa 30 Minute Beauty Treatment Private Chef Dinner Prices from £190pp based on 16 people Chew Magna Popular Hen Package 2 York Hen Weekend 2 Nights Stay at Luxury Yorkshire, Hot Tub Supper Delivered Cocktail Workshop Prices from £200pp based on 15 people Luxury Yorkshire Hen Weekend Package Ideas ...we had the most amazing weekend, my daughter really enjoyed herself. Thank you for providing a great service from the accommodation to activities in the cottage. We will definitely remember are time in chew magna x Mandy , Chew Magna Farmhouse with Spa Popular UK Destinations… We travel the UK to find self-catering cottages, apartments and houses in areas which offer a whole host of different hen weekend experiences. From beautiful Bath with its vibrant underground nightlife and sophisticated shopping to the northern charm of York, we can help you find your ideal party pad. If you’re looking for a sprawling country cottage set deep in the middle of nowhere to celebrate throughout the night, or a contemporary city apartment, just let us know. SHEFFIELD HEN WEEKENDS CHELTENHAM HEN WEEKENDS HARROGATE HEN WEEKENDS DESTINATIONS Specialist Hen Party Planning Made Easy… Self-catering hen weekends offer you intimacy & freedom to celebrate just the way you want; from sitting round chatting in your PJ’s to enjoying a garter making lesson in a cosy sitting room, glass of wine in hand and wood burning stove blazing. As one of the few experts to solely specialise in self-catering hen weekends, we really know what we’re doing.  We’ve developed great supplier relations, an easy online payment system and a whole lot of know-how, which means not only do you get more for your money but we help make your hen planning easy. Simply, contact us with your hen party ideas letting us know where you’d like to go, when and which activities you’d like to do, and let us do the rest! 1. Contact Us We’ll send you quotes for available cottages and activities. Once you pay the deposit, your weekend will be secured. 2. Your Personal Login You’ll be assigned an exclusive holiday adviser and access to the easy payment system. 3. Enjoy your weekend Sit back and get ready for the ultimate hen weekend. Your Exclusive Login Area You can login to your personal Acacia account at any time of day or night. What’s more you can invite any of the hen group to join you. Everyone can see their individual holiday activities and pay their holiday balance in regular instalments or one lump sum, whichever is easier. Finally, you’ll be assigned your very own holiday organiser who will be with you every step of the way, from booking, to going on your party weekend to getting home. ...the planning was so straightforward and effective! It was so easy to use the login system and keep up to date with payments. All the girls found that really helpful especially as some could pay bits at a time. Once again thank you for making it a wonderful weekend! Charlotte , Bath Barns Why we’re different… Our knowledge of all our cottages ensures you know what you’re getting, making your weekend planning easier. We’ve spent years developing long standing relationships with our activity suppliers, so you’ll get the best deal with the reassurance of having a tried and tested company at your fingertips.  Along with our online payment system designed specifically to make group bookings easier and our extensive know-how of hen weekends, we’ll make planning your hen weekend straightforward. Finally, we know how important it is for the bride-to-be to get the best send-off ever which is why we do everything we can to make it happen. Acacia Hen Weekend Customer Reviews on  Trustpilot,  an independent review centre End TrustBox widget Contact us for a Hen Weekend Quote  Call us free on 0800 234 6039, or, email us at [email protected] ...We had a fab weekend thanks!! Still getting over it!! The cottage was wonderful and Mary, the owner, an absolute treasure.  We all said we'd seriously consider going back. Nigel, the bartender, was fantastic! Haven't laughed so much in ages! Julie, the therapist, was amazing and we all loved our treatments and felt a million times better afterwards! We then had a bit of retail therapy in Clarks Village before getting ready to go out in the evening. The taxi drivers arrived on time and were chatty and informative. Everyone had a lovely time and I can't thank you enough for putting everything together and organising it all for us. /.content /.wrap Unique Weekends Book one of our self-catering cottages Add two or more activities Let us do the rest! Why Us? Experienced staff ready to help Easy on-line payment system One easy to handle package Suppliers Trusted and reliable suppliers Hand selected cottages IPP protection so your money is safe Join Us Sign up to our Newsletter Email Go Booking Reviews Log in FAQs Site Links Destinations Hen Party Houses Activities Legal Terms & Conditions, Cookie & Privacy Policy Acacia About Us Acacia Cottages & Travel Acacia are trading names of Rural Adventure Ltd Acacia House, Bell Lane, Chew Stoke, Bristol, BS40 8EA VAT No: 927 8782 67     Registered in England No: 5961915 ▲ Facebook Pixel Code 