South Carolina Bed and Breakfast Myrtle Beach The Cypress Inn Conway SC webbot bot="Include" U-Include="side-bot.html" TAG="BODY" startspan webbot bot="Include" endspan i-checksum="1869" We have re-opened and are accepting reservations. Innkeepers Notes... Pontoon boat rentals are now available at Kingston Pointe Marina in front of the Inn - kayaks are available too! A discounted rate is offered to guests of the Inn. Please contact Matt at 843-504-1012 for reservations. FOR RESERVATIONS ... click here Member of the Select Registry of Distinguished Inns Named Best B&B in the Grand Strand area by the Travel Channel Awarded "Most Elegant - 2005" by Arrington's Inn Traveler Come to The Cypress Inn where we are dedicated to your comfort and care. Every effort is made to provide a warm and welcoming oasis for you - away from your hectic world. At the Inn you can totally unwind and renew your energies.   You can walk to the downtown shops or fine restaurants of Conway, stroll along the Riverwalk or stay put on our porch lined with Carolina rockers. You can see one of the many wonderful shows minutes away in Myrtle Beach or experience the South Carolina beaches. There are so many things for you to experience. You will find that this is the perfect place for couples and groups to enjoy a mini-vacation with flair!! For Gift Certificates CLICK HERE   This personal service is especially appreciated by our corporate travelers who enjoy comfortable and immaculate surroundings. Planning a small intimate wedding or elopement ? We can help you create a romantic and memorable wedding. A stay at The Cypress Inn bed and breakfast is true ambrosia for the soul. Delight ful!! Owned by two retired Army veterans with a combined 62 years of service webbot bot="Include" U-Include="bot.html" TAG="BODY" startspan   The Cypress Inn at Conway Myrtle Beach rated "excellent" by 49 travelers Guest Rooms § Room Availability § Rates & Directions § Day Spa Packages Honeymoon & Getaway Packages § Special Amenities § Meeting Facilities § Business Traveler Conway/Myrtle Beach Activities § Workshops § Weddings § Myrtle Beach Bed & Breakfast The Cypress Inn 16 Elm Street, Conway (Myrtle Beach Area), South Carolina (SC) 29526 Tele: 843-248-8199 -- Reservations: 800-575-5307 E-mail: info@acypressinn.com Photography by Pro Studio Atlanta & Tina Early Website hosting & promotion by Acorn Internet Services, Inc. | Privacy Policy Sitemap Site Map     