Chamonix Accommodation | Ski Chalets Chamonix | Catered Chalet Chamonix | Luxury Chalets Chamonix | Luxury Chalet Chamonix CHAMONIX SKI CHALETS & APARTMENTS E:     info@arcticbeaver.com T:     +44 (0)1273 930 155 Home Chamonix Chalets Up to 4 bedrooms 5 bedrooms 6 bedrooms 7+ bedrooms Chamonix Apartments Up to 1 bedrooms 2 bedrooms 3 bedrooms 4+ bedrooms Luxury Chalets Chamonix The Resort In Winter In Summer Our Services Airport Transfers Ski Passes Ski Hire Ski Lessons & Guides Car Hire Private Chefs Child Care Treatments & Massage Mountain Activities Chalet Photography Contact Us Find Accommodation Date of travel: No. of nights: 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 +4 Weeks Season Lets Group size: Any 1-4 5-6 7-8 8+ Location: Any Chamonix (All) Chamonix - France Chamonix - Argentiere - France Chamonix - Les Houches - France Chamonix - Les Praz - France Accommodation Type: Any Catered Self Catered Advanced search Flexibility on dates: Exact dates +/- 1 day +/- 2 days +/- 3 days +/- 1 week Min number of Bedrooms: 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Hot Tub: Sauna: Swimming Pool: Log Fire: Cinema Room: Garden: Balcony: Private Parking: Snooker/Pool Table: Wi-fi Internet: UK Satellite TV: Or Contact Us and let one of our consultants search for you. Our Properties Chamonix Ski Chalets Up to 4 bedroom 5 bedrooms 6 bedrooms 7+ bedrooms Chamonix Ski Apartments Up to 1 bedroom 2 bedrooms 3 bedrooms 4+ bedrooms Chamonix Ski Hotels Our Services Airport Transfers Ski Passes Ski Hire Ski Lessons & Guides Car Hire Private Chefs Child Care Treatments & Massage Mountain Activities Chalet Photography Property Owners Login Forgotten Password Airport Transfers From: 25€ pp More Ski Pass Pre order ski passes More Ski Hire Save up to 15% More Ski Lessons Information & how to book More Car Hire Discounts & deals! More Private Chefs Catering in your chalet More Child Care Professional childcare services More Treatments & Massage In-house or Spa days More Mountain Activities From husky sledding to helisking More Featured Chamonix Ski Chalets & Apartments: Chamonix Apartment AB144 Chamonix, France Type: Apartment - Self-Catered Description: Sleeps 1-7, 140m 2 , 4 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms Features: Sauna, DVD player, Wifi/internet, TV Nearest Ski Lift: 5 mins by foot Price: The penthouse is a lovely spacious three-bedroom apartment of 140 m2. It is best suited for a family of six but can sleep seven or a small group of friends. Chamonix Chalet AB219 Chamonix - Les Praz, France Type: Chalet - Catered/Self-Catered Description: Sleeps 1-8, 4 bedrooms, 4 bathrooms Features: Hot tub, Sauna, DVD player, iPod docking station, CD player, Wifi/internet, Sat. TV, Games console, Books, Board games, TV Nearest Ski Lift: 2 mins by car (transport included in catered package) Price: - Gorgeous converted 300 yr old farmhouse - Luxurious hot tub & sauna - 2 mins from ski lift by car (transport included in catered package) - Fabulous catering service Chamonix Chalet AB223 Chamonix - Les Houches, France Type: Chalet - Catered/Self-Catered Description: Sleeps 1-9, 190m 2 , 5 bedrooms, 5 bathrooms Features: Hot tub, Sauna, DVD player, iPod docking station, CD player, Wifi/internet, Sat. TV, Books, Board games, TV Nearest Ski Lift: ski in / ski out Price: - Fairytale Chalet set in private woodland - Fantastic ski in / ski out location - Luxurious hot tub and sauna - Wonderful in-chalet service - Fantastic catering Chamonix Chalet AB217 Chamonix - Argentiere, France Type: Chalet - Catered/Self-Catered Description: Sleeps 1-10, 4 bedrooms, 4 bathrooms Features: Hot tub, DVD player, iPod docking station, CD player, Wifi/internet, Sat. TV, TV Nearest Ski Lift: 100m to lift but also ski to door Price: Amazing ski in/ski out chalet with luxury facilities including a hot tub. Can be booked with neighboring chalet AB228 to sleep 22 guests. Chamonix Apartment AB122 Chamonix, France Type: Apartment - Catered/Self-Catered Description: Sleeps 2-4, 2 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms Features: DVD player, iPod docking station, CD player, Wifi/internet, TV Nearest Ski Lift: 2 mins by foot Price: Stunning luxury 2 bedroom apartment in a ideal central location. Chamonix Apartment AB146 Chamonix, France Type: Apartment - Self-Catered Description: Sleeps 1-6, 3 bedrooms, 3 bathrooms Features: DVD player, CD player, Wifi/internet, TV Nearest Ski Lift: 5 mins by foot Price: This luxury apartment in the superbly placed Villa Vallet residence offers Chamonix accommodation right in the centre of town, and only minutes away from the Savoy ski area. Ski Chalet & Apartment Accommodation in Chamonix Welcome to Arctic Beaver! Arctic Beaver is an online accommodation Agency, specialising in ski chalets and apartments in Chamonix, France.  We proudly present a diverse portfolio of ski properties to suit any standard and budget.  Whether you are looking for a luxury catered chalet, or a budget self catered apartment you will find plenty of options on this site. The Arctic Beaver team have all been based in Chamonix for at least 7 years, and know the valley inside out.  We are passionate about this place, and this can be seen in the personal touch we bring to the help and advice we offer, right through to the bespoke holiday packages we help you create. It is worth noting that this agency operates by placing an advert on the website on behalf of the owner or operator.  They pay us for our service, so you don’t have to.  Furthermore, the prices shown on this site and in our quotes are the same as you will find anywhere else on the web – we don’t mark up on the owner/operator prices.  Think of our service to you as completely free, impartial and unbiased advice! So, with that said, lets get started – we invite you to browse our selection of properties using the Chalet and Apartment links above, and get in touch with any questions.  If you would like our personal recommendations, send us an email with your requirements and we would be happy to assist. We look forward to hearing from you, The Arctic Beaver Team Welcome to Arctic Beaver - the number one chamonix accommodation provider. If you are searching for ski chalets in Chamonix then you are in the right place! Here you will find our portfolio of Chamonix apartment and chalet accommodation, ranging from studio apartments to 7-bedroom chalets so whatever your group size we have acommodation to suit all budgets and requirements.We partner with many operators and property owners in the Chamonix Valley, and each offers their own package deal so if you find your perfect ski chalet but the holiday package needs a little work, just let us know. Budget self catered? No problem. Catered luxury apartment? Just say the word and we can arrange all the services you like to make your dream Chamonix ski holiday become reality. Design & Build by rocketbug Arctic Beaver © 2006 | Boutique Lifestyles Ltd | Company 08271347 News   |   Chalets   |   Apartments   |   Luxury   |   Chamonix   |   Sitemap   |   Links   |   Terms and conditions Add your property to Arctic Beaver Start of StatCounter Code End of StatCounter Code End of StatCounter Code for Default Guide 