Bed and Breakfast Windsor: Alma House B&B Guest House in Windsor Berkshire UK | Alma House UK TEL: (0)1753 862983 | follow us on Show menu Home Rooms Price tariff Things to do How to book Contact Check in date: For: + - nights Offer valid: Family Fun Plenty to do in Windsor for families - our rooms are family-friendly too Getaways Plenty to see and do in Windsor. Visit Legoland, The Great Park and Savill Gardens Romantic breaks Book a romantic meal for two, take a boat ride up the Thames and visit Windsor Castle... Alma House Bed & Breakfast Alma House Windsor - a modern, boutique bed and breakfast in Windsor, superbly located and with free unlimited Wi-Fi, flat screen TV's with DVD players and some complimentary movies and books to borrow. Loads of free breakfast snacks and bottled water provided in the rooms. BOOK DIRECT on our website for the best rates or call us on 01753 862983 This non-smoking Guest House is set in a tree-lined residential road just a short five minute walk to the town centre and Windsor Castle. Presented to a high standard, all guest B&B bedrooms are ensuite (shower, toilet and wash basin enclosed in the room) with mini-fridges, breakfast bars, hairdryers, refreshment tray and TVs. The Bed and Breakfast is just five minutes walk to Windsor town centre including Windsor Castle, the river, trains, restaurants, bars and cafes. Windsor is ideally situated for access to London and surrounds. Alma House is less than 10 minutes by car or bus from Legoland Windsor. Included in your room are a selection of muffins, bread for toasting, cereals, fruit, juice, fresh milk, jams, butter, tea, coffee, sugar and hot chocolate. Exact varieties may vary and we are always happy to accommodate special dietary requests with notice. Free unlimited Wi-Fi is available at the bed and breakfast (just bring your wi-fi enabled laptop or iPad.) Families, single travellers, couples and business people are all welcome to our comfortable and sparkling clean establishment. We offer a no-frills service - we do not like to disturb you preferring to leave you to your own devices but are available during office hours for local information if required. You will find everything you need in your room and at a keen price too. For longer stays of one week or more: Windsor apartments also available - fully furnished and equipped with all modern conveniences, freeview or Sky TV and wireless high speed internet - see these Windsor serviced apartments online at www.accommodation-windsor.co.uk Visit www.Royal-Windsor.com - for local information on the Royal Borough of Windsor. Where to Eat in Windsor - a fab guide to the best restaurants and places to eat in Windsor. All B&B rooms are strictly non-smoking. The bedrooms at Alma House are all self-contained with their own private facilities - you can come and go as you please, eat and drink in your room and enjoy a home-from-home atmosphere in a great location. B&B room rates Locally we reckon you'll be hard pushed to find a better value B&B in Windsor than Alma House! Our low prices include a self-service continental breakfast . This is a help-yourself breakfast from a mini fridge (re-stocked daily) in your room or from the breakfast room if you are in the executive doubles. Depending on the room you have either a table and chairs in your room or you can help yourself to breakfast in the breakfast room (rooms 1A and 2A). read more... Things to do in Windsor & outskirts Ascot Racecourse, Theatre Royal Windsor, The Savill Garden, Windsor Great Park, Royal Windsor Castle, Boat Trips, Duck Tours and much more. Check our guide and make the most of your stay ! find out more... How to find us ... Download our PDF guide. It shows easy way to get to us from popular locations such as airports... or use Google Map to find the shortest route if you travel by car. Click here to open new window Useful to know before you come... Weather now 21°C Great ticket prices If you need a ticket to visit Windsor Castle or Legoland we can get it ready for you when you arrive! All you need to do is let us know you need it and we’ll take it from there. Click here for more details. Follow us Follow us for the most up to date information about what is happening around. Like us on Facebook Follow us on Google+ Check our official blog Home Rooms Price tariff Things to do How to book Contact Site Map Privacy Policy © Alma House 2018 