Oahu Hotel | Ambassador Hotel Waikiki | Honolulu Hotel Google Tag Manager (noscript) End Google Tag Manager (noscript) Skip to main content Reservations: 808-941-7777 flexible rates Book Now English Japanese Korean Chinese, Simplified 2040 Kuhio Avenue Honolulu, Hawaii | Map It > Main navigation Home Offers Fall in Love with Hawaii Summer Swells Best Available Rate Breakfast Package for Two Book Early and Save Park and Play Package Hawaiian Miles Upgrade Night Out with Honolulu Pride AAA and AARP Offer Kama'aina Special Government & Military Rates Overview Amenities FAQs Why Choose & What's Close By Fact Sheet - English Fact Sheet - Japanese Guest Reviews Rooms & Suites Photos Visitors Guide Book Activity Book Airport Shuttle Attractions Restaurants Events Blog Blog Home Activities Attractions Shopping Restaurants Events Location Contact Group RFP Menu Previous Next Government and Military Rates Military and Government employees get to save a massive 20% off!   It’s as easy as showing your military/government ID to get all the great savings below... View Details Book Now > Park and Play Package – Now with $25 Activity Credit! Enjoy worry-free parking with the conveniences of our Park and Play Package offering a $15 discount on self-parking in Waikiki. View Details Book Now > Summer Waves and Swells with 15% Savings! This is your time to relax and spend the summer catching a wave, relaxing on the beach or going on a scenic hike. Travel between now and August 31, 2019 and receive 15% savings!  View Details Book Now > Breakfast Package for 2 – Now with $25 Activity Credit! Enjoy a Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf® Breakfast... View Details Book Now > Previous Next Ambassador Hotel - A Waikiki Hotel Welcome to Ambassador Hotel - A Waikiki Hotel, where our ideal Waikiki location meets exceptional value. Hotel Features and Surrounding Areas: Residence-style comforts including Full Kitchens, Cable Internet, Cable Televisions, Flat Screen TV's and more Coffee Bean and Tea Leaf located lobby level where you can buy  coffee, pastries, and enjoy a light breakfast. Airport Shuttle Service by Robert’s Hawaii . Click to reserve . 311 guestrooms with twin, double and king beds make  Group Travel easy Pick up groceries for your in-room kitchen at nearby Convenience Store. Lounge by our sparkling Swimming Pool or take a short stroll over to gorgeous Waikiki Beach . Just 9 miles from Honolulu International Airport Conveniently located on the Waikiki Trolley line and bus routes Close to Ala Moana Shopping Mall, Waikiki Beach & other Oahu Activities Read More + We are conveniently located in the heart of Waikiki, on the island of Oahu, offering something for everyone looking for the perfect Hawaiian Vacation; Oahu Activities, beautiful beaches, Surfing, Hawaii Golf, Shopping in Waikiki , Waikiki Restaurants and much more. As an iconic affordable Waikiki Hotel, we have crafted a variety of affordable special offers for savvy travelers like you. Whether you are a government employee , a local Kama’aina resident or just looking for our best deal of the season , there’s a hotel special waiting just for you. We've also got your back with our Best Rate Guaranteed policy when you book directly through our hotel website. The Ambassador Hotel Waikiki welcomes guests of all abilities. Our property descriptions aim to allow any visitor to make an informed decision on whether the hotel is an appropriate choice for their needs. For more information, please see our Accessibility Statement. "Great Location and Friendly Staff" - Ayesha T. / Adelaide, Australia "Location, Location, Location" - Marnette S. / Toronto, Canada "Excellent hotel, walking distance to restaurants and high end stores, awesome price!!" - Velynvilla16 Special Offers Get the best value for your visit. Summer Waves and Swells with 15% Savings! This is your time to relax and spend the summer catching a wave, relaxing o... View Details > Book Now > Breakfast Package for 2 – Now with $25 Activity Credit! Enjoy a Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf® Breakfast... View Details > Book Now > Park and Play Package – Now with $25 Activity Credit! Enjoy worry-free parking with the conveniences of our Park and Play Package... View Details > Book Now > Government and Military Rates Military and Government employees get to save a massive 20% off!   It’s as... View Details > Book Now > Previous Next Photo Gallery Take a tour of our hotel & the beautiful island of Oahu View all > Top Oahu Attractions See the best attractions Oahu has to offer View all > Top Oahu Activities See the best things to do on Oahu View all > Oahu Visitors Guide Let us help you plan your trip to Oahu | View All > Oahu Activities What are the top 'Things to do on Oahu?' What are... Go > Oahu Attractions Stay at the Ambassador Hotel - A Waikiki Hotel and... Go > Oahu Shopping When you think of planning your Hawaii Vacation yo... Go > Oahu Restaurants No visit to Oahu would be complete without trying... Go > Oahu Events What's going on in Hawaii? What are the top Oahu T... Go > Waikiki Visitors Blog Enjoy interesting articles & insights about the island of Oahu | View All >> Oahu Things to do: Origin of the Shaka Sign Oahu has some of the friendliest people in the world. Almost everywhere you go on the islands, you will see locals and visitors giving each other the ‘Shaka’ sign or ‘Hang Loose’ sign – this Oahu Travel Blog article tells the history of this popular hand signal. Read More >> 4 Top Hikes on Oahu Oahu has some of the most beautiful hikes in the world, waterfalls, tropical foliage and amazing coastal views. See this Oahu Travel Blog article, ‘4 Top Hikes on Oahu’ for details on just a few of the best Hikes on Oahu. Read More >> Oahu Visitor FAQs This Oahu Visitors Blog article provides answers to many popular questions about Visiting Oahu, so here it is; ‘Oahu Visitor FAQs.’ Read More >> What's Close By? World class beaches, historic landmarks, unique shopping centers. No matter what you want to do there's something close by. View all> Why Choose Us? Spacious rooms, prime location, convenient parking, and fun beach cruiser bikes are just some of the unique amenities that set us apart. View all > Footer menu Home Overview Amenities FAQ's What's Close By Why Choose Ambassador Fact Sheet - English Fact Sheet - Japanese Reservations Offers Best Available Rate Kama'aina Parking Package Spring Special Offer Book Early & Save Government Rate Kama'aina Special Rooms Photos Activities Attractions The Island Visitors Guide Oahu Activities Oahu Attractions Oahu Events Oahu Restaurants Waikiki Shopping Blog Location Contact Accessibility Statement Privacy Policy Terms Of Use Site Map Ambassador Hotel Waikiki 2040 Kuhio Avenue Honolulu, Hawaii 96815 Reservations & Front Desk: 808-941-7777 Concierge: Email General Inquiries: Email Exclusive Offers Be among the first to receive Exclusive Offers & Hawaii Travel Tips! I agree to the Terms of Service and Privacy Policy Go Website Search What are you looking for? Search © 2019 Ambassador Hotel Waikiki | Site Map | Privacy Policy | Developed by Symbolic Interactive Home Offers Fall in Love with Hawaii Summer Swells Best Available Rate Breakfast Package for Two Book Early and Save Park and Play Package Hawaiian Miles Upgrade Night Out with Honolulu Pride AAA and AARP Offer Kama'aina Special Government & Military Rates Overview Amenities FAQs Why Choose & What's Close By Fact Sheet - English Fact Sheet - Japanese Guest Reviews Rooms & Suites Photos Visitors Guide Book Activity Book Airport Shuttle Attractions Restaurants Events Blog Blog Home Activities Attractions Shopping Restaurants Events Location Contact Group RFP 