Wasilla Housing Rentals - Palmer Lodging and Rentals ~ Wasilla Alaska temporary Housing ~ guest home lodging since 1995 LINKS TO DETAILS Eagle View Chalet - a spacious cabin with awesome mountain view. Two Story. One bedroom with queen, alcove with twin. Accommodates 1or 2 persons. Click for more details... Moose Run Chalet - a spacious cabin with awesome mountain view. Two Story. One bedroom with queen, alcove with twin. Accommodates 1 or 2 persons Click for more details... Fox Den Cottage - a charming one story, one bedroom cottage. Vaulted ceilings and gas fireplace make it special. 1 or 2 persons Click for more details... Caribou Trails Cottage - a spacious studio cottage with full kitchen and laundry. Comfortable queen bed.1 or 2 persons Click for more details... Rental Info and Policies Testimonials The Property Maps and Directions Area Activities and Links Informational Links Contact Us Make a Reservation Alaska Tours & Vacations Copyright 1995-2015 Tollers Timbers 6830 Toller Court Wasilla, Alaska 99654 Rental housing and temporary corporate lodging in Wasilla, Alaska Nearby to Palmer, Alaska Private 1 bedroom rentals Upscale, clean and comfortable Fully equipped kitchen Large bathrooms Washer and dryer in rental Satellite TV Free Wireless Internet Barbeque and picnic facilities Business Center with WiFi Mountain views, wildflowers Alaska gardens 40 miles north of Anchorage 6 miles to Palmer, Alaska 6 miles to Wasilla, Alaska Corporate Housing - Wasilla, Alaska 2015 Rentals for longer term stays Link to Rates & Policies   Google Reviews- click here to Add a Review   Wasilla lodging, corporate housing rentals, for the business traveler or relocating resident. Four small homes plus the owners large home all share a large property. All rentals are spaced for privacy. Enjoy the surroundings of this quiet country retreat nestled on 14 acres of private property, partially wooded and partially landscaped with gardens, wildflowers, songbirds and mountain views facing Matanuska Peak and Hatcher Pass. Wasilla Alaska and Palmer, Alaska and the MatSu Regional Hospital are 6-7 miles from this property location. Anchorage is a 45 minute commute. These temporary housing units are all fully furnished and equipped for individual home living. Ideal for a transient or longer term home. This property is pet and smoke free. Centrally located to access Alaska vacation fun! Easy day trips.... 15 minutes to Hatcher Pass hiking and Independence Gold Mine 15 minutes to Iditarod Trails Committee HQ 15 minutes to Musk Ox Farm 45 minutes to Glacier tours away from crowds 45 minutes to Eklutna Lake kayaking and biking 45 minutes to Eagle River Nature Center 45 minutes to Eklutna Historical Park 1 hour to Matanuska Glacier for whitewater rafting and guided glacier treks 1 hour to guided Alaska salmon fishing 1 hour to Alaska Native Heritage Center 1 hour to Anchorage Museum of History and Art 1.5 hours to Talkeetna and flightseeing Denali 