Lake District Hotels | Appleby Manor Hotel & Garden Spa | 4 Star facebook twitter g-plus 017683 51571 reception@applebymanor.co.uk menu The Hotel History Virtual Tour of the Hotel Finding Us Awards Families Welcome Environmental Policy Responsible Tourist Charter Guest Reviews Videos News Teds Big Adventure Our Blog Rooms The Heelis Suite Garden Rooms Manor House Rooms Deluxe Classic Rooms Family Accommodation Food & Wine 1871 Bistro Breakfast Menu Dinner Menu Vegetarian Menu Children's Menu Cheese List Wine List Cocktail Bar Afternoon Tea Luxury Spa Our Spa Day Spa Packages Residential Spa Packages Aqua Thermal Journey Packages Spa Gallery Treatments & Price List Spa Facilities Spa Hotel Rooms & Restaurants Spa Garden Spa Products Gift Vouchers Spa lunch Menu Tariff & Offers Last Minute Breaks Short Break Offers Cycling Breaks Activity Breaks Golf Breaks Romantic Breaks Valentines Breaks Pamper Packages Celebration Packages Leisure Pool & Table Tennis The Hotel Lounge Conservatory Lounge Weddings Wedding Packages Wedding Menus Honeymoons Conferences Meeting Room Layouts Client Comments Corporate Events Conference Tariff The Area Local Attractions Local Activities Golf Courses 101 Things to Do Appleby-in-Westmorland Family Attractions Penrith The Lake District Ullswater Keswick Lake Windermere The Pennines Yorkshire Dales Herriot Country Famous Figures William Wordsworth Beatrix Potter Hadrians Wall Booking Brochure Download Best Rates Guarantee Festive Festive Breaks New Year Breaks New Years Eve Menu Festive Party Nights Christmas Menu Festive Dinners & Lunches 2 Night Spa & Gin Break fr just £159pp View Deals New in 2016 Garden Spa view details Appleby Manor Hotel Look no further for luxury Lake District hotels Book direct with us for a £10 room credit Superb Bedrooms A choice of 30 bedrooms available view rooms Great Food AA Rosette dining available in our Restaurant and Bistro view details The Heelis Suite Perfect for romantic breaks view details Secure Online Booking Adults 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Children 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Best Rates Guarantee. Book Direct and get a £10 credit to spend during your stay. Home Luxury Lake District hotels at their finest Appleby Manor Country House Hotel is set in Cumbria within the Eden Valley on the edge of the Lake District, it is surrounded by the magnificent mountains and fells of the North Pennines and is close to the Yorkshire Dales. Appleby Manor is a four star luxury Lake District Country House Hotel with everything you need including warm open log fires, excellent hotel bedrooms, a fine selection of wines and whiskies together with an award winning restaurant that offer superb views over Lake District fells. The Luxury Garden Spa at the manor is the newest destination spa in the Lake District, perfect for pamper days and relaxing spa breaks.  Indulge in our unique aqua thermal journey and lift your spirits with one of our 80 rejuvenating spa treatments. We are proud to boast that we are carbon neutral emmiting zero co2, one of the greenest Lake District Hotels. Why not avoid the congestion of Windermere and other Lake District Hotels, explore the hidden Lake District - the Eden Valley, while staying at Appleby Manor Country House hotel. Short Breaks Short Breaks at Appleby Manor The Lake District offers the ideal location for a short Break in the UK. Appleby Manor is a magnificent Country House Hotel on the edge of the Lake District offering luxury accommodation for a relaxing UK Break. view details Luxury Garden Spa Luxury Garden Spa - Brand New for Winter 2015 The Garden Spa is a luxury spa on the edge of the Lake District, Our philosophy is simple; from the moment you arrive we want you to enjoy feeling totally relaxed and indulged. Whether you are spending a couple of hours, a day or a Spa break with us, you are escaping the everyday and entering a world of calm and wellbeing. view luxury spa Last Minute Breaks Last Minute Breaks Appleby Manor offers a number of specially tailored breaks where we will offer you not only a wonderful atmosphere but great value and exquisite award winning cuisine. Treat your loved one to a Easter break in the Lake District and enjoy our brand new Garden Spa at the Manor. view details   Buy Gift Vouchers Gift Vouchers Available Gift Vouchers are an ideal gift and can be purchased for a Treatment, Spa Day or a monetary value. They are valid for 6 months from the date of purchase. view gift vouchers Luxury Spa Brand new £1m Garden Spa available from November 2015. Quality Bedrooms A choice of 30 beautiful bedrooms with superb en-suite facilities. Great Food AA Rosette dining is available in both our main restaurant and our 1871 Bistro Superb Location Set in a beautiful part of Cumbria with easy access to the Lake District, Pennines and Yorkshire Dales. Gift Vouchers Gift vouchers are now available to buy online. Superb location for the Lake District, Pennines and Yorkshire Dales About 2 months ago From Twitter Web Client RT @RealLakes : Don't miss a fantastic selection of offers and discounts from our lovely members.... Download our app here: https://t.co/bP… About 2 months ago From Twitter Web Client Lakes Spa & Gin Break, a 2 night break packed with extras including dinner both nights, spa access and… https://t.co/xT2S3NTXlk About 2 months ago From Twitter Web Client RT @followthehens : Afternoon tea at @ApplebyManor https://t.co/FBVovtJqdc About 2 months ago From Twitter Web Client #ThrowbackThursday From £60 bed and breakfast every Thursday in May, add a 3 hour Spa use for £20 per person. Boo… https://t.co/cZRwdaJd06 About 2 months ago From Twitter Web Client This break is also bookable online at https://t.co/UymAw0UVOR https://t.co/xTWUHmHmvv About 2 months ago From Twitter Web Client RT @RealLakes : Happy Saturday Folks! 🙂 Thinking about a break in the lakes this summer? Don't forget to visit our website: https://t.co/… About 2 months ago From Twitter Web Client What better way indeed. Glad you enjoyed your day https://t.co/jmSuFHVVKE About 3 months ago From Twitter Web Client 2 night Spa & Gin Break, packed with extras including dinner each night, spa access , gin fizz cocktail & a… https://t.co/Ld7XflBrYu About 3 months ago From Twitter Web Client RT @RealLakes : Happy Bank Holiday! To make your Monday even better download our app for fantastic discounts and offers from our lovely mem… About 3 months ago From Twitter Web Client There is still time to book our Spring & Me Pamper Day which runs until the end of June, from only £74 per person.… https://t.co/nzxBlO2uFA Follow Appleby Manor on Twitter Join our mailing list Thank you! Please check your email and confirm the newsletter subscription. Join our mailing list to keep up to date with the latest offers and news. It seems that you have already subscribed to this list. Click here to update your profile. Subscribe Our Blog Cumbrian Hotel wins national award Eden’s Appleby Manor Hotel, claimed a top national accolade last night (23rd November) at the Best Loved Hotels Awards. Owners … Read More New Year New You Still recovering from a frantic Christmas and an over indulgent New Year? Why not kick-off your 2016 with a luxurious … Read More 1 2 TripAdvisor Reviews Contact Us Address: Appleby Manor Country House Hotel. Roman Road. Appleby-in-Westmorland, Cumbria, CA16 6JB Phone: 017683 51571 Email: reception@applebymanor.co.uk © 2018 Appleby Manor. All Rights Reserved. Site By WebPredators Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy FAQs Job Opportunities Lake District Links Main Menu The Hotel History Virtual Tour of the Hotel Finding Us Awards Families Welcome Environmental Policy Responsible Tourist Charter Guest Reviews Videos News Teds Big Adventure Our Blog Rooms The Heelis Suite Garden Rooms Manor House Rooms Deluxe Classic Rooms Family Accommodation Food & Wine 1871 Bistro Breakfast Menu Dinner Menu Vegetarian Menu Children's Menu Cheese List Wine List Cocktail Bar Afternoon Tea Luxury Spa Our Spa Day Spa Packages Residential Spa Packages Aqua Thermal Journey Packages Spa Gallery Treatments & Price List Spa Facilities Spa Hotel Rooms & Restaurants Spa Garden Spa Products Gift Vouchers Spa lunch Menu Tariff & Offers Last Minute Breaks Short Break Offers Cycling Breaks Activity Breaks Golf Breaks Romantic Breaks Valentines Breaks Pamper Packages Celebration Packages Leisure Pool & Table Tennis The Hotel Lounge Conservatory Lounge Weddings Wedding Packages Wedding Menus Honeymoons Conferences Meeting Room Layouts Client Comments Corporate Events Conference Tariff The Area Local Attractions Local Activities Golf Courses 101 Things to Do Appleby-in-Westmorland Family Attractions Penrith The Lake District Ullswater Keswick Lake Windermere The Pennines Yorkshire Dales Herriot Country Famous Figures William Wordsworth Beatrix Potter Hadrians Wall Booking Brochure Download Best Rates Guarantee Festive Festive Breaks New Year Breaks New Years Eve Menu Festive Party Nights Christmas Menu Festive Dinners & Lunches 