Arbor House Suites in San Antonio, TX | Your home away from home MAKE A RESERVATION   210-472-2005 Home About Guest Gardens Testimonials Suites Accomodations Special Rates Family Reunion Nearby Places Gallery Contact .primary #widget-header #widget-header this encompasses the entire Web site reserve your stay in history feel at home away from home step back in time just steps from san antonio stay at the doorstep of san antonio built by history furnished with tradition make yourself at home #slider Texas Highways Magazine Feature "While it’s always intriguing to revisit the Texas Star Trail’s “stars,” like the Alamo, I especially liked learning about lesser-known sites on the route, such as a row of homes just south of La Villita on South Presa Street. A surgeon-barber named Richter lived in one of the homes, located strategically by a Spanish acequia that provided leeches for his medical practice. Four frame structures built in 1903 and 1904 by Swiss carpenter Carl Frey now comprise the Arbor House Suites bed and breakfast.". If you want to experience a bit of Texas history, the Arbor House Suites is the place to stay. Located in the heart of city, each guest will feel at home in a privately owned destination within a destination. All guests will be greeted by Owner, Ron Stinson, a member of the San Antonio B&B Assoc., General Manager, Adolph Garcia, Jr. and their attentive staff, who have earned the love and friendship of their guests for over 30 years. end 'with title' Read more end 'button' why arbor house suites? Every stay will stay with you. The Arbor House Suites is not a place, so much as an experience. Our suites are spacious and echo with history and tradition. Sitting rooms and private baths. Intimate balconies, patios and porches. And each suite is celebrated with its own unique décor and namesake in honor of San Antonio's iconic heroes. It’s from such timeless yet equally modern accommodations that San Antonio unfolds before you: both her rich history and her metropolitan energy. Every visit provides another opportunity for a new experience and special memories. Yes, when you stay at Arbor House Suites, a little bit of us is sure to stay with you. Experience its Elegance 360 Virtual Tour Testimonials We enjoyed every minute This is an absolutely beautiful collection of 4 restored 1903 homes located within a... Enjoy San Antonio Enjoy San Antonio at Arbor House and you too will be a repeat customer.... We shall definitely be returning From the moment we arrived we felt like we had known Ron (the owner)... Cozy Elegance Lovely retreat, quiet, relaxing and close to everything. Cozy elegance, Exceed expectations, fabulous value.... Link under post cycle .container #main Home About Suites Nearby Places Gallery Contact Arbor House Suites, 109 Arciniega, San Antonio, Texas 78205 .container this is used by many Wordpress features and for plugins to work proporly 