Home - Astonwood Hotel, Guest House in Llandudno Astonwood Hotel Home Our Rooms Book Online Tariff Dining Local Attractions Theatre More Our Gallery Reviews Special Offers Location Get In Touch Hearty English Breakfast Astonwood Hotel Astonwood Hotel 07707 840319 Welcome A delightful, well appointed Victorian family run B&B situated in the heart of Llandudno. A relaxed friendly atmosphere awaits you. Our comfortable Guest Lounge with views of the Great Orme is a great place to sit and read the morning papers after a hearty English Breakfast. We offer complimentary tea and coffee throughout the day. For your convenience we also offer Free WiFi, small Library, plenty of local information and the B&B is fully equipped with Freeview TV. The Astonwood Hotel is a two minute walk from the magnificent Victorian promenade, pier and beaches with their splendid views of Llandudno Bay and the Great Orme. The tram station, ski slope, cable cars and other attractions of the Great Orme are easily reached from here as are the unique shops in the main shopping area with their striking Victorian facades. We are a 10 minute drive from RSPB Conwy, Conwy Castle and Conwy Town, alternatively within 20 minutes you could be at Surf Snowdonia enjoying the waves and approximately 40 minutes from ZIP World. More locally we are stones throw from the Home Front Experience Museum. Our local Theatre Venue Cmyru is a 15 minute walk away along our beautiful sea front. Treat yourself and come and enjoy this real 'Home from Home' experience. We can guarantee you wont be disappointed. View our Guests comments page and read what enjoyment our guests have already experienced. A Selection Of Our Rooms View All Rooms Twin Room (inc. Breakfast) Flatscreen TV with Freeview Tea, Coffee and Hot Chocolate (Fairtrade) Hairdryer Towels and Toiletries Free Wi-Fi Non Smoking Prices from:  £40.00 Twin Room (inc. Breakfast) Flatscreen TV with Freeview Tea, Coffee and Hot Chocolate (Fairtrade) Hairdryer Towels and Toiletries, Free Wi-Fi Non Smoking Prices from:  £60.00 Single Room (inc. Breakfast) Flatscreen TV with Freeview Tea, Coffee and Hot Chocolate (Fairtrade) Hairdryer Towels and Toiletries Free Wi-Fi Non Smoking Prices from:  £48.00 Home Our Rooms Book Online Tariff Dining Local Attractions Theatre Our Gallery Reviews Special Offers Location Get In Touch Privacy Policy Omitted to say... - 5/5 From the previous review I forgot to write how much a lovely pleasant reception we got from the owner's of this hotel.We felt very welcomed &enjoyed our stay with them. What was so good is that it was so close to the pier &shops &also nice &quietly situated. We highly recommend this hotel &yes! we would certainly stay there again!:-) - Reviewer:Karen M | Wed 3rd Jul 2019 Astonwood Hotel 16 Chapel Street Llandudno LL30 2SY 07707 840319 07707 840319 Email: astonwoodhotel@gmail.com © Copyright 2019 - Hotel Website Powered by Queensborough Group 