ad Imperial Palace Hotel ⋆ Boutique Hotels Thessaloniki Center END: https://wordpress.org/plugins/tracking-code-manager IN HEAD// [if lte IE 9]><link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="https://www.ad-imperial-hotel.gr/wp-content/plugins/js_composer_theme/assets/css/vc_lte_ie9.min.css" media="screen"><![endif] Target for scroll anchors to achieve native browser bahaviour + possible enhancements like smooth scrolling BOOKING CODE AGENT LOGIN HOTEL & FLIGHT BLOG PRACTICAL INFO Languages 简体中文 Türkçe Svenska српски Albanian Русский Română Norsk Nederlands Italiano Ελληνικα Български Français Deutsch Español English +30 2310 508300 Accommodation Bar-Restaurant Conferences Location Facilities Gallery Contact Book Now English Ελληνικα Türkçe српски Русский Albanian Română Български Svenska 简体中文 Nederlands Français Deutsch Italiano Norsk Español OFFERS Accommodation Bar-Restaurant Conferences Location Facilities Gallery Contact Book Now English Ελληνικα Türkçe српски Русский Albanian Română Български Svenska 简体中文 Nederlands Français Deutsch Italiano Norsk Español START REVOLUTION SLIDER 5.4.6.4 fullscreen mode SLIDE MAIN IMAGE LAYERS LAYER NR. 1 Living Experience LAYER NR. 2 in Thessaloniki City Center LAYER NR. 3 Our Rooms LAYER NR. 4 SLIDE MAIN IMAGE LAYERS LAYER NR. 5 Explore Thessaloniki in Summer LAYER NR. 6 with our Exclusive Summer Offer LAYER NR. 7 Check Offers Now LAYER NR. 8 END REVOLUTION SLIDER Welcome to a.d. Imperial Palace 4* Hotel Thessaloniki Center One of the finest Boutique Hotels in Thessaloniki The a.d. Imperial Palace Hotel is a 4* Boutique Hotel located in the center of Thessaloniki, ready to welcome you and offer its services throughout the year. It is a new building in the heart of the city, with neoclassical design and decoration. Thanks to the restored facade, the a.d. Imperial Palace Hotel is a real ornament for the city of Thessaloniki. Undoubtedly it is considered as one of the most ideal accommodation choices in the center of Thessaloniki, as it is appropriate for both business trips and leisure travel, combining the comfort of a cozy hotel and the convenience of direct access to the city center. The hotel is located right in the city center. Parking very close (only a few meters far) The staff was very polite and helpful! Highly recommended hotel. Alina Amsterdam -Nederland Clean, comfortable rooms, nice decoration, very polite staff, good service and pleasant atmosphere .Very good location. Everything nearby. Dorin Berlin- Germany Clean, comfortable and very quiet hotel in the heart of the city centre .Best choice for a business trip. Carla London – Great Britain Nice and cozy rooms all new and renovated, central location, full breakfast buffet with quality and big variety of snacks. Easy parking in the area without charge for your car. The staff polite and willing to help. Krystiana Bucharest -Romania Clean, spacious, modern with very good service in everything. A very honest choice. Sara Budapest-Hungary Comfortable hotel with nice decoration,located in a short distance from the city center. Very helpful staff. Rich and delicious breakfast. Quiet room, although near to a main road. Danette Brussels -Belgium Very nice hotel in a very convenient location (next to cafes, clothing stores, shops, restaurants), helpful staff and big variety at breakfast. Melanie Kiev -Ukraine Nice place, nice personal, good bed Nicollete Vienna -Austria A Special Experience of Accommodation in Thessaloniki The primary aim of the a.d. Imperial Palace Hotel is to offer a unique hospitality experience. Focusing on high standard services and philosophy which is based on personalised services, the a.d. Imperial Palace Hotel provides excellent accommodation to all visitors from the beggining of their stay. Keeping the neoclassical style decorating indoors, the hotel a.d. Imperial Palace fascinates and impresses its guests from the first time, thanks to its elegant and impressive murals, giving the feeling of a unique journey through the history of Thessaloniki. The wonderful rooms of a.d. Imperial Palace Hotel can accommodate 1-3 people in single , double and triple rooms respectively. The a.d. Imperial Palace is one of the few City Hotels which have two bedroom family rooms , where a 4-member family can stay comfortably. For the most demanding visitors, there are two luxury suites, the suite “Harmony” and the suite “Aphrodite” on the rooftop of the a.d. Imperial Palace Hotel. Furthermore, in the a.d. Imperial Palace Hotel there is a bar-restaurant , where guests can enjoy a coffee or a drink and taste exquisite local dishes at the restaurant (breakfast buffet). The a.d. Imperial Palace Hotel is located in a priviliged place in the heart of the commercial and business center of Thessaloniki , within walking distance from Aristotelous Square and the famous area of “Ladadika” .  It is also close enough to “Helexpo” exhibition center, the Congress Centre “I. Vellidis” and the port of Thessaloniki Port . Last 90-days Guests Review Score 0 Booking.com 0 Hrs.com 0 Trivago.com 0 Tripadvisor.com 0 Google.com 0 Kayak.com Meetings Rooms & Events in Thessaloniki The a.d. Imperial Palace Hotel is one of the few hotels in the center of Thessaloniki with two (2) fully equipped conference rooms with a maximum capacity of one hundred and eighty (180) people each. In a.d. hotel Imperial Palace any conference , seminar, lecture or sampling may be organized with great success. Guarded Parking in Thessaloniki City Center Hotel In 50 meters from the hotel a.d. Imperial Palace there is a cooperating closed guarded Parking , 24 hour operating, where there is available parking, which always serves our customers in preferential prices. The visitors of the hotel website can take advantage of the relevant offers . Would you like to download our free Thessaloniki Tourist Guide? I have read and accept the privacy policy. [rating2 ][/rating2] a.d. Imperial Palace Hotels Thessaloniki Center 4* Stars - 13 Antigonidon Str, 546 30 ,Thessaloniki, Greece © Copyright 2016 a.d. Imperial Palace Hotels Thessaloniki Center 4* Stars MHTE G.N.T.O Reg. No:0933K064A0714100 - Developed by Web Design The Webians BEGIN: TRACKING CODE MANAGER BY INTELLYWP.COM IN BODY// END: https://wordpress.org/plugins/tracking-code-manager IN BODY// x We use cookies to give you the best online experience. By agreeing you accept the use of cookies in accordance with our cookie policy. I accept Learn More about our Cookie Policy 