Alpine Rivers Inn | Hotels in Leavenworth, WA Google Tag Manager (noscript) End Google Tag Manager (noscript) TOP book now Home Rooms Amenities Leavenworth Winter Activities Summer Activities Blog Gallery FAQs Contact Hotel Policies Tap to call Have Questions? Need Personalized Service? Call Us At 1-800-873-3960 Book a Room Home Rooms Amenities Leavenworth Winter Activities Summer Activities Blog Offers Gallery FAQ s Contact Hotel Policies Book a Room home Alpine Rivers Inn Your Riverfront Leavenworth Getaway Learn More Book now Ten Minutes Walk from the Bavarian Village Center Learn More Book now ------------------------mobile slider-------------------------------- ------------------------mobile slider-------------------------------- X Book a Room Herzlich Willkommen to Alpine Rivers Inn A Beautiful River Escape just Minutes From Downtown Looking out your guestroom balcony at the ever-changing dynamic river, the rich green trees that line the river banks, the clear skies and inhaling the crisp alpine air, you might just be tempted to believe you’re tucked away deep in the forest. Positioned on the bank of the Wenatchee River just blocks from a vibrant downtown shopping, dining and entertainment scene, the Alpine Rivers Inn has everything guests need for a relaxing stay in the Bavarian -style village of Leavenworth, Washington. If you are looking for Leavenworth WA hotels that offer hospitality excellence, relaxation, romance and stunning riverfront location-the Alpine Rivers inn is the perfect choice every time, we welcome you and extend our warmest greeting. Offering updated accommodations with elegant decor and convenient amenities, including complimentary high-speed Wi-Fi, Keurig coffee makers, micro-fridge and flat-screen TVs - the Alpine Rivers Inn hopes to become your newest home away from home in Leavenworth, WA. When it comes to a hotel with swimming pool or a hotel with hot tub in Leavenworth, our inn has it all. Start your day with a delicious complimentary breakfast served daily in the Bavarian style breakfast room or take a refreshing dip in our seasonal 8 feet deep outdoor swimming pool, explore the village of Leavenworth and end the day with a soothing hot soak in the year-round outdoor hot tub. Whether you are looking for a romantic escape or travelling with the whole family, Alpine river Inn is the ideal lodging choice in the Leavenworth area. Our relaxing riverfront getaway will provide you with easy access to experience the hustle and bustle of the downtown area and the serenity of the riverfront location to experience peace and relaxation. Plan your trip soon and come stay with us - book online today! OUR BEST AT A GLANCE River-Facing Balconies Complimentary Hot Breakfast Complimentary High-Speed Wi-Fi Keurig Coffee Maker In All Rooms Less Than Ten-Minute Drive to Leavenworth Ski Hill Family Suites Available Friendly Knowledgeable Staff Seasonal Heated Outdoor Pool and year-around Hot Tub Free Parking Available Alpine Views and Bavarian Style Decor Ten-Minute Walk to Bavarian Village Center Mini-Fridges and Microwaves In Every Room Learn More BOOKING DIRECT BENEFITS Book Direct and Save Flexibility For Reservation Changes Book Now, Pay Later Get The Best Rate - Guaranteed No Booking Modification Fees, Ever Most Accurate Up-To-Date Hotel Information No Disappointment For Booking Incorrect Rooms Special Group Rates Available No Hidden Fees No Advance Payment For Most Reservations Exclusive Discounts & Promotions Learn More Park-Inspired Grounds RIVERFRONT LOCATION Our breathtaking riverfront location along the banks of the Wenatchee River and stunning balcony views speak for themselves. Marvel in the awe-inspiring natural beauty of Leavenworth, listen to the soothing sounds of the river from your balcony and enjoy a serene ambiance unlike any other. Learn More OUR ROOMS WITH RIVERFRONT PRIVATE BALCONIES OUR ROOMS WITH RIVERFRONT PRIVATE BALCONIES Our spacious rooms and family suites offer deluxe amenities including high-speed Wi-Fi, flat-screen TVs, mini-fridges, Keurig coffee makers and more. After a long day of exploring, sit back with a glass of wine on your private balcony and feel the magic of the river flowing below. *Please note, our Family Suites have shared walkways instead of private balconies. Learn More COMPLIMENTARY BREAKFAST As a guest of the Alpine Rivers Inn, you can relax and enjoy our complimentary hot buffet breakfast includes items such as meats, fresh baked pastries, cereals, fresh fruit, juice, freshly brewed Seattle’s best coffee and a variety of tasty breakfast selections. Our breakfast room was created in the European tradition and it offers beautiful views of the mountains, the Wenatchee River and if you are lucky, the marmot family that lives on the hillside next door. We also offer trays, so you may return to your guestroom and enjoy your breakfast on your private balcony overlooking the river. Breakfast buffet time is 7:30 to 9:30am daily. Learn More UPCOMING EVENTS UPCOMING EVENTS Leavenworth, Washington has a variety of events, festivals and outdoor seasonal activities to participate in. Leavenworth, Washington has a variety of events, festivals and outdoor seasonal activities to participate in. Don't miss out on exciting events such as Oktoberfest, IceFest, Maifest and the Autumn Leaf Festival. Our staff will always let you know what's happening in the local area and you can always check out our hotel blog for upcoming events. Learn More OFFERS & SPECIALS OFFERS & SPECIALS The Alpine Rivers Inn has special offers and hot deals on accommodation throughout the year. Book directly online The Alpine Rivers Inn has special offers and hot deals on accommodation throughout the year. Book directly online or give us a call to find out about our affordable nightly rates. Learn More POOL & HOT TUB POOL & HOT TUB Take a rejuvenating dip in our seasonal 8 feet deep seasonal heated outdoor pool and soak tired muscles in the year-around hot tub after a long day Take a rejuvenating dip in our seasonal 8 feet deep seasonal heated outdoor pool and soak tired muscles in the year-around hot tub after a long day of exploring Leavenworth, Washington. We want you to enjoy every day of your stay here to the fullest! Learn More Reviews RIVERFRONT RETREAT "On the edge of town, Alpine Rivers Inn offers a quiet retreat within easy walking distance of town. All rooms have a river view, and the breakfast is exceptional with a good selection of hot and cold items. The staff is very friendly and accommodating and the pool was a great place to cool off on a hot day. We will stay here the next time we are in Leavenworth. The beds are so comfortable. I slept great which doesn't usually happen in a motel bed. It was very quiet too. The hot tub is also a nice addition. We took advantage of it after dinner in town. The woman that checked us in brought us pool towels because we had forgotten ours in our room. The service was fantastic! The most enjoyable part for me was having tasty French toast coffee on the balcony while watching the river. I was even lucky enough to see an eagle. It was a great experience at the Alpine Rivers Inn.”   PERFECT BALANCE OF SCENERY, QUIET AND LOCATION "We were very pleased with our entire experience at the Alpine Rivers Inn. We had a terrible experience at the nearby Wedge Mountain Inn, and were fortunate to get a cancellation room on Labor Day Weekend. The price was very reasonable for a fully booked hotel last minute on a holiday weekend. The room was comfortable and classily Bavarian without being over the top. The air conditioner worked very well on a hot day and there were nice amenities such as a Keurig machine and refrigerator. The bedding was extremely comfortable, very clean, and well-maintained. The highlight of the room was the private deck with a view over the beautiful river. Staff were very nice and helpful, and the full breakfast was just right with hot items such as biscuits and gravy, very good oatmeal, or just a sweet roll and their very good coffee. Highly recommended.”   GREAT VIEW OF THE RIVER "This is our second stay at the Alpine Rivers Inn. It is a wonderful place to stay. Very clean, great view of the river and quiet!! Beds are comfy and I love having an armchair to sit in while watching TV. Having breakfast on-site is a plus too. It varies from day to day but while we were there, we had biscuits and gravy, sausage and potatoes. They also have a variety of sweets, yogurt, fresh fruit, etc. Couldn't ask for nicer people!!”   WONDERFUL AMENITIES - STAYED TWO NIGHTS AT THE ALPINE RIVERS INN "I really liked all the amenities. Every morning was a great breakfast that was complimentary. We ate boiled eggs, tasty sausage links, potatoes, oatmeal, pastries, juice, and coffee. There is even more than that. The inn was next to the Wenatchee River which was very peaceful and pleasant, and I could see the river from my room. I also enjoyed the hot tub and swimming pool. Even though I went there in October, the pool was warm and refreshing. It was fun to top off the swimming with the hot tub and the water jets blowing in the water. It was a pleasant Saturday afternoon and the air was crisp as I enjoyed the water. Only an easy 10-minute walk to downtown Leavenworth and the Oktoberfest tents. All of the staff was friendly and helpful.”   A NIGHT TO REMEMBER "The property is on the edge of town and easy walking distance to downtown. The private balcony overlooking the Wenatchee River was amazing, peaceful, and romantic. The room was very comfortable. The staff was kind, helpful, and very professional always. The pool was awesome, even eight-feet deep - I love deep pools. The spa was nice, a tad on the cool side, but still great. The breakfast, very nice dining area, great food, well presented. For what I paid, I got great value. We will always consider Alpine Rivers Inn in the future.”   Sign Up for Emails Get the latest offers from ALPINE RIVERS INN Submit ALPINE RIVERS INN 1505 Alpensee Strasse Leavenworth, Washington  98826 Local Phone: 509-548-8888 Toll-Free: 1-800-873-3960 Fax: 509-548-7254 Email: info@alpineriversinn.com Follow Us book now Get directions Contact us Tap to call Home Rooms Amenities Leavenworth Winter Activities Summer Activities Blog Offers Gallery faq s Contact Hotel Policies Sitemap Privacy Policy Copyright © . ALPINE RIVERS INN, Leavenworth Washington. All rights reserved. Hotel Internet Marketing by Digital Hospitality 