Algarve Villa and Apartment Rental. Self Catering Holiday Rentals in Portugal | Algarve-Rentals.com Advertise Your Property Home Algarve Villas Algarve Car Hire Faro Airport Transfers Advertise Contact Us Algarve B&Bs Advertise Your Property Add your Algarve villa or apartment Algarve Car Hire Faro Airport Transfers Quick Finder Do you know the property ID No.? Got a Question? Algarve Weather Currently in the Algarve it's Our owners and agents have a wide range of self catering rental accommodation right across the Algarve. You'll be spoiled for choice, with apartments, cottages, villas & townhouses.  From the marina town of Lagos & the west Algarve villages such as Burgau and Salema, to the central beach resorts like Albufeira, Carvoeiro, Alvor, Vilamoura & Vale do Lobo, over to Monte Gordo in the eastern Algarve...they're all here. We're Algarve specialists. First as visitors, then owners and agents, we've been renting Algarve self catering accommodation since 1998. Recently we've expanded to meet demand and now private owners and other agents can list, giving the holidaymaker to Portugal even more choice, an easy way to book & we're just at the end of the phone, on email or Facebook.   And don't forget the Algarve has lots more to boast about than its stunning beaches - inland is equally beautiful with market towns full of character and sleepy villages with stunning views.   Try plac es like Silves, Monchique, Santa Barbara..use the map to explore. So if you want to book a holiday or  add your apartment, villa or B&B  start browsing now. LEAVE THE CROWDS BEHIND - GO WEST!   As thoughts turn to your 2019 self-catering holidays in the Algarve then why not think 'west'? So many of our guests come back year after year to the same place, as familiarity is always a comfort.  But we all know that every part of the Algarve is stunning, so perhaps it's time for a change. If you've not yet tried it why not head over to the west coast for your next apartment or villa in Portugal? The scenery is stunning, the waves are bigger and you've got a chance round every corner to escape the crowds. Why not check it out? *The beach above is Praia do Amado at Carrapateira. ADVERTISE YOUR RENTAL ACCOMMODATION TODAY A 1 year listing is between only  £80 & £120 per property NO COMMISSION - ALL ENQUIRIES GO DIRECTLY TO YOU If you have just 1 Algarve rental property the yearly price to advertise - with all enquiries going directly to you - is  £120  per property If you have 2, 3 or 4 properties these will be only £100 each..that's for a full year remember, and no commission From 5-9 properties will be just £90 for each property per year And if you're an agent or owner with 10 or more apartments and villas you can list with a big discount... only £80  per property for a 12 month listing. REMEMBER - en q uiries will come direct to you and you can keep your page updated with videos, calendar, new photographs & client testimonials at any time . REMEMBER -  we only advertise properties in the Algarve - so everyone who comes to the site is a potential customer. REMEMBER   - we have been established online since 1998 and rank high in all main search engines for the popular Algarve search terms - clients will find you on Algarve-Rentals.com ADD YOUR ALGARVE APARTMENT, VILLA OR BED & BREAKFAST NOW Holiday Villas in Albufeira - THINK BIG!! Self-catering villas in the Algarve for your STAG or HEN PARTY If you're planning a wedding then chances are you're also wondering what to do about the now obligatory HEN or STAG 'DO'. Not easy, is it?  But choose Albufeira in the Algarve for your big group party and we'll sort out your accommodation & transfers. There are very few private holiday villas large enough to sleep (you might sleep at some point!!) a group of around 20  - 25 guests and even fewer that are prepared to turn their accommodation over to a stag or hen group. But we have the solution in the form of a few VERY LARGE self-catering holiday villas in the Algarve's party town of Albufeira.  Each villa has its own pool and and is within walking distance of Albufeira's famous STRIP. Why not start by having a look at  one of the villas   and then talk to us about booking. You will have to reserve early however as the popular weekends can be booked as much as 18 months in advance. Focus on..... ALBUFEIRA Every now and then we like to highlight different properties or resorts in the Algarve.   This time it's ALBUFEIRA, the  perennial favourite with guests from all over Europe who make the Algarve one of the top holiday destinations every year... definitely something for everyone. There's sun ( goes without saying! ), sea, golden sandy beaches, great food, excellent shops, entertainment for all the family, water sports, great travel links and all only 30 minutes from Faro Airport. Families love it because there's no need to hire a car.  Being so near the airport transfer costs are low.  When you walk out of your apartment or villa you'll usually only have a few minutes walk to find a cafe or restaurant, and many are just steps from the beach. We've got every type of holiday accommodation in Albufeira you can think of :  studio apartments for one or two guests,  ever popular 1 & 2 bedroom family size apartments,  3 & 4 bedroom villas for those who like a private pool ...a nd then there are the massive villas sleeping as many as 20+ guests - perfect for the big group weekends.  Some of very large villas welcome Stag and Hen parties for weekends. Find the right one for you now by clicking on the Albufeira links and searching now! Don't Delay - Book Today! Larger family and group sized villas  book up early for summer and the peak holiday weeks - especially in the Albufeira area.  So don't miss out.  Plan ahead and reserve your holiday property now for next year. You won't need to pay it all up front - usually a 30 per cent deposit will be enough. We're already running out of apartments and villas for the peak weeks, so don't leave it any longer. Hire cars are always in short supply during the summer season in the Algarve, in fact many companies run out of cars altogether during late July and throughout August.  Many people don't find this out until it's too late and they either miss out or pay a huge premium price to one of the multinational firms. Book now - see our car hire page .  We have no hidden extras and there's no reservation fee plus a credit card is not necessarily required. Find Holiday Accommodation in the Algarve Do you know your Property ID No.?   West, Central or East Algarve? All Regions Eastern Algarve Central Algarve Western Algarve Which Town or Resort Area do you prefer? All Areas What type of property are you looking for? Any Property Type Villa / Townhouse / Cottage Apartment Bed & Breakfast How many Bedrooms? Any Number Studio 1 Bedroom 2 Bedrooms 3 Bedrooms 4 Bedrooms 5+ Bedrooms Your Arrival Date Your Departure Date   Algarve Map Select to Display Accommodation West Algarve Central Algarve East Algarve Burgau Lagos & Area Praia da Luz Salema All areas of Western Algarve Albufeira & Area Carvoeiro Galé / São Rafael & Nearby Beach Areas Silves All areas of Central Algarve Quinta do Lago / Vale do Lobo Area All areas of Eastern Algarve CAR HIRE - NO CREDIT CARD Yes, that's right...you can book a rental car or minibus with us from Faro Airport and you don't have to use your credit card for payment. You will have to leave your cc details for a security deposit authorisation - see car hire page for details. Book as soon as flights are confirmed. No deposit No cancellation charge No need to book accommodation FARO AIRPORT PRIVATE TRANSFERS We don't do sharing We don't make you pay up front We don't charge if you cancel up to 24 hours before We don't charge for child seats and boosters We don't use out of date cars and vans We DO offer a service you'll find hard to beat Reserve Your Algarve Airport Transfer Apartment of the Month This lovely Albufeira 2 bedroom apartment is just what families want to be when they visit the Algarve for a self-catering holiday. Good accommodation with wifi and air con... bar, games and entertainment for all the family on site ... an easy walk to fun and nightlife. Sleeping up to 4 adults and two young children this could be what you're looking for.     Have you enjoyed your holiday with Algarve-Rentals.com?   Then post your favourite photo from your Algarve holiday on our Facebook site and please also take the time to write a testimonial for the property you stayed in.   Keep up to date with us on Facebook and please don't forget to 'Like Us' Beach Gems 2 Recipe: A few sardines, a bottle of plonk and some sticks of driftwood.   Method: make a small fire, cook sardines, open the wine and enjoy! One of our clients sent us this pic, which was taken on the beach at Salema .   You can practically smell those sardines!   Popular Locations Popular Locations Eastern Algarve Central Algarve Western Algarve © 2019 Algarve-Rentals.com Ltd The Algarve-Rentals.com site is owned and operated by Algarve-Rentals.com Ltd. Registered in Edinburgh, Scotland. Company Registration No. 321930 Registered office: 20 Barnton Street, Stirling, Stirlingshire FK8 1NE, United Kingdom. 