Steeles Tavern Manor: Bed and Breakfast & Cabins in Shenandoah Valley VA July mid-week special... Check in Sunday-Thursday and receive 2 free wine tastings at Rockbridge Vineyard Book Now! Call (540) 377-9494 for Assistance #header-left Check Availability #header #header-outer Menu .toggleMenu Main menu Skip to primary content Rooms & Cabins Guest Rooms View All Accommodations Manor Guest Rooms Cabernet Franc Room Viognier Room Norton Room Petite Verdot Suite Chardonnay Suite Cabins Ivy Cabin Sunset Cabin Pond View Cabin Amenities Policies Check Availability Book Now Gift Certificates About Us Manor History Breakfast Photo Gallery Blog Find Us Map Directions Contact Us Packages Explore the Valley Things to Do Dining, Wineries, Breweries Outdoor Adventure History, Sights, More Book Now Lime Kiln Package #responsive_menu #nav-wrapper #header-img-wrapper Check In: Check Out: Check Availability #header-img-wrapper-outer Rooms and Cabins Guest Reviews Explore the Valley A Shenandoah Valley Bed and Breakfast Steeles Tavern Manor is “In the Middle of it All” Tucked into the foothills of the Blue Ridge Mountains in Virginia lies Steeles Tavern Manor, a Shenandoah Valley bed and breakfast and cabin rental. We invite you to our property located on 50 picturesque acres in a peaceful setting with a spring-fed pond, walking grounds, meandering creek, in-ground swimming pool, and mountain views. Ideally situated between the country’s “Best Small Towns” of Staunton and Lexington, guests can visit many attractions within twenty to thirty miles of our property.  Steeles Tavern Manor is in the middle of it all! The Manor . Our 1916 built Virginian Manor has been converted to a lovely Bed & Breakfast with modern amenities . The Manor offers five spacious guest rooms and suites with gas or electric fireplaces, private en-suite baths with double Jacuzzi tubs or large walk-in showers and modern amenities. Start your day with our early morning coffee or tea before enjoying our three-course, first-class plated breakfasts made with many local ingredients. Cabins. For the ultimate in privacy, our three Shenandoah Valley cabins are romantic retreats. Each spacious cabin has cathedral ceilings and pine walls and ceilings that give it a cozy, comfortable feeling as soon as you walk through the door. Outdoor hot tubs on private decks, double Jacuzzi tubs in the bathrooms, gas fireplaces, Wi-Fi, flat-screen TVs with Direct TV service, full kitchens, and gas grills are a few of the amenities we offer. After your day’s activities , please join us at 5:30pm for our daily Social Hour to enjoy a complimentary glass of Virginia wine or local beer and a light appetizer. Share the experiences of your day with us and the other guests. Top the evening off with dinner at one of the many fine restaurants just minutes away in Lexington or Staunton. We can help with making recommendations or reservations at any restaurants in our area. As a Select Registry property you can rest assured that no detail is overlooked.  While each property is as unique as your own individual tastes, all properties that carry the Select Registry brand share common values, such as quality, authenticity and community. Each one has passed the most comprehensive quality inspection in the industry. Trey and Dana Tumminello are the owners/innkeepers and live on site overseeing every detail of your visit. At Steeles Tavern Manor our goal is to provide an exceptional Shenandoah Valley experience for our guests. Read More Explore the Valley Get Details The Best Meal of the Day Get Details That Something Extra Get Details The History of Us Get Details Steeles Tavern Manor – In the Middle of it All #main Keep Updated Sign up for our newsletter for current info on everything going on at STM Sign Up Now Read our Recent Posts Shenandoah Valley is Alive with ... There are lots of opportunities to enjoy live music here in the Shenandoah Valley. In our May blog, we gave you... Read more Rockbridge Vineyard Celebrates 2... Our closest Virginia Winery will host a “Summer Breeze Wine Festival” on Saturday, July 13th, from noon to... Read more Summer time in the Shenandoah Va... Your summer getaway to Steeles Tavern Manor B&B can include an opportunity to relax and “chill” in the... Read more Steeles Tavern Manor 8400 North Lee Hwy Steeles Tavern, VA 24476 Phone: (540) 377-9494 https://www.steelestavern.com/   stay@steelestavern.com Latitude: 37.9237748 Longitude: -79.2058275 .social_buttons_row .itemrow #site-generator #colophon #footer-mid #footer-outer © Steeles Tavern Manor 2019. All Rights Reserved 2019. Website Design and Marketing by Acorn Internet Services, Inc . Accessibility Statement | Privacy Policy | Site Map #page 