Atlantic Oceanfront Hotel - Wells Beach Maine Oceanfront Hotel Google Tag Manager (noscript) End Google Tag Manager (noscript) Skip to primary navigation Skip to content CALL US 207-646-7061 Book Now Atlantic Oceanfront Motel Just another WordPress site Home About us Rooms Virtual Tour Policies Testimonials Southern Maine Coast Things to Do Well’s Area Dining Weather & Tide Charts Directions – Contact Info Sitemap Rooms House Rentals Atlantic Beach House Ogunquit Grasshopper House Gallery Virtual Tour Contact CALL US 207-646-7061 Book Now Slider section starts Fullwidth Slider main-carousel <div class="slider-btn-group"> <a class="btn" target="_blank" href=" "></a> <a class="btn" target="_blank" href=" "></a> </div> end-main-carousel End Fullwidth Slider Book direct with us for the best prices! Mailchimp for WordPress v4.5.2 - https://wordpress.org/plugins/mailchimp-for-wp/ Sign Up for our Enewsletter Leave this field empty if you're human: / Mailchimp for WordPress Plugin Slider section Ends front-page-1.widget-area Directly on the Beach Beautiful Location The Atlantic Oceanfront Motel offers Wells Beach Maine's best oceanfront lodging. Watch the sunrise over the Atlantic Ocean, without ever leaving the comfort of your bed. Enjoy spectacular ocean vistas from your own private balcony, cool-off in the outdoor pool or relax on 7-miles of sandy beach. Spacious wonderfully appointed guest rooms and suites with air-conditioning, balconies and more. The Inn is located on a beautiful stretch of beach and Maine coastline where you can enjoy a real Maine Coast vacation on miles of gorgeous sandy beach. Enjoy swimming all day, take a seaside walk at night and sleep with the sound of the surf outside your window. If you're an early riser, a spectacular sunrise and a quiet walk on the beach is an invigorating start to your day. We are sure that you will find fantastic treasures on this vacation getaway. Take a Virtual Tour Use this format for each section front-page-1.widget-area front-page-2.widget-area Perfect Comfort Rooms and Amenities The Atlantic Oceanfront Motel has five different types of rooms to choose from, all of them with Air-Conditioning, Refrigerator, Microwave, Hair Dryers, Irons, HBO, 32" Flat Screen TV, wireless Internet access (Free) and best of all… an amazing Ocean View from almost every room! We offer free WiFi Internet Access. We also offer complimentary fitness passes to a nearby fitness club for our registered guests. All Rooms, Balconies and Pool Area are 100% Smoke Free. Smoking is permitted in designated areas only. View Room Types Use this format for each section front-page-2.widget-area front-page-3.widget-area House Rentals We manage two beach house rentals in the Southern Maine area. The six bedroom/7 bath Atlantic Beach House is located just across the street from the Atlantic Oceanfront Motel. Atlantic House guests enjoy pool access at the Motel. The Atlantic House can be rented as a 2 bedroom, a 4 bedroom or the entire house as a 6 bedrooms depending on your needs. The 3 bedroom/3 bath Ogunquit Grasshopper House is located in the neighboring town of Ogunquit and is just steps from the beach. Both homes have been recently renovated, offer full kitchens, smart TV's and much more. They are both perfect for your beachfront Atlantic Beach House Ogunquit Grasshopper House Use this format for each section front-page-3.widget-area front-page-4.widget-area Use this format for each section It is the cleanest well maintained Motel I have been to. My family and I have been going to the Atlantic for more than 20 years. It is the cleanest well maintained Motel I have been to. The atmosphere is family oriented as a wonderful family owns it. We look forward Debbie, WalthamMassachusetts Learn More The location can’t be beat! Right on the beach… My husband and I love the Atlantic Oceanfront Motel (Formerly Atlantic Motor Inn). It has become our “Home Away from Home”. We visit at least 4-6 times per year and have been doing so for close to a dozen years. Chris and MikePlainville, CT Learn More the most cherished, relaxing vacations we have enjoyed anywhere Our stays over the years at the Atlantic Oceanfront Motel have been the most cherished, relaxing vacations we have enjoyed anywhere. The facilities, location, and the friendly and helpful staff keep us coming back to our favorite home away from Paul and KimberleeQueensbury, NY Learn More You simply can’t beat the Atlantic Oceanfront Motel We got engaged on the beautiful beach in front of the Atlantic Oceanfront Motel 15 years ago and have been returning every year since! You simply can’t beat the Atlantic Oceanfront Motel – the hospitality, super clean and spacious rooms Mike and ColleenLeominster, MA Learn More We wouldn’t think of staying anywhere else We have been repeat customers for approximately 10 years now! We wouldn’t think of staying anywhere else. There have never been any of the usual hotel worries, and it is so nice to go somewhere where the staff knows your Pat & BelindaPalmer, Massachusetts Learn More The ocean views are magnificent and the beach is literally outside your door. We have been staying exclusively at the Atlantic Motor Inn on Wells Beach for two weeks almost every summer for the past 21 years! Coincidentally this is approximately the same time period that the Bolduc family has owned the motel. Bonnie and GarfieldPittsfield, MA Learn More It’s like going home We’ve been staying at the Atlantic Oceanfront Motel for a few weeks every summer for quite a few years now, and the best thing that we can say about the experience is: ‘It’s like going home’. We look forward to, Karen and RonToronto, Ontario, Canada Learn More The host and hostess , the best, the staff friendly and helpful How could I refuse after so many wonderful years of vacations with you and your family. Being right on the beach is great, the sound of the waves at night is beautiful. The host and hostess , the best, the RuthIra, VT Learn More This will be our tenth consecutive year My entire family (4 rooms) will be staying at the Atlantic Oceanfront Motel once again this August. This will be our tenth consecutive year in doing so and, as such, is testimony in itself of how much we have enjoyed RonSouthington, CT Learn More The Atlantic Oceanfront Motel and Wells Beach are where memories are made. Surf, sun, and sea …. the way life should be! The Atlantic Oceanfront Motel and Wells Beach are where memories are made. We keep coming back after 27 years. Bob and MariaOhio, NY Learn More The beach is beautiful and the ocean front units overlook the ocean. We have stayed at the Atlantic Motor Inn, now the Atlantic Oceanfront Motel, for the past eight or nine years, spending about eight nights there per year in an oceanfront room. Kevin and Deidre Bolduc, the owners, and Kevin’s parents KayBurlington, VT Learn More The motel is close to shops, stores, and the best restaurants in Wells. We have been staying at the Atlantic Oceanfront Motel for 20 years. We would not stay any place else in Maine. The motel is very clean and extremely family oriented. Kevin and Deidre are wonderful hosts and they are there Heidi and RandySaratoga, New York Learn More The accommodations are superb! We have been vacationing at the Atlantic Oceanfront Motel for over 20 years. The accommodations are superb! The staff are always helpful, friendly and attentive. ArtSherrill, NY Learn More Each year my family and I appreciate the warm, welcoming environment This coming June will be my 12th annual summer visit to your lovely motel. Each year my family and I appreciate the warm, welcoming environment that you provide. In addition, we look forward to knowing that the rooms are always KathyBennington, VT Learn More We highly recommend this motel. Love, love, the Atlantic Oceanfront Motel. Rooms are very clean, comfortable, homey, quiet and you cannot beat the fantastic view of facing the ocean. Kevin, Deidre and staff are like family We look forward to visiting with them as well John and Linda GariepyNewport, Vermont Learn More It is now a tradition I come to Atlantic Motor Inn every summer with my family since over than 10 years. It is now a tradition. The owners are very nice and make us feel very comfortable. Summer after summer, we recognize some people and Caroline Dupuis (or Rochon family)Montreal, QC, Canada Learn More When you are there you feel like family! When you are there you feel like family! Your wish is what they want to make happen. Kevin and Deidre are always trying to make everything better, even though it is always soooo good there and excellently maintained from year CarolynAuburn, MA Learn More Contact Us Chimpmail extension by Renzo Johnson 37 Atlantic Ave Wells Beach, Maine 04090 Phone: 207-646-7061 © 2019 Atlantic ocean front motel. All rights reserved. Site Design by VisitMaine . Hosting by Bofilltech . Previous Next Close Test Caption Test Description goes like this [if lte IE 9]> <script type='text/javascript' src='https://atlanticoceanfrontmotel.com/wp-content/plugins/mailchimp-for-wp/assets/js/third-party/placeholders.min.js?ver=4.5.2'></script> <![endif] 