Apple Valley Farm Motorcoach Resort – The memories are yours to keep! Skip to content Apple Valley Farm Motorcoach Resort The memories are yours to keep! .site-title-wrapper #menu-toggle Home Rentals Ownership Gallery Owners’ Portal Contact Us #site-navigation Home .entry-header .page-title-container #masthead Our Resort Apple Valley Farm is located in the heart of the Rumbling Bald Resort at Lake Lure, NC.  For those who like a variety of activities, you will find a great assortment here.  Whether you are an outdoors person, a golfer, a creative individual, a shopper or someone just wanting to relax, no place is more pastoral and serene! Rentals Selected lots within Apple Valley Farm are available for rent. Rentals have complete privileges at our Rumbling Bald Resort partner. Click here to Learn More Ownership A small number of lots are available in this completely developed resort.  Some lots have an attractive cedar gazebo and some have a deck made of Fiberon. Many lots have beautiful stonework and extensive landscaping. Large common areas are available for all to enjoy Learn More About Rumbling Bald Resort AVF  has partnered with our neighbor, Rumbling Bald Resort, to offer a unique RV-ing experience. Nestled on the north shore of beautiful Lake Lure in the foothills of western North Carolina sits an escape, Rumbling Bald Resort. Surrounded by the towering cliffs of Rumbling Bald Mountain, the 3,000+ acre property is home to a private white sand beach, water park, three distinct dining experiences and numerous hiking and biking trails, all tailored for relaxation in an  authentic mountain getaway. Two championship golf courses weave themselves through the property and are specifically manicured for world-class play.      The memories are yours to keep. .page-content #post-## #main #primary #content Contact Reservations FrontDesk@RumblingBald.com 800-260-1040 959 Buffalo Creek Road Lake Lure NC 28746 .site-footer-inner #colophon Home Rentals Ownership Gallery Owners’ Portal Contact Us .footer-menu Home Rentals Ownership Gallery Owners’ Portal Contact Us .social-menu Copyright © 2019 Apple Valley Farm Motorcoach Resort — Lyrical WordPress theme by GoDaddy .site-info-inner .site-info .site-info-wrapper #page 