Premium London Holiday Apartments – A Place Like Home 0 Toggle navigation Short Term Rentals in London Blog About us Book an Apartment 25 years of bespoke short term rental services in the Capital. 24,000 bookings Since 1990, we have helped more than 50,000 people create beautiful London memories. A team of 10 We are a small but dedicated team which ensures a personal touch in everything that we do. 27 years of premium vacation rental services in Central London Search Make an Enquiry Quick Search 1 Guest 2 Guests 3 Guests 4 Guests 5 Guests 6 Guests 7 Guests 8 Guests 9 Guests 10 Guests Exceptional Holiday Apartments  Whatever the purpose of visiting London, a perfect travel experience would not be complete without a first rate stay. This is why we offer high-quality holiday apartments and London short term lets situated in Chelsea , South Kensington , Knightsbridge , Notting Hill ,  Kensington and other prime locations in Central London; vacation rentals that tick all the boxes:    Personal meet and greet to help you get settled in Luxurious towels and linens, delivered weekly for your comfort Full cleaning and professional preparation for your arrival Pick up and drop off to the airport on request Someone on the end of the phone to answer all of your questions An experienced team of professionals happy to assist with any queries that you have      What Our Visitors Are Saying About Us Trustpilot   Read more   Recently Added Holiday Apartments in Central London South Kensington Sleeps 2 i Chelsea Sleeps 4 i Knightsbridge Sleeps 3 i Pimlico Sleeps 5 i How It Works Where would I be staying? Most of our vacation rentals are owners' own homes with all the warmth, detail and amenities of a real home, located close to the “tube”, shops and local entertainment. More What other "extra" services do you provide? Transfers to and from airports. Private car and sight seeing tours. Interim Cleaning (this may be included in your rental depending on the property). More What do I do next? Let us know the dates of your trip, how many people are in your party, how many bedrooms you will need and if anybody is under 12 years old and we will get back to you immediately.  More How do I book / pay? Easy... Email or telephone us and once we have confirmed your choice we will email you an invoice and booking form.  More What happens when I arrive? One of our representatives will meet you between the hours of 8am - 4.30pm (weekdays) and 9am - 4.30pm (weekends), show you around and hand you the keys of your home rental. More Departures One of our representatives will meet you at the property and collect the keys. Check out time is 10.30am. Extensions on this time maybe available by special request only. More Meet The Booking Team Nick Brandler Edward Douglas-Pennant Lisa Part Luisa Tulloch Read more   Policies Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Disclaimer   Stay in the loop               About us About the company How it works What people say about us Meet the team List your home with us       Types of Holiday Apartments Vacation Rentals in Central London Serviced Holiday Rentals     Holiday Rentals in Prime Areas of London Self Catering Apartments in Chelsea Short Term Lets in South Kensington Holiday Rentals in Knightsbridge Vacation Apartments in Notting Hill Short Term Flats in Kensington Holiday Flats in Fulham Get In Touch   +44 (0)20 7228 4668   [email protected]   +44 (0)20 7738 1626 A Place Like Home Ltd 8.2 Coda Studios 189 Munster Road Fulham London SW6 6AW Company Reg No: 11561331   Copyright © A Place Like Home 2019 | LONDON HOLIDAY LETS & SHORT-TERM RENTALS. modal content goes here Close 