Amorgos Hotels Alexandros Studios Rooms for rent Katapola Reservations Contact Home Studios & Rooms Location Amorgos Island Minos Restaurant Alexandros Studios & Rooms   Comfortable accommodation at excellent rates Check out the facilities of our fully equipped rooms and studios for rent in Amorgos, situated at the picturesque settlement of Katapola one of the most preferential locations for Amorgos hotels. More about Amorgos accommodation Welcome to Alexandros Studios & Rooms …the ideal place for relaxing holidays nearby the sea in Amorgos, Cyclades Islands, Greece   If you are planning your holidays in Amorgos and looking for Amorgos accommodation , just a few metres from wonderful beaches, Alexandros studios and rooms are an ideal option. During your holidays you just need to sit back and relax and enjoy everything the wonderful island of Amorgos offers. Our rooms and studios for rent are conveniently located in Katapola, one of the quaintest settlements in Amorgos ensuring a comfortable place to stay at with family or friends in the serene setting of our Cycladic-style premises. Our fully equipped rooms and studios for rent provide you with all comforts of home and are within walking distance from the beach of Katapola, impressive archaeological and historical sites, nightlife venues, as well as restaurants and convenience stores. You can just reach any place you wish in only a few minutes. During your stay you will feel right at home as our aim is to provide you with first rate Amorgos accommodation and friendly service turning your holidays in Amorgos an unforgettable experience.     Get acquainted with Amorgos Island If you are dreaming of holidays in a Cycladic island with laid-back atmosphere, breath taking landscapes and crystal clear beaches, make Amorgos your number one destination in the Cyclades Islands Greece this summer. On the island of the Big Blue you will enjoy excellent food, genuine hospitality from the locals and if you love alternative holidays, jump at the chance to walk the countryside paths, go cycling and feel its magic aura. There is a plethora of Amorgos hotels, apartments and studios all around the island, so you can select the Amorgos accommodation that suits you best depending on your style and budget. Find out more about Amorgos , Cyclades Islands, Greece maininner end main end Tweet Alexandros Studios & Rooms - Katapola, Amorgos Tel.: +30 22850-71291, 74295 - Fax: +30 22850-74180 Home Accommodation Location Amorgos Minos Restaurant Reservations Contact   © Alexandros, Amorgos Studios & Rooms 2019 