Newquay Self catering Begin Top Bar Monday , July 22 , 2019     TEXT_SIZE End Top Bar Begin Header End Header Begin Horizontal Menu Home Dog Owners Terms Newquay Local History Waters Edge 270° North St Michaels Rosecliffe Fistral View Enquiry Form End Horizontal Menu Fistral View   Fistral View | Pentire Crescent, Newquay TR7-1PG Self Catering Apartment Newquay Fistral Beach - Self Catering Apartment Fistral View Apartment is a superb, spacious 3 bedroom holiday apartment situated in the lovely Pentire Headland having glorious sea views over Fistral Bay and being only about 200 yards from the beach steps. Read the Full Story Rosecliffe        Rosecliffe | 19, Hilgrove Road, Newquay TR7-2QZ Self Catering Bungalow Newquay Tolcarne - Lusty Glaze Beaches - Self Catering Bungalow Spacious detached 4 bedroom dormer bungalow situated in a pleasant residential area on the level within two/three minutes walk to Tolcarne and Lusty Glaze Beaches. Chester Road shopping area very is close by. Read the Full Story St Michaels   St. Michael’s Court | St. Michael’s Road, Newquay TR7-1RA Self Catering Apartments Newquay Newquay Town Centre - Self Catering Flats This superb complex of 8 holiday flats is ideally situated 30 yards from Newquay Town Centre. At St. Michael’s Court we offer 4 x 3 bedroom and 4 x 1 bedroom accommodation. Read the Full Story 270° North 270 North | Esplanade Road, Newquay TR7-1PT Prestigious Self Catering Apartments Newquay PentireHeadland - Self Catering Apartment Newquay Self Catering are pleased to present our latest addition to our accommodation rentals, 270° North - Situated on the Pentire Headland with breathtaking views of Fistral Beach and the Atlantic Ocean. Read the Full Story Waters Edge Water’s Edge | Esplanade Road, Newquay TR7-1QA Self Catering Apartments Newquay Fistral Beach - Self Catering Apartment Situated in a sea front location at Fistral Beach with breathtaking views of Fistral Bay and the Atlantic Ocean and within a stone's throw of the Waters Edge. Visit our live streaming webcam from the building here. Read the Full Story Newquay Self catering If you are looking for self catering holiday accommodation in Newquay, Newquay Self Catering offer a range of self contained flats, bungalows, houses and luxury apartments, in some of the best locations in the town.  Close to Fistral Beach, a short walking distance from the River Gannel and the Village of Crantock, or close to the town centre, we have accommodation to suit your needs, and at prices you can afford. Take a look at what we have to offer, and if you want to know more, then you can e-mail us at This e-mail address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it   or use our contact form to make enquiries. Newquay Self Catering in Cornwall welcomes families and couples who enjoy sea front apartments, Town Centre locations or large family holiday homes. The Newquay Self Catering Group is a family run business and have been offering relaxing family holidays for all ages, in all types of excellently furnished, well equipped self catering accommodation since 1983. Self catering properties to rent in the Newquay area Rosecliffe is a 4 bedroom dormer bungalow close to Narrowcliff, Lusty Glaze Beach, Chester Road Market and shopping centre. Waters Edge, 270 Degrees North and Fistral View are situated on the picturesque Pentire Headland and all overlook Fistral Beach and the Atlantic Ocean. St. Michael’s Court is centrally located in the heart of Newquay in a quiet location within a short distance from the shops. These flats can accommodate 2-6 persons in comfort. Please feel free to use our enquiry form if you require a brochure. Responsible dog owners are welcome at most of our Newquay properties, Terms and Conditions apply. All our properties have Private off road parking. FREE Wireless Broadband Internet connection is available at Waters Edge, Fistral View and St. Michael’s Court.   Home Newquay Waters Edge 270° North St Michaels Rosecliffe Fistral View Enquiry Form Begin Bottom Section End Bottom Section 