Agnandio Apartments - Greek Island Accommodation Kioni Ithaca Greece Summer holidays Apartments agnandio.com agnantio.com www.ithacagreece.com     ithacagreece Menu     Accommodation Agnandio Apartments 2 Apartments with Kioni Bay views for your summer holiday in Greece Learn more Navigation Agnandio Brand and toggle get grouped for better mobile display Collect the nav links, forms, and other content for toggling Home About Us Facilities Gallery Contact /.Navbar-collapse /.container /Navigation Section: about About Us Agnandio Apartments are perched on the hillside above Kioni Bay and boast some spectacular views across the bay to the mountains. These 2 top floor apartments are modern and very spacious, each with a balcony to enjoy the bay views and Kioni village. "Agnandio Apartments are in middle of the village, with a great view over the rest of the village, the harbor and the windmills. To get to the shops, tavernas and the nearest beach, there is a stepped path which takes you, to walk, about 5 minutes or there is the road which takes you about 7 minutes to walk." Agnandio Villa Agnandio Apartments in Kioni Ithaki Greece /Section: about Section: services Agnandio Apartments Facilities Agnandio Apartments 2 Self-Catering Apartments 2 Apartments with double bed Air-conditioning | Television | Fridge | Microwave | Parking | Stove | Ceiling fan | Shower | Wi-fi | Linen & Towels | Hair-dryer | Inlet for electric razor Both of the apartments have light and airy living rooms with a kitchen area that includes a microwave, 2-ring hob and fridge.Â There is also a sofa bed for a child and a tiled shower room. You have a gorgeous panoramic view of the village of Kioni, the surrounding hills and the horseshoe bay of Kioni from the balcony. The Location Agnandio Apartments are located in the very picturesque seaside village of Kioni in the North of Ithaca, where 3 windmills on the bluff and the July rising, red moon, only add to it's charm and beauty. The village has several pebble beaches all in walking distance from the center of town. We are approx 300 m walking distance from Kioni central Rates RATES Â from 50 â‚¬ to 90 â‚¬ depending the period of the booking. No extra charges for air-conditioning We also offer a welcome pack on arrival with some necessities to get you going, like coffee, tea, rusks, jams and butter, water etc. Please enquire about any of the special offers we have throughout the season Near Agnandio Apartments Pebbled Beaches | Taverna's | Coffee Shops | Gift Shops | Mini rmarket | Boat Hire /Section: services Section: works Gallery /Section: works Section: contact ConTact us Agnandio Apartments Kioni Ithaca Greece 28301 Tel: +30 6973515186Â  Email:Â  agnandio@yahoo.gr or agnandio@gmail.com MHTE. 08.30.K.12.3K.08699.01.00 Please visit our Gift & Jewelery shop, Amfitriti by clicking Here . Back to Top /Section: contact Greek Island Rental For Sale In Greece Maintain Ithaca Real Estate ©Copyright 2019 - www.ithacagreece.com Core JavaScript Files 