AHOTEL hotel Ljubljana | Official web site | hotel for your stay in Ljubljana Ljubljana Hotel Rooms Hotel rooms in Ljubljana Apartments in Ljubljana Accommodation in Ljubljana Pet Policy Deals Eat & drink Gallery Photo Lookbook Services Hotel Services Best Rate Guarantee Frequently asked questions About About us – Ahotel Hotel Ljubljana Location Location of Ahotel How to reach us? Getting around Airports & Airport Transfers About Ljubljana City Contact Book now EN EN SL IT DE Book now 1 2 3 4 5 6 Free wifi Free parking 24h reception 24h Lounge bar - eat & drink WHY BOOK DIRECTLY through Ahotel Ljubljana official web page? About us, Ahotel Hotel Ljubljana Would you like to spend some time in Ljubljana in a peaceful environment but close to the city centre? Visit Ahotel! It is a three-stars hotel, one of the most contemporary and modern hotels in Ljubljana. We pay special attention to each guest, since your satisfaction is our guidance. Kind staff, pleasant ambience and smaller number of rooms make our guests’ stay comfortable. More about us Hotel rooms in Ljubljana Ahotel Hotel Ljubljana offers 26 rooms of different categories to suit the needs, expectations and particularities of business and leisure guests alike. More hotel rooms Apartments in Ljubljana Ahotel Hotel Ljubljana provides two superb single bedroom apartment units, which offer all the services of a hotel, yet the privacy and space of an apartment. More about apartments It all begins with an A, even your visit to Ljubljana, at Ahotel Hotel Ljubljana. If it wasn't already, Ahotel is bound to become your first choice when visiting Ljubljana. AHOTEL deals Sleep & splash Fun, adrenalin and complete relaxation are the key words at Adventure World. Read more Ljubljana marathon Ahotel again offers all Ljubljana marathon attendees and visitors special hotel accommodation benefits. Read more St. Martin's day in Ljubljana This special offer entwines sightseeing in the charming capital of Slovenia with wine tasting. Read more Location of Ahotel Hotel Ljubljana Ahotel Hotel Ljubljana is located close to the southern section of the Ljubljana motorway ring road (exit Ljubljana - Center), just 2.2 km from the city centre. Read more Telephone: +386 1 429 15 98 Mobile +386 3 066 77 22 Email: info@ahotel.si Rooms Deals Eat & drink Photo Lookbook Hotel Services About Location Privacy policy © 2019 AHOTEL. All rights reserved. Web design Ljubljana Hotel Telephone: +386 1 429 15 98 Email: info@ahotel.si EN SL IT DE Rooms Hotel rooms in Ljubljana Apartments in Ljubljana Accommodation in Ljubljana Pet Policy Deals Eat & drink Gallery Photo Lookbook Services Hotel Services Best Rate Guarantee Frequently asked questions About About us – Ahotel Hotel Ljubljana Location Location of Ahotel How to reach us? Getting around Airports & Airport Transfers About Ljubljana City Contact Book now 