Bed & Breakfast, Accommodation & Guest House - Bangor, North Wales - The Adelpha Tel: 01248 353 030 Ffordd Garth, Bangor, North Wales LL57 2RT Homepage Our Rooms Availability & Tariff Location Links Contact Welcome to the Adelpha Guest House, North Wales Croeso i'r gwesty Adelpha, Gogledd Cymru Centrally located in the friendly university city of Bangor, the Adelpha Guest House offers spacious bedrooms, either en-suite or with private facilities with a choice of full English or continental breakfast. Adelpha guest rooms benefit from central heating, tea and coffee making facilities, Digital Flatscreen TV and Wi-Fi Access. Whether you are in Bangor for business, visiting university or simply for pleasure the Adelpha is the ideal destination for your stay. With off-road car parking and being within easy reach of the spectacular views of the Menai Straits, Anglesey and the Snowdonia Mountain range, the Adelpha makes an ideal base for your vacation in North Wales... read more » Our Rooms The Adelpha offers spacious bedrooms, either en-suite or with private facilities with a choice of full English or continental breakfast. All rooms benefit from central heating, tea and coffee making.... read more » Our Location The Adelpha Guest House is located centrally in the university city of Bangor on the North Wales coast. The area is a popular holiday destination due to it's natural, unspoilt beauty and incredible scenery... read more » Availability The Adelpha Guest House is open all-year round and can cater for single guests or parties of varying sizes. For further availability and booking information, please visit our Tariffs page... read more » We thoroughly enjoyed our stay at the Adelpha. Sandra was a terrific host - nothing was too much trouble for her. We'll definitely be visiting again soon. MR & MRS B. FORESTER, NOTTINGHAM I wanted to take this opportunity to thank Sandra for such an excellent service. All our party enjoyed their stay at the Adelpha immensely. MISS R. STOUT, TAUNTON This was our forth visit to the Adelpha - we love it! It's our little Welsh base for exploring the beautiful North Wales countryside. See you for the fifth time next April! MRS J. CANNEL, BIRMINGHAM On behalf of our entire family, I want to thank you for such a warm welcome and a fantastic stay. John's missing North Wales almost as much as those lovely breakfasts. THE MAYNARD FAMILY, PORTLAND OREGON END testimonials The Adelpha Guesthouse Telephone: 01248 353 030 • Mobile: 07951 825 600 Website design by Anglesey Online Ffordd Garth, Bangor, Gwynedd, North Wales LL57 2RT e.mail: enquiries@adelpha.co.uk to fix cufon problems in IE browser 