Amadora Luxury Villas with Pools -Luxury Villas for Rent in Protaras Cyprus Home Our Villas Weddings About Us Location Travel News Testimonials Car Rentals Payment Plans Terms & Conditions Contact Us Loyalty Discount Card Scheme Luxury Guest menu Complimentary food and drink welcome pack eccetera Amadora Luxury Villas Protaras Cyprus   Welcome to Amadora luxury villas for rent in Cyprus. Amadora is privately owned and was formed in 2008 to provide luxury villas with pools for rent to holiday makers who are looking for luxury villa holidays in Protaras Cyprus.   We are Cyprus ' foremost provider of luxury villa accommodation in Protaras, and have ten individually designed well-equipped private villas for rent located in this beautiful Eastern Cypriot resort. We pride ourselves on the opulence and excellence that guarantee you an unforgettable Cyprus holiday experience.   Luxury Villa Holiday Amadora Luxury Villas is proud to provide a luxury villa experience and 1st class service that we feel cannot be equalled by any other luxury villa rental company anywhere in Eastern Cyprus . Amadora's uniqueness is encapsulated in its dedication to client care and its guarantee to complete customer satisfaction.   With the combination of quality in each Amadora Luxury Villa you will enjoy: Private Pool with relaxing outdoor furniture Sumptuous 5* luxury villa accommodation at an affordable cost Complimentary food and refreshment packs that greet you on your arrival Professional and helpful staff available 24/7 availabile to meet your every need.   To experience a holiday in an Amadora Luxury Villa in Cyprus why not contact us . Staying in one of our Protaras villas makes the time spent there so much more than just a memory.   Amadora Luxury Villas Brochure Please feel free to download our new brochure to share with your friends and family. Amadora Luxury Villas Brochure   Search Availability <p align="center">Your browser does not support iframes.</p> BEGIN ProvideSupport.com Graphics Chat Button Code Online Customer Service END ProvideSupport.com Graphics Chat Button Code   Cyprus News Aegan airways introduced new flight from London to Larnaca     Read All Amadora News   Cyprus Villas For Rent Poppy Luxury Villa Cyprus Poppy Villa Cyprus is modern in style with its impressive style... Tulip Luxury Cyprus Villa Another Luxury Villa, Tulip has a stunning entrance... Lily Luxury Villa Protaras On entering Villa Lily the matching leopard print side chair and rug will not fail to impress... Sunflower Luxury Villa Protaras This Luxury Villa has a mix of modern and traditional furniture makes this villa stylish and unique... Magnolia Luxury Villa Cyprus Magnolia Luxury villa is styled with magnificent modern pieces... Rose Luxury Villa Protaras Rose is simply stunning and will astound you with its tastefully decorated ground floor... Peony Cyprus Villa For Rent The beautiful villa gives you a more traditional feel... Geranium Luxury Villa For Rent Traditionally and discerningly decorated this villa will not fail to make an impression... Anemone Luxury Villa protaras This Luxury villa is stunning with its cream velour... Orchid Luxury Cyprus Villa This is a truly stunning villa with fabulous master suite... Amadora Luxury Villa Rentals - 100 Pernera Road, Protaras, Cyprus, 5306 Tel:Â  (00357) 23834095   Fax: (00357) 23834096    Email : I Privacy I Site Map I 