Hotels in Wicklow | Wicklow Hotels | Arklow Bay Hotel BOOK DIRECT & SAVE Gift Vouchers Menu Home Offers Rooms Standard Rooms Family Rooms Suite Dining Weddings Meetings Leisure Centre Beauty Rooms Family Fun Kids Club Family Activities Local Attractions Family Offers Explore Contact Us #masthead Hotel Wicklow Wicklow Hotels START Homepage REVOLUTION SLIDER 6.0.0 END REVOLUTION SLIDER Media in Header +353 (0)402 26200 Location Idyllic Wicklow Hotel Arklow Bay Hotel Overlooking the lakeside wildlife reserve, The Arklow Bay Hotel is situated in the heart of County Wicklow, Ireland’s garden county. Set in idyllic grounds the Arklow Bay Hotel offers 91 tastefully decorated bedrooms is the ideal base to explore and discover all Co. Wicklow has to offer and is easily accessible with good bus and train links plus ample onsite free parking. Read More Whether you are looking for a relaxing break away, family fun, a round of golf, wedding or conference, we have all the facilities needed to make you stay the ultimate experience. All of our guests have full use of the Bay Leisure centre offering a 20 metre deck pool, state of the art gym, steam room, sauna and Jacuzzi. You can also unwind and treat yourself to some ‘me time’ in the Bay Beauty Rooms. Our friendly, efficient staff at this Wicklow Hotel are at your disposal for the duration of your stay. We pride ourselves on our standards of service and customer care. Many of our guests return time and again to soak up the genuine, friendly atmosphere that prevails at the Arklow Bay Conference & Leisure Hotel in Wicklow. We are looking forward to welcoming you here to the Arklow Bay Hotel in Wicklow. WHY BOOK THE ARKLOW BAY HOTEL? Superb seaside location – the hotel is only 5 minutes from Arklow town Our rooms offer exceptional sea views Stylish & affordable accommodation Family friendly hotel Kids Club (over school holidays) Variety of dining options Complimentary access for hotel guests to gym, Jacuzzi, pool, sauna & steam room Both the flexibility and capacity for all events Amazing & helpful customer care Complimentary parking Easily accessible through public transport     Read Less Image Gallery View a selection of images of Arklow Bay Hotel View Now Video Gallery View a selection of videos of Arklow Bay Hotel View Now Stay Dine Meetings Weddings Activities Offers .entry-content #content #primary #main Want Exclusive Special Offers? Sign up now to receive exclusive offers and news straight to your email. HP Gallery Contact us Location Privacy Policy Reviews Cookie Policy Arklow Bay Conference & Leisure Hotel, Sea Rd, Arklow, Co. Wicklow Y14 DX02 T: +353 (0)402 26200 | E: reservations@arklowbay.com #colophon Copyright 2019. Arklow Bay Hotel. All Rights Reserved. Website by In1 Solutions #page This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Accept Read More Privacy & Cookies Policy necessary Always Enabled non-necessary 