Amber House Inn of Midtown: Bed and Breakfast Sacramento Book Online Accommodations All Rooms Room Search Policies Cuisine Overview Breakfast Brews and Wine List Restaurants Specials Specials & Packages Events Weddings Gatherings Business Event Links Concierge Standard Services Room Extras Activities Gift Certificates About Contact & Directions Testimonials Awards Press Languages | START Compare Rooms ( ) Book Online Come enjoy beautiful Midtown, come shop and see the iconic Tower Bridge, only 2 miles from Amber House. Beautiful romantic Mozart Parlor Room - Perfect spot to unwind with a beverage. Emily Dickinson Main House - Poets Retreat. Musicians Manor. Patio off of the Mozart Room Loading room availability... Book Now centre Call Now Amber House Inn of Midtown Enjoy Uptown Elegance in Midtown Sacramento Amber House Inn of Midtown, an award-winning bed and breakfast in Sacramento, offers ten spacious accommodations with unforgettable amenities. Whether you are in Sacramento on business or leisure, our friendly staff is committed to making your stay extra special. Within walking distance to the Sacramento Convention center, our rooms are ideal for corporate business travelers and couples looking for a quiet getaway. For more than thirty years, Amber House Inn of Midtown has provided guests with the perfect blend of elegance, comfort and hospitality. Conveniently located in the heart of vibrant Midtown, our two historic homes are within walking distance to the city's finest restaurants, shops, galleries, and entertainment. View Our Specials View Details details item 2017 RECOGNITION OF EXCELLENCE Amber House Inn Of Midtown HotelsCombined 9.1 Rated by Guests Amber_House_Inn_Of_Midtown widgetItems Mozart Luxury Midtown, CA Bed and Breakfast The Mozart Room... $239 - $299 View Room details item Vivaldi Spacious Bed and Breakfast in Sacramento The Vivaldi... $209 - $279 View Room details item Dickinson Relaxing Sacramento B&B The Dickinson Room is complete... $209 - $279 View Room details item Beethoven Elegant Bed and Breakfast in Midtown, CA The Beethoven... $199 - $239 View Room details item Byron Spacious Accommodations in Sacramento The Byron room... $199 - $239 View Room details item Longfellow Romantic Sacramento Inn If you’re looking for a... $199 - $239 View Room details item Chaucer Relaxing Sacramento Bed and Breakfast The Chaucer... $199 - $239 View Room details item Wordsworth Luxury Accommodations in Midtown, CA The Wordsworth... $199 - $239 View Room details item Bach Relaxing Sacramento Bed and Breakfast The Bach Room at... $189 - $209 View Room details item Brahms Midtown Bed and Breakfast in Sacramento The Brahms'... $179 - $199 View Room details item slider back nav specials centre Contact Us Amber House Inn of Midtown 1315 22nd Street, Sacramento, CA 95816 Main: (916) 444-8085 Email: innkeeper.amber.house@gmail.com resFooterContent Testimonials My husband and I stayed in the Dickinson room and were completely impressed. The room was spacious, clean, and bright. We... Beautiful little spot in midtown! Walking distance from a lot of great eateries (I.e. Kru, Red Rabbit). It is a quiet place... Very good place, we've stayed there three times now in the Byron, Chaucer, and Dickinson. Like any old house, there are quirks... resFootermiddle Specials Exquisite Dinner and Lodging Package Check in at 3 p.m. and begin your idyllic getaway, which includes your... B Street Theatre Special Stay with us and enjoy the current show at our local B Street Theatre.... Last Minute Room at $169 On certain dates, we are able to offer a very competitive last minute... Reserve Now resFootersidebar Footer Links | START Copyright © 2019 Amber House Inn of Midtown Sitemap | Internet Marketing & TMCS Website by RezStream Log In centre Footer Links | END Footer | END 