Atlantic House Bed & Breakfast in Ocean City Maryland 501 N Baltimore Ave. / Ocean City, MD 21842 410-289-2333 Check Availability Rooms About Gallery Our Area Blog Contact Welcome to Atlantic House Bed & Breakfast in Beautiful Downtown Ocean City, MD Welcome to our family-owned Atlantic House Bed and Breakfast in beautiful Ocean City, Maryland with a location to dream about and service to remember. While just a block from the famous Ocean City Boardwalk and beaches, you can still enjoy your morning coffee in privacy on our sunroom where a homestyle breakfast buffet is served daily. All of Ocean City, Maryland's major attractions are within a short walk, which allows your car to share in the holiday, too. Convenience and comfort are provided by Innkeepers who live on premises. Voted #5 Best Beach Bed & Breakfast In The Country According To Inn Magazine. Read More During your stay at The Atlantic House Bed and Breakfast, consider this your home. We will provide a daily breakfast and are happy to accommodate your dietary needs. We make all our guests feel like the Guest of Honor. We will gladly help with providing information about all things local... dining, entertainment and activities as well as history of the house and town. We are a family-owned business that specializes in making you feel like part of our family when you stay here with us. About Our Location Ocean City, Maryland is paradise for beach loving families from all over the country. Our clean soft sandy beaches are the perfect place to escape the daily grind of city living. Once you start breathing in that fresh ocean air, something wonderful happens to your entire body. We are extremely proud of our resort town and we know that you and your loved ones will create lasting summer vacation memories. Our Front Porch Our inviting and relaxing front porch is the perfect way to spend your time after a great day at the beach. Enjoy conversations with other guests while sipping your wine, beer or other beverage. Our porch is the one of the best places to "people watch", enjoy our delicious breakfast or watch the birds in our birdhouse while rocking in our rocking chairs. "What happens on our porch stays on our porch". Our Breakfast Our breakfast is served Buffet style with open seating between 8am and 10am. Our delicious Buffet consists of a main dish, which is usually a casserole. There are always generous sides of bacon or sausage, assorted breads and other sweets. We always have fresh cut fruit, coffee and fruit juices. And last but not least, we have a waffle maker where you can make your own signature waffles. Our Specials View More Specials Subscribe To Our Newsletter Signup for our newsletter and you will receive regular news and promotions. Unsubscribe with one click. Socialize With Us       // section main Address 501 North Baltimore Avenue Ocean City, Maryland 21842 Email & Phone innkeeper@atlantichouse.com 410-289-2333 ©2015- Atlantic House . All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy / Site Map / Owner Login Website Design by Sprout Creatives 