Home - ASEATICA Sri Lanka Private Tours Home Experience the magic of Sri Lanka Experience incredible nature Some of the world's most beautiful beaches..... Enjoy the fantastic beach resorts Tropical Beaches and ancient culture Discover the capital Colombo Visit historical Buddhist Temples Sri Lanka Private Tours – Completely customized tours for small private groups of 2 to 8 persons that are personalized to match your needs and style Probably you are thinking already about you next holiday planning– why not consider Sri Lanka again as a destination? Whatever your interests are, Sri Lanka has got you covered. Are you a golfer, like to scuba dive, snorkel, island hop, rock climb or just chill on the beach and enjoy the fantastic cuisine? Sri Lanka has some of the most pristine beaches in the world. Crystal clear waters, the temperature of your bath tub, soft sand beneath your toes and coconuts palms around your head. Perfect! Would you rather experience something a bit more adventurous? Head for the hills and trek your heart out through mountainous valleys  on one of our Sri Lanka private tours. Or perhaps you want something more cultural? Sri Lanka is an ancient cultural land, from temples, to palaces and ancient ruins you’ll never run short of a chance to learn from the traditions and customs of this incredible country. We would be happy to custom tailor an individual Sri Lanka program, matching your budget and preferences. Tours with private Driver-Guide   We offer private Sri Lanka upcountry tours with your personal driver guide. Everything will be custom tailored to your individual requirements for an unforgettable travel experience. Let us know your wishes and we will design your dream holiday! Ayurveda Therapies   Ayurveda is one of the world’s oldest holistic (“whole-body”) healing systems based on the belief that health and wellness depend on a delicate balance between the mind, body, and spirit. Its main goal is to promote good health, not fight disease. Contact Us Name Nationality Country of Residence Email Address Message 2 + 13 = Submit With 20 years of operations in the region, we are one of the longest established and fully licensed internet travel agencies in Asia. Our experience and professionalism in operating tours with the highest service standards well as offering and executing unique and unforgettable travel experiences is the reason why ASEATICA Tours & Travel, with partner offices in Thailand, Myanmar, Laos, Cambodia and Vietnam, is recommended by a growing number of loyal customers. ASEATICA Tours is a brand of www.asiatours.net Twitter (c) Designed by asiatours.net 2018 