Home - Alexander Hotel, Bed and Breakfast in Swansea The Alexander The Alexander Toggle navigation Home Our Rooms Book Online Terms and conditions Close Attractions Our Gallery Reviews Special Offers Location Get In Touch At the privately owned Alexander Guest House, we offer a friendly welcome to all our guests. Service is efficient with special attention given to the comfort of all guests. We have a good knowledge of the local area and can advise about the many local places of interest. The Guest House is situated on the edge of Uplands where a good range of local amenities are at hand including take-away outlets, restaurants, hair and beauty salons, a launderette, bars - everything you could possibly need for a comfortable stay. We no longer serve breakfast at The Alexander, we do however have some amazing deals with fantastic local resturunts. Please contact us via phone or email for more information.  The Alexander is on the bus route to the Gower Peninsular and offers a frequent service to the city centre just 1 mile away. A prompt and reliable taxi service operates in the area and can be ordered in advance by our staff. We are within walking distance of the University, Singleton hospital, Wales' National swimming pool, Sketty Hall and Swansea Bay. There is a non-smoking policy in operation throughout the building. See Our Special Offers! Book Online Reviews Hotel stay " Comfortable and cosy in a good location. Very friendly host providing a good start to the day with a wonderful breakfast. Highly recommended. " Mr Leslie T - 2018-01-09 Wonderful stay, wish it had been longer " This is one of the nicest hotels I've stayed in in a long while. I was made to feel welcome immediately and nothing was too much trouble. I was given a lovely room with all mod cons, comfortable bed and great shower. There was even ground coffee and a cafetiere available together with all the usual complimentary beverages and biscuits, which is something that is very unusual and welcome. The excellent breakfast was cooked to order and there was fresh fruit salad available as well as cereals and a choice of fresh juices. Everything was done with a personal touch, including checkout, so I was sorry to only stay the one night. " Mrs Kate G - 2017-09-28 See More A Selection Of Our Rooms View All Rooms Triple Room This room has 3 single beds and an en suite bathroom. It has been recently renovated. Prices from:  £180.00 Double Room Pet Friendly:Edgy Edward This is a standard double room, with private entrance and a terrace.It comes with a designated parking space. Prices from:  £180.00 Single Room Pet Friendly:Angelic Amelia This is a single room with its own private entrance and a terrace. It is pet friendly. Prices from:  £100.00 Contact Details The Alexander 3 Sketty Road Swansea Uplands County of Swansea SA2 0EU 01792 514389 reception@alexander-hotel.co.uk © Copyright 2019 - Hotel Website Powered by Queensborough Group - Privacy Policy 