 Ski Chalets Austria | Luxury Ski Chalets Hunters House Lofer Austria | Luxury Ski Chalets Austria Ski Chalets Austria - Hunters House Lofer Austria Enjoy the beauty of Austria Hunters House is ideal for large familiy holidays or for groups of friends looking for quality affordable self catering holiday chalet accommodation in Austria Great Family Skiing The skiing is perfect for intermediates and beginners, with wide open and well groomed pistes, and for the advanced skiers there are some challenging off-piste runs. Lofer has excellent ski schools and caters well for families. Family Skiing Passes are available from €66 Great Restaurants & Bars Relax and enjoy in one of Lofers many family friendly restaurants and bars. Austrian Chalets Hunters House Lofer Austria Austrian Chalet Hire Hunters House Lofer Austria Ski Chalets Austria Hunters House Lofer Austria Austrian Ski Chalets Hunters House Lofer Austria Austrian Skiing holidays Hunters House Lofer Austria Ski Chalets Austria  | Lofer | Austria | T: +44 01926 816500 | Email: enquiries@skichaletsaustria.co.uk Website Design & Optimisation  | Aldine Design Services | Southam T: 01926 816500 Austria Chalet Hire : Summer Holiday Austria : Chalet Hire Austria : Lofer Accommodation : Self Catering Holiday Austria Skiing Holiday Austria : Austria Holiday Chalets : Austrian Chalets Ski Chalets Austria :: Holiday in Style :: Relax in Comfort Hunters House - Ski Chalet Hire Austria Welcome to Hunters House a beautiful self catering Austria chalet located in the beautiful alpine village of Lofer which offers all year round activities for all the family - Set in its own grounds Hunters House is the perfect Austria chalet for large family holidays, it can comfortably accommodate upto 16 people - the chalet boasts 8 bedrooms, spacious lounge and dining areas, modern kitchen and appliances, satellite TV and full internet access. located just 35 minutes from Saltzburg or 1.5 hours from Munich airport, you find this charming Austria Chalet set within it’s own grounds. It has ample off road parking and is within 8 minutes walk from the Lofer telecabin, where the two village ski school operations are based. Lofer Austria Lofer lies nestled by the Loferer, the Reither and the Leoganger Steinberge mountains, at the confluence of the major valley routes between Salzburg to the North, Saalfelden and Zell am See to the South and Kitzbuhel and Innsbruck to the West. The village of Lofer itself lies at just over 600m altitudes, the surrounding Steinberge mountains, are an accessible range of peaks of around 2500m. Only a short distance away is Austria's highest peak the Grossglockner, at a height of 3797m. Lofer is only 35 minutes from Salzburg airport www.salzburg-airport.com or 1.5 hours from Munich airport www.munich-airport.com both of which are served with scheduled and budget airlines. We can provide airport transfers upon request for Salzburg, we recommend train/taxi or car rental from Munich unless making a large group booking. Hunters House Summer Hunters House Winter WELCOME    |     OUR  CHALET     |     LOFER     |   SUMMER ACTIVITIES     |     WINTER  ACTIVITIES     |     CONTACT US Self Catering Holiday Chalet Rental - Lofer Austria 