Gites in The Dordogne - Apv Gites Dordogne Home Facilities Things to Do Group Holidays Cycling Holidays Travelling With Your Bike Gite 1 Gite 2 Gite 3 Gite 4 Useful Information Getting Here Prices Contact Reviews English Lessons Au Pré Vert- Gites  ​ ​ Self catering holiday cottages in the beautiful Dordogne countryside  Leisure bikes are available for guests, you could take a ride to the lovely town of Domme, 10km away.  The Dordogne River offers loads of opportunities for fun. Try Via Ferrata at the stunning gardens of Marqueyssac, 18km away, or watch trebuchet demonstrations at Castlenaud. Au Pré Vert is located in St Aubin de Nabirat , a small, quiet hamlet, deep in the Dordogne countryside, yet close to the best tourist attractions of the Perigord Noir and beyond. ​It is a fantastic location to enjoy a truly relaxing holiday.  Hot, sunny days and long, warm evenings, with time and space to unwind and remember what life is all about... good times with family and friends! With so many activities on site, all included, people of all ages can be entertained throughout their holiday at no extra cost.  There are also lakes and rivers with sandy beaches, within a 15 minute drive, offering further opportunities for free water fun. Explore beautiful towns and villages, immersing yourself in the French culture, and enjoy the flavour of France in the many local French markets, a short drive away. New in 2018, English Lessons are available from an experienced teacher of English as a second language.  Please contact for further information. Au Pré Vert is surrounded by its own, enclosed 2 acre grounds, with fantastic views.   There are numerous  facilities here to keep you occupied, including: Large swimming pool, Football pitch, Pitch and Putt course, Trampoline, Table tennis, Table football, Basketball net, Badminton, Boules, Short tennis  Sand pit Slide Swings Mountain bike circuit Multi-gym with free weights Picnic bench ​Bicycles ​ There is an extensive DVD and book library. We also have a wide selection of toys and games.  Or you can simply relax and enjoy the beautiful surroundings .  Au Pré Vert is the perfect place for couples, groups  of friends, family groups or sports clubs to enjoy their holiday.  The combination of independent and communal areas really lends itself to group bookings, as well as individual gite bookings. Visit the majestic Rocamadour, and explore the caves of Gouffre de Padirac on a gondala, within an easy drive away. The world famous Sarlat with its beautiful medieval town, street entertainers and markets, is 20km away.  Beynac and La Roque Gageac offer beautiful riverside villages, with boat rides, canoeing, and a medieval castle, are 15 km away.  There are many safe beaches on the River Dordogne, and at nearby lakes.     Hi, we are Kevin, Claire, Rory and George.   ​  ​ We are the owners of Au Pré Vert and we would be delighted to welcome you to our self-catering Gites in the Dordogne.  "Fabulous location, fabulous gites, fabulous owners - thank you!" Fay S Gites in The Dordogne Under new ownership since June 2015. ​​ The most important thing for us, is that you have a wonderful holiday. If you have any questions, or if we can provide any further information, please  don't hesitate to ​ contact us. ​ An attractive 200 year old stone barn has been converted to provide four gites with character.   The three larger  gites sleep up to 6 people, and Gite 4 sleeps 2 people plus a young child . The three larger gites are well equipped for your self catering holiday, including an oven, microwave, dishwasher, fridge, freezer, coffee maker, etc. Gite 4 is similarly equipped but with a combined fridge/freezer, and without the dishwasher. A washing machine is available, and there is free WIFI. Inside you will find a comfortable holiday home, with a character open plan kitchen, dining and sitting room.     Outside each gite has its own garden with barbecue, large parasol, rattan sitting furniture, and high quality dining table and chairs.   ​There is a large oak framed gazebo, with lots of seating, the perfect place to surf the net, take some shade, read a book, or play some games. Copyright Au Pré Vert. All Rights Reserved. View on Mobile 