 Torquay, Devon | Boutique B&B | Ascot House Hotel | Best Rates 01803 295 142   CONTACT US   BOOK   HERE   Home Hotel Breakfast We Recommend Suites Rates & Booking South Devon Local Attractions Contact & Find Us News & Offers                   Lovely attention to detail.  Art & Diane, USA, June 2018                               Perfect in every way!  Richard, Alison & Tom, Hertfordshire, Feb 2018                          Everything top notch!  Germaine & Jeff, Cambridge, April 2018                    An outstanding stay!  The Hollands, Stockport, June 2018    Great Multiple-night Discounts   ‘The Ascot House has a certain charm and character that I have not seen elsewhere.'   A. D. Swansea, Oct 2015                     SUITES                    SUITES                    BREAKFAST                    BREAKFAST                    BOOKING                    BOOKING                    CONTACT                    CONTACT  Ascot House Hotel is passionately run by us, Terri and Bernard, two ex-pats who have long called   England ‘home’ and who’ve been settled in Torbay for almost 10 years now.   Ascot House Hotel is passionately run by us, Terri and Bernard, two ex-pats who have long called England ‘home’ and who’ve been settled in Torbay for almost 10 years now.   Our Suites are unique in that, in addition to the bedroom and bathroom, they each have their own full-size adjoining lounge providing guests a true home-away-from-home environment. Each Suite is tastefully decorated to a very high standard and equipped with all the modern amenities, and more. Whether you’re travelling solo, as a couple, or en-famille, be it for business or for pleasure, Ascot House Hotel has a Suite that will suit your every need and service that will ensure a most memorable stay.     Ascot House Hotel is centrally located just up the hill from Abbey Sands. A short walk gets you to many of Torquay's major attractions, including the High Street, waterfront and marina (Living Coasts), the Princess Theatre, Riviera Centre, Torre Abbey, and the Train Station; while Cockington, Ilsham (Kent’s Cavern), Babbacombe and Paignton are a moderate walk or short drive. There is also easy bus, train, or ferry access around the local area as well as to Brixham, Dartmouth, and Totnes.   Our Suites are unique in that, in addition to the bedroom and bathroom, they each have their own full-size adjoining lounge providing guests a true home-away-from-home environment. Each Suite is tastefully decorated to a very high standard and equipped with all the modern amenities, and more. Whether you’re travelling solo, as a couple, or en-famille, be it for business or for pleasure, Ascot House Hotel has a Suite that will suit your every need and service that will ensure a most memorable stay.     Ascot House Hotel is centrally located just up the hill from Abbey Sands. A short walk gets you to many of Torquay's major attractions, including the High Street, waterfront and marina (Living Coasts), the Princess Theatre, Riviera Centre, Torre Abbey, and the Train Station; while Cockington, Ilsham (Kent’s Cavern), Babbacombe and Paignton are a moderate walk or short drive. There is also easy bus, train, or ferry access around the local area as well as to Brixham, Dartmouth, and Totnes.   Ascot House Hotel   French Chic & American Hospitality on the English Riviera   We hope to welcome you soon!  Ascot House Hotel , 7 Tor Church Road, Torquay, Devon, TQ2 5UR | Privacy policy   2017 RECOGNITION OF EXCELLENCE Ascot House Hotel HotelsCombined 10.0 Rated by guests Ascot_House_Hotel CHECK AVAILABILITY & BOOK   Web site design by it'seeze exeter   Designed and created by it'seeze Our site uses cookies. For more information, see our cookie policy . Accept cookies and close Reject cookies Manage settings 