Bed & Breakfast & Hotel Lodging near Okemo Mountain VT | The Pettigrew Inn Home ACCOMMODATIONS SPECIAL OFFERS ABOUT THE INN GALLERY BOOK NOW MAIN NAVIGATION Home ACCOMMODATIONS SPECIAL OFFERS ABOUT THE INN GALLERY BOOK NOW Bed & Breakfast & Hotel Lodging near Okemo Mountain VT | The Pettigrew Inn Introduction to The Pettigrew Inn Bed & Breakfast & Hotel Lodging near Okemo Mountain VT | The Pettigrew Inn this keeps the inline-blocks from collapsing Looking for lodging & hotels in Ludlow Vermont near Okemo Mountain? Than the Pettigrew Inn is the right choice for you! Our Bed & Breakfast, located just minutes from Okemo Mountain, offers a variety of rooms and specials for your stay. Contact us today for more information! SCROLL DOWN Bed & Breakfast & Hotel Lodging near Okemo Mountain VT | The Pettigrew Inn this keeps the inline-blocks from collapsing Looking for lodging & hotels in Ludlow Vermont near Okemo Mountain? Than the Pettigrew Inn is the right choice for you! Our Bed & Breakfast, located just minutes from Okemo Mountain, offers a variety of rooms and specials for your stay. Contact us today for more information! Introduction to The Pettigrew Inn this keeps the inline-blocks from collapsing The Pettigrew Inn, located near Okemo Mountain Resort, offers gourmet food, and luxurious accommodations for visitors to the Okemo Valley Introduction to The Pettigrew Inn this keeps the inline-blocks from collapsing The Pettigrew Inn, located near Okemo Mountain Resort, offers gourmet food, and luxurious accommodations for visitors to the Okemo Valley Ludlow, VT Bed & Breakfast Nestled in the heart of Ludlow Village, VT, The Pettigrew Inn is the perfect retreat to relax and unwind in Southern VT. You’ll find gourmet food, cozy yet modern accommodations , and the same dedication to warmth and hospitality on which the Inn was founded over 65 years ago. This Okemo bed & breakfast offers a variety of elegant, suites and deluxe king and queen rooms that can accommodate from two to four guests comfortably.  Several rooms can also accommodate guests traveling with pets, so please call the Inn to inquire about availability and applicable fees.  Located just a short walking distance from local shops and restaurants, the inn staff is always available to help you plan your day by offering suggestions for excursions, outdoor activities and delicious eateries. From snowshoeing to mountain biking and everything in between, there are always several outdoor activities to try, no matter what season. Okemo Mountain is conveniently located a mile away from the Inn, and on winter weekends and holidays, a shuttle to the mountain will pick you up right at the driveway. After exploring all the area has to offer, enjoy some rejuvenating downtime at the inn. Whether you’re relaxing on the back patio in the comfy rocking chairs or enjoying the privacy of your room while you lounge by the fireplace, the peaceful atmosphere of the Inn is just what you need to unwind. As an Okemo bed & breakfast, your stay at the Inn will include a wide variety of gourmet breakfast options and freshly baked goods throughout the day. Book your stay today at The Pettigrew Inn, near Okemo Mountain, VT, for an unforgettable bed and breakfast experience with luxurious amenities, thoughtful details and heartfelt hospitality. FOOTER WITH OPEN BLOCK FIELD Top   