Alpine Trail Ridge Inn: Estes Park Hotels .mast-head-left Accommodations Room Types Policies Meeting Room Guest Reviews Specials Activities Things to Do Bird & Jim Restaurant Events Gallery Blog Contact Email Us Property Map .mast-head-right Rustic Hotel in Estes Park, CO Located on US Highway 36 West, just minutes away from the main entrance to Rocky Mountain National Park, Alpine Trail Ridge Inn welcomes guests to enjoy a touch of rustic luxury. A local favorite among Estes Park hotels, the hotel features year-round  accommodations  and is just minutes away from downtown Estes Park. Our friendly and professional staff are ready to greet you upon arrival, providing a personalized experience that will exceed your expectations. At Alpine Trail Ridge Inn, you'll find excellent amenities including: Renovated  rooms  with modern rustic decor Outdoor hot tub and swimming pool  *in-season Complimentary high-speed wireless Internet Business Center View our Policies  here . Recent Blog Posts Lake Hikes in Rocky Mountain National Park Summer in Rocky Mountain National Park is truly picturesque, with colorful blooms, rugged mountain peaks, and bountiful alpine and subalpine lakes that are scattered throughout the park. Typically, ar […] Best Waterfall Hikes in Rocky Mountain National Park With plentiful mountain run-off from an unseasonably snowy winter, the streams, rivers, and waterfalls of the Rockies will be rushing in full force. Head out this season to view these best waterfall h […] 2019 Estes Park Summer Events Save the date for these upcoming 2019 Estes Park summer events and start planning your vacation today with Alpine Trail Ridge Inn! Art Market of Estes Park May 25th – 27th Kick summer this Me […] Alpine Trail Ridge Inn 927 Moraine Avenue, Estes Park, CO 80517 (970) 586-4585 | alpine@alpinetrailridgeinn.com Internet Marketing & Website by RezStream HFCM by 99 Robots - Snippet # 1: Pre Header Content   (970) 586-4585 Book Online /end HFCM by 99 Robots HFCM by 99 Robots - Snippet # 6: OptinMonster This site is converting visitors into subscribers and customers with OptinMonster - http://optinmonster.com / OptinMonster /end HFCM by 99 Robots HFCM by 99 Robots - Snippet # 8: Inn Road Booking Widget Check our reservations calendar to see availability and select your room. /end HFCM by 99 Robots 