African Holidays Tailor-Made By Specialists | Africa Travel End Facebook Pixel Code ( 0 ) Destinations Experiences Inspiration Our Experts Escorted Tours Offers About Call: 020 7843 3500 Enquire Now Enquire Now Wishlist ( 0 ) Our Experts Brochures About Contact Discover The Highlights Of South Africa Watch Test Cricket in Cape Town in the company of England cricketing legends List Destinations South Africa Zimbabwe Botswana Namibia Zambia Kenya Malawi Mozambique Rwanda Tanzania Madagascar Mauritius Seychelles Uganda Sao Tome and Principe Ethiopia Experiences Safari Beach Family Honeymoon Self-Drive Safari & Beach Gorilla Trekking Whale Watching First Time Safari Art & Culture Search Africa Holidays in Style Africa Travel is a specialist luxury tour operator which hand-crafts the most authentic African holiday itineraries and exclusive travel experiences throughout the entire continent. With over thirty years know-how and the best connections in the industry, we have a passion for Africa and are always bang up-to-date on its latest offerings. Africa is a collection of some of the most amazing countries and cultures on earth. We know Africa, we love Africa, and we want to share it with you. Whether you want a Serengeti safari , a beach holiday in the Seychelles or to track with bushmen in Botswana , we have everything you need at Africa Travel. Specialising in tailoring African tours and holidays, to suit all needs and requirements, we ensure that you experience all that Africa has to offer. Why Choose Africa Travel? Africa Travel is the UK's premier specialist dealing with travel to Africa, but we aren't just a website or a call centre, we are a boutique, owner-run company with personal connections to many of the owners of the properties we feature. Read more Our Value Promise Whether you seek a spectacular safari holiday, a blissful beach break, a cultural escapade, or something else entirely, there is no one better equipped to deal with your requests than Africa Travel. Read more Your Holiday Protection All flights and flight-inclusive holidays on this website are financially protected by the ATOL scheme. Our ATOL number is 3384 www.atol.org.uk/ATOLCertificate Read more Recommendations Popular Itineraries Popular Destinations Popular Accommodation Special Offers Popular Itineraries Popular Destinations Popular Accommodation Special Offers Classic Botswana Safari Moremi Game Reserve, Botswana Icons Of Africa Victoria Falls, Zimbabwe Classic Zimbabwe Adventure Hwange, Zimbabwe Classic South Africa Garden Route & Klein Karoo, South Africa Classic Tanzania & Zanzibar Tanzania A Zambian Adventure Zambia The Best Of KwaZulu-Natal Kwazulu-Natal, South Africa Namibia's Desert Delights Namibia First Time Safari In Kenya Kenya Rwanda Discovery Rwanda South Africa Discover Botswana Discover Namibia Discover Tanzania Discover Kenya Discover Zambia Discover Zimbabwe Discover Rwanda Discover Uganda Discover Seychelles Discover Bisate Lodge Rwanda Belmond Mount Nelson Hotel South Africa Olakira Serengeti, Tanzania North Island Seychelles Elephant Pepper Camp Kenya Mombo Camp Moremi Game Reserve, Botswana Tena Tena Zambia Sabi Sabi Earth Lodge South Africa The Oyster Box Hotel South Africa Ruckomechi Camp Harare, Lake Kariba & Mana Pools, Zimbabwe Zimbabwe Imvelo Safari Lodges Stay 3, Pay 2 View more Zambia Time + Tide Two free nights View more Seychelles North Island Stay Longer Pay Less - Stay 7 Pay 6 View more South Africa The Last Word Stay 3, Pay 2 View more Botswana &Beyond Botswana camps and lodges Free Flights View more Mozambique Azura Benguerra Honeymoon offer - bride receives a 40% discount for stays of five nights or more View more Tanzania Zanzibar Collection Stay 5 Pay 4 or honeymooners Stay 7 Pay 5 View more Tanzania Zuri Zanzibar Stay 7 Get 15% off and Stay 4 Get 25% off View more South Africa Singita Lodges Stay 4, Pay 3 View more South Africa 30 Years of Rovos Rail Offer 30% off selected Rovos Rail journeys. View more Africa Travel Latest Travel 5 Activities To Enjoy On A Seychelles Family Holiday Find out why the Seychelles makes for an excellent family holiday destination. Read more News Uganda Tourism Board To License Tour Guides In an effort to grow tourism in the country, the Uganda Tourism Board has embarked on a drive to license all tour guides in the country. Read more Travel Top 10 Tips For A Self-Drive Safari Our top tips on how to make sure you have the best self-drive safari experience possible. Read more Travel The Best Time To Visit Tanzania Find out which time of year is best to visit Tanzania for wildlife viewing in the major national parks and tracking the wildebeest migration. Read more Travel Top 6 Horseback Safaris in Africa A great way to explore Africa is on horseback, here's some of our favourite destinations for a horseback safari. Read more News Brand New Luxury Product To Open in Kruger National Park An exciting new luxury property set on a train carriage is expected to open in South Africa in December. Read more Travel The Best Water Activities in Africa Discover some of Africa's most exciting water-based activities. Read more News National Arts Festival Begins in South Africa Details on the annual National Arts Festival, beginning in South Africa on 27th June. Read more Travel Kenya's Best Safari Parks And Reserves Discover Kenya's greatest destinations for a safari experience. Read more News Dates Announced for England vs South Africa Test Cricket Series Cricket South Africa have officially announced the dates for England’s tour to South Africa for the test cricket series in 2020. Read more We had such an amazing time! The trip was just wonderful and everything went super smoothly. Very happy to recommend both hotels as well as Africa Travel to our friends and family! Meet Our Experts Chris Wain Sales Director Chris joined Africa Travel directly from university in 1992 and knows both the company and Africa extremely well. Read more Simon Taylor Sales Supervisor, London Simon has 15 years experience working in travel and has been with Africa Travel since 2007. Read more Felicity Balcomb Sales Advisor, London Felicity, who joined Africa Travel in 2004, has worked in the travel industry for over 30 years and originally comes from South Africa's KwaZulu Natal province Read more Emma Hunt Sales Advisor, London Emma got a taste of travelling when she was young, she has been travelling all around the world. However it was in Africa where Emma found her heart. Read more Laura Miles Sales Advisor, London Laura's love of travel has taken her to Asia, South and Central America and Africa, but the latter is where she could return to, time and time again. Read more Christine Klerck Manager, Cape Town Christine fell in love with Africa over 30 years ago, and has been managing the Cape Town office since 2008, and is looking forward to exploring Namibia more. Read more Eleanor Govender Sales Advisor, Cape Town Eleanor has been in the tourism industry for 16 years - ever since she left college. She has travelled throughout South Africa, Namibia and Botswana. Read more Charlotte Chibaduki Sales Advisor, Cape Town With almost 3 decades of her career life spent working in this industry, tourism is Charlotte' passion and life. She is passionate about meeting new people and showcasing them the wonderful sights of Africa. Read more Melissa Cronje Sales Support, Cape Town Melissa joined Africa Travel in 2015, having worked in the travel industry for 10 years. Born and bred in Cape Town, South Africa, Melissa's favourite destinations are Victoria Falls, Zimbabwe and the Garden Route. Read more Shaun Obery Sales Support, Cape Town Shaun joined the travel industry just over 10 years ago, working first for an online travel booking portal and an ecotourism company, specialising in sustainable travel in Southern and East Africa. Read more Michael Klerck Cape Town Specialist Michael started guiding last year and the experience has been amazing for him. He is our resident expert on everything Cape Town. He is passionate about showcasing all the best that Cape Town has to offer. Read more Christine Grant Horticultural Expert, Cape Town Christine first came to Africa as a young woman and immediately felt a connection which has never allowed her to leave. She lived in Johannesburg and in Knysna on the Garden Route, but came to Cape Town 22 years ago and realised it was where she wanted to be! Read more Alyson Riches Botanical Expert, Cape Town Alyson grew up in Zimbabwe and it was her parents who influenced her a great love of the African bush. It was not just a love of the wildlife but the plant and bird life and everything that is associated in the wild spaces of Africa. Read more Featured in the Press modal Tailor-made Request Form Please complete the below details so that we can forward you a personalised holiday quotation Fields marked * are required Name * Last Name * Telephone * Request a Callback Preferred callback time Morning Lunchtime Afternoon Email Address * Preferred Date of Travel (e.g.22/07/2019) * Duration (Nights) Destinations you are interested in Botswana Kenya Madagascar Malawi Mauritius Mozambique Namibia Rwanda Seychelles South Africa Tanzania Uganda Zambia Zimbabwe Other Number of Adults * Please Choose 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Number of Children 0 1 2 3 4 Child ages 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 Budget (per person) Please Choose £1,500 - £2,499 £2,500 - £3,499 £3,500 - £4,499 Over £4,500 Where did you hear about us? * Please select Bing Conde Nast Spa Guide Conde Nast Traveller Daily Mail Email/newsletter Events Friends/family Google Harpers Bazaar Tatler Magazine Tatler Travel Guide Tatler Spa Guide The Telegraph Times Twitter Travelled with you before Wedding magazine Woman & Home Other Is there anything else you can tell us about your travel plans? for example: is your trip to celebrate a special occasion? Keep me updated on the latest news and special offers from Africa Travel Submit Enquiry Please note that due to the fluctuating currency at this time, all quotes are subject to change at time of booking. modal Social Links Destinations South Africa Zimbabwe Botswana Namibia Zambia Kenya Malawi Mozambique Rwanda Tanzania Madagascar Mauritius Seychelles Uganda Sao Tome and Principe Ethiopia Experiences Safari Beach Family Honeymoon Self-Drive Safari & Beach Gorilla Trekking Whale Watching First Time Safari Art & Culture Wedding List Wedding List Useful Links About Us Contact us Wishlist Travel Tips Off The Press FAQs Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Online Payment The Telegraph South Africa Supplement Travel Insurance Reviews Designed by 