Argyll on Clyde, Central Otago - Homestay, boutique bed and breakfast. start header Toggle navigation Argyll on Clyde Home Accommodation Availability Gallery Location Contact Us end header start main area start main slider end main slider end main area start service area Argyll On Clyde Bed & Breakfast Welcome Alan and Trish welcome you to their contemporary home situated in the historic gold-mining town of Clyde, overlooking the Clyde Golf Course and Dunstan mountains. Our boutique accommodation offers complimentary Laundry, Spa, Barbecue, Bike Storage and Off-street parking. We are child friendly with portable cot and highchair. Your hosts are ex-farmers who enjoy meeting people, walking, cycling, golfing and fishing. We also operate a 4 wheel drive safari business, for people who wish to visit the rugged high country for spectacular scenery and flora on back country roads with an abundant history from early New Zealand. Go on a back country drive to one of our many local wineries for a lazy lunch or custom make your own safari. Or go fishing, spin or fly with Alan on a high country lake or river. Guests may ask for a special discount rate when they stay, fish or take a tour with Central Otago Rock and Tussocks. Check out the website www.centralotagosafaris.co.nz A friendly place to rest at the beginning or end of the Central Otago Rail Trail. Accommodation Three rooms available Single rate available, see rooms for details. Tariff includes continental breakfast using local produce in season. Room 1 Blairgowrie Ensuite bathroom with shower and bath. $170.00 for 2 adults per night $150.00 Single Rate Facilities Luxurious Queen bed Top quality linen TV - Freeview Bathrobes Free Wifi Room 2 Alyth Private or guest share bathroom. $150.00 for 2 adults per night $140.00 Single Rate Facilities Luxurious Queen bed Top quality linen TV - Freeview Bathrobes Free Wifi Room 3 Meigle Private or guest share bathroom. $130.00 for 2 adults per night $130.00 Single Rate Facilities Twin room Luxurious single twin beds Top quality linen Bathrobes Free Wifi end service area start team area Availability You can check the availability of our units via our calendars below. Blairgowrie Availability Alyth Availability Meigle Availability end team area start work area Gallery Click to Enlarge Click to Enlarge Click to Enlarge Click to Enlarge Click to Enlarge Click to Enlarge Click to Enlarge Click to Enlarge Click to Enlarge end work area start about area Location Clyde is located in the South Island of New Zealand on the banks of the Clutha River in Central Otago. It is close to the tourist locations of Queenstown and Wanaka, 5 ski-fields and nearby are numerous vineyards which specialise in Central Otago's reknown Pinot Noir wine. Central Otago Rock & Tussock Safaris/Tours/Fishing www.otagocentralrailtrail.co.nz www.bikeitnow.co.nz www.centralotagonz.com www.railtrail.co.nz www.accommodationinnewzealand.co.nz www.trailjourneys.co.nz www.purveyors.co.nz end about area start contact area Contact us Trish and Alan May 1 Annan Street, Clyde, Central Otago, NZ +64 (0) 3 449 3268 or +64 (0) 27 4318241 Alternatively, you can complete the form below and we will get in touch. end contact area start footer area Cancellation Policy A cancellation fee of one night’s total tariff will apply if you fail to cancel your reservation 48 hours prior to the day of your expected arrival. Failure to cancel a booking prior to arrival may result in the total reservation being charged. This is at the proprietor’s discretion. The cancellation fee may be waived if we are able to re-let the room/s for the period of the reservation cancelled. Copyright © Argyll on Clyde Bed & Breakfast. All rights reserved. Site by: Sort it Web Design end footer area Bootstrap core JavaScript 