Home - Austrian Haus skip to Main Content Open Mobile Menu Home Rates Specials Events Photo Gallery Directions Contact Area Info #site-navigation #header All Welcome from Bikers to Hikers, Skiers to Snowmobilers INDOOR HEATED POOL, SAUNA, GAME ROOM, LOUNGE W/FIREPLACE AND WIFI SERVICE Sorry No Pets Allowed Reserve an In-House Massage Located up on a hill, 3 miles south of Mount Snow, overlooking scenic Rt 100N the Austrian Haus Lodge brings country charm and personal service together in a beautiful setting. Swim in the pool, unwind in the sauna, play in the game room, come and relax in the lounge by the fireplace, use the WIFI service and meet new friends or enjoy an in house massage with Marci. The Mount Snow region is home to a myriad of activities all year long. During the winter season, 103 trails and 20 lifts and 588 acres make Mount Snow one of the East’s premier ski resorts. For people who desire more than alpine skiing, there is cross country skiing, snowshoeing, snowmobiling and tubing. Also in Brattleboro there is Ice Skating and Ice fishing. For the spring and summer there are 3 golf courses nearby for all levels of play. Go mountain biking at Mount Snow or explore the countryside whether on motorbikes, mountain bikes, horseback or foot. Visitors can swin, fish, picnic, go boating or hike at the lakes. Year round features include country shopping, museums, galleries, historical sites, antiquing, candle pin bowling and a local movie theater. But at the end of the day, all roads lead back to the Austrian Haus, where relaxation is taken seriously. Book Online Now Children are 8 and under, over 8 count as an adult when booking. RATES ARE SUBJECT TO CHANGE CALL US FOR SAME DAY BOOKINGS   Indian Vegetarian Buffet Dinner, second Sunday of each month from Dec. to March, except April and November. Call ahead for reservations at 802-464-3911. Book an in house massage with Marci Himelson . Relax and get a massage while you are here! Area Highlights Mount Snow Ski Area World Class Ski Timber Creek Cross Country Ski and Snow Shoeing Area High Country Snowmobile and Boat Rentals Mount Snow Golf Course Mount Snow Valley Chamber Book an in house massage with Marci Himelson, before your arrival to the lodge. Zoar Adventure Center Some of our Rooms #single-blocks #content #primary .container #main-content .footer-one-box Contact Info 6 Abroad Road West Dover, VT 05356 802-464-3911 .footer-one-box Weather Forecast Wind Chill Advisory Issued: 3:36 AM EST on February 01, 2019 Expires: 11:00 AM EST on February 01, 2019 Friday 02/01 10% Clear Partly cloudy. High 11F. Winds W at 10 to 15 mph. .footer-one-box #footer-widgets #footer-widgets #footer Copyright Austrian Haus #copyright #footer-bottom-inner #footer-bottom #wrap #outer-wrap × 