Argo Studios & Apartments - Benitses - Corfu [ Top wrapper ] --------------------[ Navigation ]-------------------- Menu Hotel Restaurant & Bar Rooms Photos Location Prices Contact Ελληνικά English /Navigation /Top wrapper Loading --------------------[ Reservation Bar ]-------------------- Check in Check out Number of Nights: 0 Adults 1 2 3 4 Children 0 1 2 3 4 Search View our Pricing LEFT Area Welcome to Argo, Poolside Restaurant-Bar & Accommodation Anne  and  family  would like to give you a warm welcome to the Argo Website! We are a small self-catering  hotel  and  restaurant  business at the heart of the quaint village of Benitses in Corfu. The village is centrally situated on the East Coast of Corfu, with Corfu Town and the Airport easily accessible within twenty minutes.   The name Argo firstly appeared in Benitses on the signs and menu of our small Taverna that was located by the village Green opposite the harbour in Benitses. With hard work and a passion to provide the most amazing culinary and truly Greek experience, the Argo quickly became one of the most popular restaurants in Benitses, Corfu. After all these years we still maintain the same passion and have taken the Argo experience to a new level, offering an all round family holiday package. We have combined our new excellent self catering accommodation facilities with our restaurant and have kept the same friendly attitude and temperament of providing an excellent culinary experience in a traditionally Greek and friendly way. Argo accommodation, restaurant, pool and bar are situated thirty metres through the village street, opposite the Benitses kiosk. The Argo was formerly known as Roulla Studios when we worked together with Olympic Holidays in previous years. However, we are now proud to announce that the Argo is operating independently therefore bookings can now be made through Anne and family. As well as the testimonials that appear on the left hand side of the pages there are numerous positive reviews on other sites which can be read using the links below http://www.holidaywatchdog.com http://www.reviewcentre.com http://www.holidays-uncovered.co.uk We enjoy what we do and love our business, so hospitality comes naturally to us. We give passion and great effort to ensure our guests are comfortable and relaxed and nothing gives us more pleasure than seeing our guests and friends return year after year with the whole family. We have done our best to create a website that is reflective of everything the Argo has to offer. We hope you enjoy and please do not hesitate to contact us if you have any questions or would like further information. Accommodation Here at the Argo, Benitses rooms and apartments we offer thirteen spacious & well kept studio rooms and one fabulous top floor two bedroom apartment. All rooms are en-suite. Typically Greek, our accommodation is basic. We pride ourselves on our first class service and our high standard of cleanliness. We ensure that every room is extremely well presented, comfortable and fresh throughout your stay. All of our rooms have balconies from which you can enjoy the exceptional views of our Swimming Pool/Garden, the Inland of Benitses and the Sea. Each room is fitted with an individually controlled Air Conditioning facility, ensuring that our guests are kept cool in the summer and warm & cosy during the winter. All of our rooms are equipped with self catering facilities which include a fridge, cooker and hob, pots & pans, cutlery, crockery, drinking glasses and a kettle.  Maid service is daily with the exception of Sundays, Jenny will provide you with fresh towels and clean bed linen and ensure your environment is clean. A laundry service is available upon request which includes a washing machine, irons and ironing boards. Also available upon request are hairdryers, plug adapters, safety deposit boxes and Cots. Although we do not offer a bed and breakfast or half board option, our pool bar/restaurant is open from 8am till midnight and offers an extensive breakfast, lunch and dinner menu which is very good value for money. The Studios (Sleeps up to 3 guests) Each of our studios is different in character. You have the choice of twin or double beds and we can provide an extra bed for parties of 3. All studios are en-suite and have individual balconies equipped with furniture and awnings. The Apartment (Sleeps up to 5 guests) Our ever popular top floor newly refurbished two bed room apartment, has one double bedroom with tremendous pool & sea views, one triple bedroom with a spectacular mountain view, a kitchen/diner & lounge area, luxury corner bath & shower en-suite and a large outdoor terrace/balcony equipped with furniture and awnings. Amenities Centrally located 30 meters from all shops/bars and restaurants and the Beach Swimming Pool and Bar The Argo Restaurant Air Conditioned Accommodation Self Catering Facilities Daily Maid Service Luggage Room Wake Up Calls General & Local Information Excursion Information Car & Bike Hire Information Library Selection of Games Postal Service All major credit cards accepted at the Pool Bar and Restaurant Upon request: Laundry Service Safety Deposit Boxes  Arrival & Departure times Check in 14.00    Check out 11.00 Best Wishes,   Anne and Family. Facilities General: Air Conditioning • Safety Deposit Box Internet: Free WiFi is available in all areas Outdoors: Balcony • Outdoor pool • Garden View: Sea view Activities: Library Food & Drink: Bar • Snack bar • Restaurant Services: Car hire • Laundry • Fax/photocopying • Sunbeds & Umbrellas • iron Languages spoken: Greek • English Photo Gallery RIGHT Area City Breaks! Short break, long weekend or just a few days in the sun. Book with us now and Take advantage of our special Offers for May We have been awarded! Restaurant Guru 2019 Recommended Argo Restaurant Our Awards: 9.4 Review score 2018 Argo Studios & Apartments > Get directions from: Airport | Port | Lefkimmi | Sidari Best sights in area: Benitses 0 Km Achileion 1.7 Km Kaizer Bridge 1.7 Km Perama 4 Km /container Let's socialize Powered by Smart Hotels Traveler's Guide Airport Port Blue Bus Local Weather Best Places Agios Gordios Marathias Barbati Sidari Best Sights Corfu Town Achileion Old Peritheia Korission Lake Saltworks Who we are Argo Studios & Apartments Old Village , Benitses , 49084 , Greece (+30)2661072630 (+30)2661072086 (+30)2661072630 [email protected] N39.545980 , E19.911947 Administrator Area END pageWrapper 