Washington DC Bed and Breakfast | Centrally Located near Dupont Circle Google Tag Manager (noscript) End Google Tag Manager (noscript) Home Map Photos (202) 588-1180 American Guest House A Washington DC B&B Book Call Map Gallery Toggle navigation Menu Menu Rooms Rooms Overview Comparison Chart Amenities Policies Business Travelers Specials & Packages Specials Packages Enhancements Gift Certificates Breakfast About About Us Photo Gallery Map & Directions Our Area Historic Neighborhoods History & Museums Blog Rooms Specials & Packages Breakfast About Us About Us Business Travelers Map & Directions Photo Gallery Our Area Blog Gift Certificates end .navbar Check Rates Reservations end header Previous Next Washington DC Bed and Breakfast Centrally Located in Kalorama near Dupont Circle Our Washington DC bed and breakfast is centrally located in Kalorama near DuPont Circle and within walking distance of most of DC’s favorite attractions. Travelers choose to stay here for many reasons: the delicious breakfast , the homey feel, the cozy rooms , and the unbeatable location. .post-content .container Comfortable Rooms with Private Baths Step back in time to our stately twelve-bedroom Colonial-style home built in 1893. Each of our well-appointed rooms includes a comfortable bed, an en-suite private bath, rich fabrics, oriental rugs, and wood floors. Pick the Perfect Room Gourmet Breakfast Start your morning off with a homemade breakfast, specially prepared for our guests each morning. Before embarking on your day in DC, join other guests in the dining room for lively conversations over coffee and a wide variety of delicious dishes. We serve a different scrumptious breakfast each morning and are happy to accommodate dietary restrictions. After breakfast at our DC Inn, you’ll be ready for a full day in the bustling city! Homemade Breakfast A Perfect DC Location American Guest House is centrally located in Washington, DC, near DuPont Circle and is within walking distance of most of Washington DC’s favorite attractions. Check out our area > Specials & Packages Graduation Events in DC Coming to DC for graduation? Stay a minimum of 3 nights and enjoy a 10% discount off of our Best Available Rate. Learn More > .row Box Of Chocolates To share or to enjoy alone, a special chocolate box will be the perfect choice for all chocolate lovers! $45 Learn More > .row Sparkling Celebration Upon your arrival, we will place a bottle of the finest Moet & Chandon Champagne and fresh Strawberries in your room. This French Champagne will be a perfect way to start your visit in Washington DC. $110 Learn More > .row .feature-slider-container .border-inset-container .container Join Our Mailing List Sign up for our newsletter to be the first to learn about upcoming events and seasonal specials. Begin MailChimp Signup Form Email Address real people should not fill this in and expect good things - do not remove this or risk form bot signups If you are human, do not fill out this field Sign Up End mc_embed_signup From Our Guests... “We wished we’d stayed longer. The room was immaculately clean and well kept, with everything we needed. We loved the surprise they left in our room to celebrate our anniversary.” .flexible-content-container end post-content end container end post end #main end #content end .main-content-area American Guest House A Washington DC Bed and Breakfast 2005 Columbia Rd NW Washington , DC 20009 .footer-address (202) 588-1180 info@americanguesthouse.com Facebook Instagram Twitter Pinterest end .social-links-contianer end .container Rooms Specials Breakfast About Business Travelers Map Our Area Gift Certificates Reservations end .container end .footer-links-container end .footer-top © 2019 American Guest House Website Design by White Stone Marketing Photography by Tracy Toler & Christian Giannelli Privacy Policy end footer 