ABERERCH SANDS HOLIDAY CENTRE Pwllheli, Gwynedd, North Wales, LL53 6PJ Tel: 01758 612327       Fax: 01758 701556 E-mail Us - Where We Are Home | Booking Form | Conditions | Facilities | Where We Are | Prices | Links | Caravans For Sale | E-mail Us NEW! Caravans for Sale   A GREAT HOLIDAY BY THE SEA! Imagine your own four mile private sandy beach with a sparkling sea warmed by the gulf stream. Safe bathing, water-ski-ing, boating or just splashing around. Coves and sandy beaches abound in this part of the lovely LLEYN PENINSULA. There are over two hundred Private Caravan / Chalet, Touring Caravan and Camping Pitches against the sea. Heated indoor swimming pool for exclusive use of our holiday visitors and residents, complete with adjacent patio area. From the site you can get breathtaking views of SNOWDONIA and CARDIGAN BAY. A safe sandy beach runs the whole length of the site. All touring and tent pitches are a short walk away from the golden sand-dunes and the sea. Touring pitches are separately marked and provided with water supply and electrical hook-ups. The level grass site allows carefree camping, and electrical hook-ups are also available for tents. There is also a rally field available. Pwllheli with shops, restaurants and pubs is only two miles down the road. The leisure centre and the marina are well worth a visit. In the area there are interesting places to visit. Brochures are available from the office for local attractions, i.e. slate mines, sea zoo, air museum and small trains to name just a few. Dogs are allowed on site but must be kept on a lead at all times; the management reserves the right to limit the number and size of dogs brought onto the site. Please use the Links page to find out more about the area and things to do. WE NOW ACCEPT PAYMENT BY VISA, MASTERCARD, SWITCH OR DELTA Home | Booking Form | Conditions | Facilities | Where We Are | Prices | Links | Caravans For Sale | E-mail Us If you have any queries or comments about the Abererch Sands Holiday Centre web site, please e-mail the Webmaster 