Agni Suites in Lefkada, Nikiana English Ελληνικά Română Русский Italiano 360 Accommodation Starfish Suite Buru Suite Shell Suite Coral Suite Seahorse Suite Prince Suite Queen Suite King Suite Onar Villa About Us Guestbook Facilities Leisure Our Concierge Beach & swimming pool Snack Bar Location Beaches Lefkada The isle of poets Sightseeing Gallery Contact Online Booking Special Offers Welcome Our Suites on Lefkada Welcome to Agni Suites! Since 1992, we offer optimal quality hospitality and services to our guests. You can relax at our snack bar, or start off your day with a rich traditional Greek breakfast of hot and cold handmade and home-inspired delicacies served daily in our garden. Agni Suites and Apartments are located on Lefkada Island Greece are built in one demesne 2500 sq. meters next to the sea and very quietly. Our accommodation offers view to the sea, big balcony, air condition, TV, private bathroom, hairdryer and cuisine, etc. View the Virtual Tour of our External Areas View more rooms King Suite Queen Suite Prince Suite Seahorse Suite Discover Santorini Island In the heart of Nikiana Discover our location in Lefkada Agni Suites are located near the heart of beautiful Nikiana. In close proximity to our complex you will find various restaurants, a super market, traditional bakeries, café, a pharmacy, a butcher shop, and beach bars, which you can visit all within walking distance. Guests can enjoy swimming in our fully organized private beach which is equipped with parasols and lounge chairs, or relax playing ping-pong in our garden. Lefkada Beaches Lefkada Sightseeing Lefkada, the isle of poets… We plan your Holidays in Lefkada Discover English Ελληνικά Română Русский Italiano Lefkada Nikiana 31100 Greece +30 2645071746 +30 6936946638 (Booking manager) +30 2645071746 agni_studios@yahoo.gr MHTE: 0831K122K471500 Cookies Policy We use cookies to offer you a better browsing experience, analyze site traffic, personalize content, and serve targeted advertisements. If you continue to use this site, you consent to our use of cookies. Cookies Policy Settings I ACCEPT MANAGE YOUR COOKIES Strictly Necessary Cookies Off On Necessary cookies help make a website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas of the website. The website cannot function properly without these cookies. Preference Cookies Off On Preference cookies enable a website to remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks, like your preferred language or the region that you are in. Statistic Cookies Off On Statistic cookies help website owners to understand how visitors interact with websites by collecting and reporting information anonymously. Marketing Cookies Off On Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites. The intention is to display ads that are relevant and engaging for the individual user and thereby more valuable for publishers and third party advertisers. [if lte IE 8]><style>.attachment:focus { outline: #1e8cbe solid; } .selected.attachment { outline: #1e8cbe solid; }</style><![endif] noptimize /noptimize noptimize /noptimize 