Amaroo On Mandalay on Magnetic Island Australia Google Tag Manager (noscript) End Google Tag Manager (noscript) To provide you with the best experience, Amaroo On Mandalay uses its own and third-party cookies on its website for technical, analytical and marketing purposes. By continuing to browse our site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies. Please consult our Cookie Notice for more information. Menu Book now +61 7 4778 5200 Menu +61 7 4778 5200 en Deutsch English American English Español en Argentina Español français Italiano Nederlands Русский Türkçe 中文 繁體中文 Book now Rooms Photos Events Activities Local area About Us Contact Reviews Dining Reservations Check-in Check-out Book now Take a break with us at Amaroo On Mandalay Resort on beautiful Magnetic Island! We’re just a hop skip and a jump from Townsville. Catch the ferry or bring your car over on the barge for a relaxing holiday. There is no other place quite like it on the island. The resort is truly a great place to unwind and relax. Spacious and roomy, Amaroo On Mandalay is also an affordable family get away, with plenty of room to run around. Wildlife is plentiful around the resort, we feed cockatoos, lorikeets and kookaburras daily. At dusk numerous rock wallabies and possums appear, and you are welcome to feed them pellets available from reception. We know you will enjoy your stay at Amaroo On Mandalay….it’s a lovely beautiful place. Our Swimming Pool is very unique! It’s like a big mineral spa! Our Magna Pool has a unique blend of natural ocean minerals so you actually gain health benefits just by being in the water. One of the minerals, Magnesium Chloride is absorbed through the skin at cellular level. This extremely important mineral can aid in the reduction of stress, anxiety, aches and pains. It also plays a vital part in detoxifying the body. Reservations Check-in Check-out Book now Amaroo On Mandalay +61 7 4778 5200 61-79 Mandalay Avenue 4819 Nelly Bay Australia info@amarooonmandalay.com.au Facebook Sitemap Privacy policy Cookie notice clearfix end © 2019 Digital marketing by BookingSuite . BookingSuite is a brand of Booking.com . Have confidence in the world-class customer support that comes along with Booking.com footer-inner end footer end 