Anchorage | Wells-next-the-Sea | Self catering holiday accommodation Anchorage Wells-next-the-Sea, Norfolk Self catering holiday accommodation Anchorage 10 Mill Court, Wells-next-the-Sea, Norfolk, NR23 1HF 01328 710258 07818 698951 Home Accommodation Location <li><a href="pages/availability.html">Availability</a></li> Tariffs Booking Contact us "I must go down to the seas again, For the call of the running tide, Is a wild call and a clear call That may not be denied; And all I ask is sunny day with the white clouds flying. And the flowing spray and the blown spume, And the sea gulls crying." Sea Fever, John Masefield 1878-1967 About Anchorage .. Delightful accommodation offers all the comforts of home, situated in the quaint seaside town of Wells-next-the-Sea on the North Norfolk Coast. The picturesque quayside with its fishing boats and stall to buy the fresh catch of the day adds to its charm. In summer and winter children (or is it the fathers), are drawn to the quay to drop lines to gillie (fish for crabs). The wonderful sandy beaches, lined with beach huts (mine is to rent by prior arrangement) is backed by dunes, pinewoods, full of foxgloves, honeysuckle and orchids (depending on the time of year). We now have seals lounging on the beach, usually in the winter months.     The Norfolk coast and surrounding countryside is an area rich in wildlife, superb views, historic villages and fishing quays, ideal for walking, bird/seal watching, sailing and sun worship. Holkham Hall, Royal Sandringham and Heacham Lavender just a short drive away. Wells has a good selection of excellent shops, restaurants, pubs plus large antique centre within a short walk of Anchorage. First class race course at Fakenham. Wells has the longest ten inch gauge railway in the world running 4 miles to famous Walsingham. A shorter light railway runs from the quay to the beach. A Horse & Carriage can show you the sights of Wells or Alpaca treking can be arranged for a walk along the coast with a picnic!!!! A Lavender Experience HoneyStore web designs 