Carriage House InnAiken Carriage House Inn MOBILE Carriage House Inn History The Experience Home Special Occasions Frequently Asked Questions Concierge Rental Properties Accommodations Aiken Reservations Contact // logo or site title markup in nav area Carriage House Inn History / The Experience / Home Special Occasions Frequently Asked Questions Concierge Rental Properties Accommodations / Aiken / Reservations / Contact / navigation-top // page thumbnail image as banner image // logo or site title markup in banner area Carriage House Inn // page title markup in banner area Aiken Carriage House Inn banner-area-wrapper // logo or site title markup in nav area Carriage House Inn History / The Experience / Home Special Occasions Frequently Asked Questions Concierge Rental Properties Accommodations / Aiken / Reservations / Contact / navigation-bottom page-header-wrapper END .sqs-gallery-meta-container // CATEGORY NAV   Discover the charm of Aiken. The Carriage House Inn invites you to enjoy comfortably elegant accommodations amidst the charm and abundance of the many fine dining, cultural and shopping opportunities in historic downtown Aiken, SC. This luxuriously restored historic Inn caters to all - Equine enthusiasts, couples in search of romance, corporate travelers and tourists exploring our charming town. Relax in one of our 37 uniquely decorated accommodations. From deluxe queen guest rooms with private baths to premium king rooms with double whirlpools and king suites with kitchens, you are sure to find the perfect room to suit your needs. Explore dining, shopping and cultural activities and the rich history Aiken has to offer. They’re just outside your door. Hike Hitchcock Woods, watch World Class Polo, tour Hopelands Gardens and the Thoroughbred Hall of Fame, or just take time to relax in our quiet town. Enjoy some of the simple, yet luxurious pleasures in life – Snug beds, a wonderful breakfast and a warm, generous staff awaiting your arrival. Our front desk is open daily 8:00am-8:00pm to assist you with booking your reservations at the Carriage House Inn!     Accommodations There are so many reasons to love Carriage House Inn and the complementary breakfasts and chocolate chip cookies are the icing on the cake.  More info Special Occasions Once in a lifetime occasions deserve amazing venues. Carriage House Inn is the venue your occasion deserves.  More info Aiken, South Carolina Visit Carriage House Inn and learn why Aiken is one of the South's best kept secrets.                                            More info     “ The Aiken Carriage House Inn was the perfect get away for my wife and I. Aiken is such a charming town. ” Book Your Room     content-wrapper page-body-wrapper LIKE US ON FACEBOOK CARRIAGE HOUSE INN | 139 Laurens St NW, Aiken, SC 29801 |  (803) 644-5888 -- page-footer-wrapper canvas-wrapper 