Alert Bay Lodge is a waterfront inn providing accommodation in Alert Bay, BC. Enjoy our Great Room, our included hot breakfast and our concierge service. Home Rooms & Rates Activities & Meals About Travel Links Contact Book a Room Menu end container_wrap close content main element Alert Bay Lodge – Waterfront Accommodation in Alert Bay, BC See our Special Offer at Rooms and Rates Orcas Everyone’s favourite, but our tours also see minke and humpback whales, Pacific white-sided dolphins Dahl porpoises and sea lions. Grizzly Bears On this ten-hour expedition a fast, covered boat heads west to Knight Inlet where we view grizzlies from the boat or viewing skiffs. close column table wrapper. Autoclose: 1 Meals Hot or cold breakfasts with all the trimmings (included). Dinners can be roast chicken, pot roast, fish or a Buddha bowl. Unique Attractions See us about the Ecological Gardens, Big Tree Trail, U’Mista Cultural Centre, dancing at the ‘Namgis Big House and “Culture Shock”. close column table wrapper. Autoclose: 1 Self-Guided Activities Our staff and free colour map tell it all!  Biking, trail walking, kayaking, tour operators and festivals. See a sample itinerary Day 1 Catch the 2:10 pm or a later ferry to Cormorant Island (check in time is after 3:00 pm). The last of six ferries to the Island leaves Port McNeill at 9:30 pm. Don’t worry, we’ll wait for you if you’re on the last boat at 9:30 pm – but please call ahead! We’ll offer you a coffee or tea, a map of the Island and introduce you to local sights and attractions. You can also order dinner for the next evening at the lodge. In the evening have dinner out at one of several restaurants. Day 2 Spend the day visiting the U’Mista Cultural Centre, the Ecological Gardens, the Big Tree Trail and the T’sasala Cultural Group. All are within walking distance of Alert Bay Lodge. Or take a morning whale watching trip. Enjoy a glass of wine on the sundeck as the sun sets.  Day 3 Full day grizzly bear viewing. The 12 passenger boat picks up near Alert Bay Lodge at about 7:00 am and returns at approximately 4:00 pm. In the evening, enjoy a stroll east from Alert Bay Lodge along the ocean road into the residential areas. Day 4 Relax with a leisurely breakfast and say farewell to your fellow guests. Check out time is 11:00 am. On the way to the ferry do some last minute shopping Amazing Scenery Johnstone Strait is busy: tugs tow barges, commercial and pleasure craft sail by. Hike our winding streets and you’ll see most homes have a water and mountain view. close column table wrapper. Autoclose: 1 close content main div Alert Bay Lodge is a west coast retreat lying off the pristine north-east coast of Vancouver Island, B.C. Located on the south shore of Cormorant Island, the lodge overlooks  Johnstone Strait . This narrow, glacier-carved waterway is home to a population of over 200 resident orcas, the largest pod in the world. close column table wrapper. Autoclose: 1 close content main div Cedar log in construction, the Lodge was originally a church. This legacy is reflected in the arched cedar beams that frame the expansive Great Room and the former pulpit which now serves as a second the dining room. In the Great Room guests can peruse the library, relax by the woodstove and exchange stories with other guests. close column table wrapper. Autoclose: 1 close content main div Orcas are often spotted from the sundeck, which is a stone’s throw from the beach. Across the Strait from the Lodge, the Vancouver Island Mountain Range rises from the shores of Vancouver Island, providing a stunning backdrop to our ocean view. close column table wrapper. Autoclose: 1 close content main div Previous Next close section Year round attractions The lodge is busiest from mid-June to the end of September when orca and grizzly bear viewing is prime. We utilize a variety of operators for our bear tours and whale watching trips, most of whom pick up near the lodge. Please contact us to make sure we find the right tour for you. Towards late September things start to wind down. There is an out-migration of sorts: the salmon have moved into the streams, the bears retreat to hibernate and the resident orcas head out into the open ocean.  Most visitors to the Island follow this cycle. Others come to enjoy the winter storms, savour the crisp air tinged with cedar and salt and read by the fire. Others simply find solitude in this small community.  The U’Mista Culture Centre is open and our few restaurants and pubs keep varying hours. 1.800.255.5057 reservations@alertbaylodge.com EVENTS CALENDAR close column table wrapper. Autoclose: 1 close content main div “ Best Kept Secret ” This lodge was our home away from home for three nights, and I’d love to keep it a secret; however, I want everyone to be able to enjoy this lodge in the most beautiful setting imaginable! Our room and accommodations were perfect, and the breakfast prepared for us each morning, was just wonderful! I can’t say enough about Nina, her sweet place, and her ability to ensure her guests are comfortable and have everything they need (including, salmon fishing info and trip arranged at the last minute). I don’t think I’ve ever stayed at a place where the breakfast was prepared specifically for each guest. I will always remember Nina’s kindness and hospitality! Anita from Mississippi, August 28, 2018 close content main div Open Net Salmon Farms In November 2017 we were pleased to host representatives of the Council for Canadians as part of its protest against open net salmon farms in the Broughton Archipelago. The Musgamagw Dzawada’enuxw, ‘Namgis and Mamalilkala First Nations have never given their consent to open-pen Atlantic salmon feedlots operating in their territories and are now demanding that both the provincial and federal governments recognize their right to traditional fishery and have the fish farms removed. See the video “ Get Fish Farms Out ” shot in the Broughton, in Alert Bay and at Alert Bay Lodge. close content main div section close by builder template end builder template close default .container_wrap element   Waterfront Accommodation in Alert Bay, BC 1.800.255.5057 ####### END FOOTER CONTAINER ####### © Copyright - Alert Bay Lodge ####### END SOCKET CONTAINER ####### end main end wrap_all Scroll to top 