Agios Nikolaos Hotels Crete Artemis Beach Hotel Havania Beach Agios Nikolaos Crete Home Rooms & Rates Facilities & Services Photos Contact Us Reservations RESERVATIONS EN DE RESERVATIONS Welcome to Artemis Beach Hotel in Havania Agios Nikolaos Crete Agios Nikolaos Hotel Kreta Griechenland Artemis Beach Hotel Havania Unterkunft Kreta Urlaub Kreta Looking for the perfect retreat to enjoy a sun kissed holiday in a relaxing ambiance? Escape to Artemis Beach Hotel in Havania Agios Nikolaos Crete! Artemis Beach Hotel Crete is located in the peaceful settlement of Havania, built along Mirabello Bay, at close proximity to Agios Nikolaos Town, on the beautiful island of Crete Greece. Havania is a scenic area with amazing natural beauty, several lovely beaches and breathtaking sunset views. Indeed, it makes the perfect backdrop for Agios Nikolaos Crete hotels, where you can relish an unforgettable vacation in Crete. At the Artemis Beach Hotel in Agios Nikolaos, Crete you will be treated to genuine Cretan hospitality, accommodation, high quality service and an array of leisure hotel facilities. Our delightfully quenching swimming pool will fascinate you and is the ideal spot to unwind and feel refreshed. The hotel consists of 13 tastefully furnished rooms, breathing out a sense of luxury all providing a spectacular vista of the Cretan Sea or the beautiful countryside. We are expecting you at the Artemis Beach Crete Hotel Rooms in Havania Agios Nikolaos Crete which operates all year round to escape from the hustle and bustle of everyday life and spend the vacations of your dreams. Havania Agios Nikolaos, Lassithi, Crete The settlement of Havania is located on the northern side of Lassithi prefecture, in Mirabello Bay area. The area is one of the most picturesque in Crete Greece, as the town is built amphitheatrically above the bay, has stunning beaches and lush vegetation and offers a spellbinding sunset view. It is a serene settlement, located close to Agios Nikolaos Town (Agios Nocolaos), providing peace and quiet, as well as easy access to all the entertainment venues and shops. Get rejuvenated in a serene setting enjoying delightful facilities just a few steps form Havania Beach in Crete! RESERVATIONS Lassithi – Crete Greece Crete is one of the finest holiday destinations in the world as it is such a versatile island offering fantastic beaches, fertile mountains and hills, outstanding archaeological, historical and religious sites, charming villages, delicious cuisine and the famous Cretan hospitality. Crete is comprised of 4 prefectures: Chania (Hania), Rethymnon (Rethymno), Heraklion (Iraklio) and Lassithi. Lassithi prefecture is characterized by beautiful coasts, impressive mountainous countryside, green hills and fields, excellent sightseeing, quaint windmills and the renowned palm tree beach of Vai. It is full of marvelous holiday resorts, some traditional in character, others modern, satisfying all tastes. Interesting Destinations From the Artemis Beach Hotel Rooms in Havania, Agios Nikolaos, Crete, you can easily reach the following destinations: Heraklion (Iraklio) Airport: 65 km Agios Nikolaos Port : 3 km (taxi fare: € 6) Agios Nikolaos Town: 500 m Havania Beach: 200 m Supermarket: 200 m Bus Stop: 100 m Havania, Agios Nikolaos, 72100, Lassithi, Crete Island, Greece Tel. +30 28410 22065 Fax: +30 28410 24532 Mobile: +49 172 562-0625 E-mail: info@artemisbeach-crete.com Open: All Year MH.T.E No : 1040K012A0062300 Artemis Beach Hotel Havania Beach Artemis Rooms & Rates - Agios Nikolaos Crete Hotel Facilities & Services at Lassithi Crete Greece Agios Nicolaos Crete Photos Agios Nikolaos Crete Hotel Contact Reservations for Holiday Accommodation in Crete Digital Strategy & Web Creations by: United Online S.A © Global site tag (gtag.js) - Google Analytics 