African game safaris and adventure travel to Africa Africangamesafari Menu Tours Contact us Regions Country Info Day Tours 7 wonders of South Africa Custom adventure tours to Southern Africa Adventure Travel Adventure travel tours to explore the African continent We offer tailor made itineraries for groups of any size, using any type of accommodation, going anywhere in South Africa. If you have a group of friends who would like travel together, let us know, and we'll send you a quote. We can't dream your dream for you, but we can make it happen! African game safari Is an inbound tour operator based in Johannesburg South Africa. We specialize in guided safaris and tours of all national monuments, places of historical interest, game drives, cultural villages i.e. Mandela Mansion, Soweto Township, Sun City, Gold Reef City and much more. For those of you whose interests reach beyond South Africa, we also arrange tours to Mozambique, Swaziland, Botswana and Zambia. Our Tour Guides have years of experience in Africa and are recognized as being among the best in the business. Their wealth of knowledge of the areas they tour provides a great deal of "added value" for all who join them on tour. We offer courtesy collection from most city hotels and the airport. Africangamesafari offer its guests the opportunity of a lifetime. Africa's "Big5"(Big Game) The sought after Big Game of Africa: leopard, elephant, buffalo, rhino, lion - derived their name from the big game hunters of old. It has nothing to do with size. These are the 5 most dangerous animals when wounded while hunting. Often turning back in their tracks and lying in wait for the pursuing hunter. 10 Day Kruger - Cape Town Tour Minimum 2 Passengers: Duration 10 Days 1 Night in Sabi Town on Panorama Route 4 Nights Kruger Park chalets 4 Nights in Cape Town 4* Guest house/Hotel Including: Transportation with drives in the park, entrance fees panorama route, 9 breakfasts,2 dinners and return domestic flight ticket Jhb- CT - Jhb Excluding: Entrance fees Cape Town, Lunches and dinners, alcohol and soft drinks, conservation fees, personal items and tips Price per person sharing: R13300 (1660 USD) Contact details African Game Safari Call: 0048 22 389 7017 Address: African Game Safari 41 Monument Rd Kempton Park South Africa 1619 or Visit us on Google+ Recommended Tours Drakensberg Highlights: Cape Town, Garden Route, Swazi Nation, Kruger National Park, Panorama Route,UKhahlamba Drakensberg Park 15 days Kruger, Swaziland and Lesotho Cape Town and Table Mountain Highlights: Namib Desert, Sossusvlei Dunes, Himba Tribe, Spitzkoppe, Etosha National Park, Okavango Delta, Victoria Falls Cape Town to Vic Falls camping tour Kruger National Park Highlights: Safari Kruger National Park, Zulu Nation, Blyde River Canyon, Bourkes Luck Potholes, Three Rondavels 4 Days Kruger Big-5 Camping or accommodated Africa's "Big5"(Big Game) The sought after Big Game of Africa leopard, elephant, buffalo, rhino, lion - derived their name from the big game hunters of old. It has nothing to do with size. These are the 5 most dangerous animals when wounded while hunting. Often turning back in their tracks and lying in wait for the pursuing hunter. Newsletter Signup   I accept the Terms and Conditions Search our site Sitemap | Terms And Conditions | Privacy Policy | Copyright | Disclaimer | Links 