Ada Hotel Istanbul Official Site | Hotels in Istanbul Google Tag Manager (noscript) End Google Tag Manager (noscript) To provide you with the best experience, Ada Hotel Istanbul uses its own and third-party cookies on its website for technical, analytical and marketing purposes. By continuing to browse our site, you're agreeing to our use of cookies. Please consult our Cookie Notice for more information. Menu Book now +905323862226 Menu +905323862226 Book now Why Ada? Rooms Testimonials Photos Attractions Reviews Amenities Contact Amsterdam Dance Event Reservations Check-in Check-out Book now Ada Hotel Istanbul: Luxury boutique hotel in historical Sultanahmet area Ada Hotel Istanbul is a family run boutique hotel with a home atmosphere. Ada Hotel is featured in San Francisco Chronicle Read the article online: Past, present meet in Istanbul Hotel … On a recent trip to Istanbul, I stayed at the Ada Hotel. A small boutique-style hotel two minutes' walk from the main tourist area …   Ada Hotel among Top hotels in Istanbul on Tripadvisor Ada Hotel Istanbul is rated as one of the top hotels in Istanbul in Tripadvisor.com. What makes Ada Hotel Istanbul unique and special? Spotless and clean rooms. Free wireless high speed internet (Wi-Fi) in the rooms and everywhere else in the hotel. Non-Smoking everywhere in the hotel including all rooms. Free international calling to mobile/land lines in US and Canada from your room telephone. Large rooms compared to other hotels in Sultanahmet area where most of the buildings are old and historical. Our Hotel is restored recently from ground up. Comfortable beds and high quality linens . Breathtaking views of Marmara Sea and the Sokullu Mosque from most of our rooms. Open buffet breakfast : Complementary, rich, and diverse. Like a brunch but served 8 to 10am at the terrace with a spectacular panaromic view. Attractions View Attractions Ada Hotel Istanbul View Attractions Reservations Check-in Check-out Book now Ada Hotel Istanbul +905323862226 Sehit Mehmet Pasa Yokusu Sok No:32 Sultanahmet Fatih 34122 Istanbul Turkey ada@adaistanbul.com Tripadvisor Facebook Sitemap Privacy Policy Cookie Notice clearfix end © 2019 Digital marketing by BookingSuite . BookingSuite is a brand of Booking.com . Have confidence in the world-class customer support that comes along with Booking.com footer-inner end footer end 