Adventure EcoVillas Tobago - Nature Reserve and Organis Fruit Fram with the best birdwatching and photo opportunities in the Caribbean   webbot bot="Include" U-Include="inc_top.htm" TAG="BODY" startspan Home | In the Press | Coco's Apartment | Villa Rates | Nature Reserve Bird Watching | Book a Room | Book a Car | Book a Flight Rent a Bike | Map | Photo Album | Trinidad Stopover   webbot bot="Include" i-checksum="29562" endspan   We would like to welcome you to Adventure EcoVillas, Tobago one of the best locations to view the hummingbirds and other avian life of the Caribbean in a lush nature reserve setting, but with the comforts of top class accommodation    Breaking News from Tobago at Adventure Farm and Nature Reserve, Tobago The first sighting of the season of the majestic RUBY TOPAZ HUMMINGBIRD was made at Adventure Eco Villas and Adventure Farm and Nature Reserve in Tobago. The Ruby Topaz Hummingbird which is considered the most beautiful hummingbird in the world arrived at 11:45am on the 9th October 2018 . The first male arrived from South America and more arrivals can be expected over the next few days and months. They can be viewed at our COVERED BIRD OBSERVATORY . It was sighted twice again on Wednesday 10th October by a bird spotter. This is a spectacle that every visitor to Tobago should not miss. THIS IS THE EARLIEST SIGHTING OF THE RUBY TOPAZ since we started keeping records of the arrivals. The Ruby Topaz Hummingbird, Chrysolampis mosquitus , is considered as one of the most spectacular and colorful hummingbirds and comes to the Romantic island of Tobago from South America to nest and will return south around the second week of August with its siblings. Maybe this little rhyme says it all: They come to this isle of Tobago And tasted of its joys for themselves So if you say that you've been to Tobago You will always be blessed by these colorful treasures Adventure Eco Villas is nestled amongst the Tropical Flora and Fauna of a private nature reserve and organic fruit farm. Only minutes away from palm-fringed beaches with excellent snorkeling. You will appreciate the elegant comfort, serenity and nature of this unique jewel of Tobago. Best bird watching in Tobago! You will enjoy your holiday in this unique location at the Adventure Farm, Tropical Gardens and Nature Reserve. The villas are made of Guyanese green heart wood and furnished in a Caribbean style.  Each luxurious villa consists of a large bedroom with air-conditioning, ceiling fan, cable television, telephone and a bathroom with bath/shower and hair dryer, overlooking a small private garden. Living Room/Dining area has a panoramic view of the nature reserve and the modern kitchen is fully equipped. Cooks and baby sitters can be arranged at your request. Adventure Eco Villas afford the opportunity to appreciate the beauty and wonder of this beautiful Isle of Tobago. Situated only 20 minutes away from the airport and the main town of Scarborough. A championship Golf course is only a few minutes away, along with many of the island's small restaurants. We cater to your every request and can make arrangements for fishing, scuba diving, snorkeling, tennis, sailing, bird watching and trips to Trinidad overnighting at our sister property the Gingerbread House. So come and relax with us as a family, with your friends, or for your wedding or honeymoon. You will go to bed to a symphony of sounds of the night orchestrated by serenading owls and night stars, illuminated by fire flies. You will wake up to a chorus of whistling birds as they welcome a new dawn. These photos were taken at the Adventure Farm and Nature Reserve Bird Observation Centre by guest David Lingard See more Birds here Adventure Ecovillas has been commended by The Caribbean Tourism Organization (CTO) for the role we are playing in helping to advance the region's sustainable tourism product. webbot bot="Include" U-Include="inc_bottom.htm" TAG="BODY" startspan Adventure Eco Villas Adventure Farm and Nature Reserve Adventure, Arnos Vale Road, Plymouth Tobago, West Indies. Tel: (868) 639-2839 Fax: (868) 639-4157 e-mail: adventureecovillastobago@gmail.com Website: www.Adventure-Ecovillas.com Click here for free airfare quotes For information about restaurants, beaches and sightseeing on Tobago, we recommend webbot bot="Include" i-checksum="62987" endspan 