Holiday Apartmet, Chalets and House, West Pentire, Crantock near Newquay in Cornwall Home Atlantic View Apartment Apartment Photo Gallery Apartment Location Prices & Availability Atlantic View Chalets Chalets Photo Gallery Chalet Locations Prices & Availability Atlantic View farm House House Photo Gallery House Location Prices & Availability Prices & Availability Apartment Tariff Chalets Tariff House Tariff Availability 2020 Apartment 2020 Chalets 2020 House 2020 Our Locale Enquiries Simple Image Holder 3.0.2 starts here Simple Image Holder 3.0.2 ends here Simple Image Holder 3.0.2 starts here Simple Image Holder 3.0.2 ends here Simple Image Holder 3.0.2 starts here Simple Image Holder 3.0.2 ends here Simple Image Holder 3.0.2 starts here Simple Image Holder 3.0.2 ends here Slide description area: START Polly Joke A short stroll (5 mins) along the footpath and you are at the idyllic local hidden cove of Polly Joke... Slide description area: END Slide description area: START Beautiful Local Scenery This picture: Poppy field in full bloom on the West Pentire Headland walking toward Polly Joke... Slide description area: END Slide description area: START Crantock Beach Only 5 minutes away and dog friendly all year round... Slide description area: END Slide description area: START Crantock Beach Webcam The Bowgie Inn is located on West Pentire headland and overlooks the stunning sands of Crantock Beach.. check out their webcam from our Local Area page... Slide description area: END Slide description area: START Dog Friendly Beaches The local beaches of Crantock and Polly Joke are both dog friendly throughout the whole year... Slide description area: END Slide description area: START Newquay Only five miles away is the cosmopolitan town of Newquay, renowned for its many attractions, including its beaches and working fishing harbour with local pleasure boat and fishing trips... Slide description area: END Slide description area: START Winter Storm Watching We are ideally situated for those who like to spend time Winter Storm Watching. This is truly breath taking to see... Slide description area: END START: Articles Anywhere Dogs are welcome at all our holiday properties. Why leave your dog at home when you can bring him with you. We accept two dogs maximum per accommodation. The price for each dog per week.   are £15 in the chalets & £20 in the farm house & Apartment END: Articles Anywhere Self Catering Holiday Accommodation Crantock Newquay Our properties, an apartment, 4 holiday chalets and a house are situated in the hamlet of West Pentire on a headland with magnificent sea views as far as Trevose lighthouse near Padstow. JoomlaWorks "AllVideos" Plugin (v4.8.0) starts here JoomlaWorks "AllVideos" Plugin (v4.8.0) ends here Within five minutes walk from your accommodation you have two beaches both of which are dog friendly; the first is one of Cornwall’s finest surfing beaches, Crantock bay, recently voted number 1 “best beach” by the telegraph travel supplement, with its Gannel estuary and ferry crossing to a café serving fresh crab lunches and cream teas, a short stroll on is the famous Fistral beach renowned for its surfing and major surfing competitions. The second beach is the idyllic local hidden cove of Polly Joke, a must visit on your holiday itinerary, a little further along the coastal foot path from “Polly”, seals can be observed basking on the Chicks rock and for the more energetic walker you can reach holy well with its sand dunes and vast beach. This area of outstanding beauty has everything to offer from hiking to biking, surfing and beach games, fishing and golfing, or maybe just a visit to the Bowgie Inn on your doorstep for good food or to watch top sporting events on their large plasma screens. Check out the Bowgie webcam on bowgie.com The village of Crantock with its picturesque church lies one mile away with a post office and general store, two Inns and a tea room. Further afield by five miles is the cosmopolitan town of Newquay, renowned for its many attractions, including its beaches and working fishing harbour with local pleasure boat and fishing trips. West Pentire is ideally placed for trips to such places as the Eden Project, Newquay Zoo, the sea life centre and many, many more attractions that Cornwall has to offer, most within easy reach by car. START: Articles Anywhere END: Articles Anywhere START: Articles Anywhere   Atlantic View Self Catering Holiday Accommodation Crantock Sea View, West Pentire, Crantock, Newquay, Cornwall. TR8 5SE Telephone : 01637 830297 or 07813 716266 email This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. END: Articles Anywhere PIXELISM.CO.UK - WEB DESIGN & HOSTING NEWQUAY CORNWALL 