Santorini Luxury Hotels & Suites | Astarte Suites book now EN EN EL FR IT ES DE CH RU The Hotel Suites Experience Photo Gallery Location Press & Media Contact Santorini Luxury Hotels & Suites | Astarte Suites - astartesuites.gr https://www.astartesuites.gr/en/ - Jul 22, 2019 The Hotel Suites Experience Photo Gallery Location Press & Media Contact book now EN EN EL FR IT ES DE CH RU Best Price Guarantee 1 room 2 rooms 3 rooms 4 rooms 5 rooms 6 rooms 7 rooms 8 rooms 9 rooms 10 rooms 11 rooms 12 rooms 13 rooms 14 rooms 15 rooms 1 adult 2 adults 3 adults 4 adults 5 adults 6 adults 7 adults 8 adults 9 adults 10 adults 11 adults 12 adults 13 adults 14 adults 15 adults Welcome to Astarte Suites Astarte Suites Hotel has created a luxury romantic escape with a breathtaking Volcanic backdrop and the mythical Caldera of Santorini island in Greece. No wonder it is the favorite choice for vacation and honeymoon all over the world. Located in the settlement of Akrotiri and perched on the volcanic cliffs of Caldera, the unique property of Astarte Suites offers luxurious accommodation with stunning views to the vastness of the Aegean Sea and the iconic volcano right in the middle!  This 13 only-suite boutique property features luxury suites of exceptional beauty, along with world-class services, pampering its guests in sumptuous surroundings, at the tip of Santorini. Interior design is inspired by the ancient Mediterranean culture making Astarte Suites a true retreat to savor an authentic Santorini experience! Ideal for couples seeking a dreamy place to celebrate their love or spend their honeymoon, each suite boasts magnificent views, individual décor and top-notch amenities!   Welcome to your private paradise and immerse yourself in the true pleasures of life! Discover a place where the sea and sky blend in perfect harmony to make your dreams a reality! Loose yourself in a place where each moment has its own proper value. Welcome to Santorini, the birthplace of legends. Welcome to a new way of living! Welcome to Astarte Suites! - Listed at the TOP25 places to stay in Greece by Tripadvisor members   - Voted as one of the "21 Amazing Hotels to Visit in the World before you Die"  Read More Santorini Superior Living Welcome to your Private Paradise Santorini Superior Living   Santorini Superior Living Welcome to your Private Paradise Santorini Superior Living Welcome to your Private Paradise Santorini Superior Living Welcome to your Private Paradise Santorini Superior Living Welcome to your Private Paradise Santorini Superior Living   Santorini Superior Living       Virtual Tour   SUITES New Cave Pool suites Read More Ultimate Romance Special Offer Read More book now                 3 Reasons why to Book Direct 1. Best Price Guarantee 2. 10% Reduction for Dinner at Alali Restaurant 3. Early Check in or Late Check out (based upon availiability) Welcome to Astarte Suites Astarte Suites Hotel has created a luxury romantic escape with a breathtaking Volcanic backdrop and the mythical Caldera of Santorini island in Greece. No wonder it is the favorite choice for vacation and honeymoon all over the world. Located in the settlement of Akrotiri and perched on the volcanic cliffs of Caldera, the unique property of Astarte Suites offers luxurious accommodation with stunning views to the vastness of the Aegean Sea and the iconic volcano right in the middle!  This 13 only-suite boutique property features luxury suites of exceptional beauty, along with world-class services, pampering its guests in sumptuous surroundings, at the tip of Santorini. Interior design is inspired by the ancient Mediterranean culture making Astarte Suites a true retreat to savor an authentic Santorini experience! Ideal for couples seeking a dreamy place to celebrate their love or spend their honeymoon, each suite boasts magnificent views, individual décor and top-notch amenities!   Welcome to your private paradise and immerse yourself in the true pleasures of life! Discover a place where the sea and sky blend in perfect harmony to make your dreams a reality! Loose yourself in a place where each moment has its own proper value. Welcome to Santorini, the birthplace of legends. Welcome to a new way of living! Welcome to Astarte Suites! - Listed at the TOP25 places to stay in Greece by Tripadvisor members   - Voted as one of the "21 Amazing Hotels to Visit in the World before you Die"  Read More Read More 3 Reasons why to Book Direct 1. Best Price Guarantee 2. 10% Reduction for Dinner at Alali Restaurant 3. Early Check in or Late Check out (based upon availiability)   Virtual Tour   SUITES New Cave Pool suites Read More Ultimate Romance Special Offer Read More book now Live The Experience Gastronomy Read More Santorini Weddings - Astarte Suites Hotel Read More Catamaran & Yacht Cruises Read More Santorini Wine Tours Read More En Suite Massage in Astarte Suites Santorini Read More Connect with Astarte Suites follow us on social media and find out more about our filosophy Â© 2016 Astarte Suites | MHTE 1167K015A1308301 | Powered by Nelios.com Astarte Suites, Caldera - Akrotiri, Santorini, Greece Tel: +302286083388 Fax +302286082585 Email: info@astartesuites.gr Â© 2016 Astarte Suites | MHTE 1167K015A1308301 Powered by Nelios.com Astarte Suites, Caldera - Akrotiri, Santorini, Greece Tel: +302286083388 Fax +302286082585 Email: info@astartesuites.gr https://www.astartesuites.gr/apple-touch-icon-114x114-precomposed.png https://www.astartesuites.gr 37.9778 23.7278 