Ardlochay Lodge, Killin | Homepage My Booking £ £ GBP € EUR $ USD $ AUD R$ BRL $ CAD CHF $ CLP د.م. MAD $ MXN د.ت TND R ZAR EN English English (US) Deutsch Español Italiano Français Português (PT) Português (BR) Ardlochay Lodge 01567820962 lodge@ardlochaylodge.co.uk Main street Killin Stirling FK21 8TN United Kingdom Scroll left Scroll right ≡ Menu Homepage Rooms Reviews Check Availability Check in Enter your dates and search to see prices and availability! Check out Rooms and People 2 Adult(s) 0 Children 1 Rooms Add/Remove + - Room 1 Adult 2 Adult(s) 3 Adult(s) 4 Adult(s) 5 Adult(s) 6 Adult(s) 7 Adult(s) 8 Adult(s) 9 Adult(s) 10 Adult(s) 11 Adult(s) 12 Adult(s) 13 Adult(s) 14 Adult(s) 15 Adult(s) 16 Adult(s) 17 Adult(s) 18 Adult(s) 19 Adult(s) 20 Adult(s) 0 Children 1 Child 2 Children 3 Children 4 Children 5 Children 6 Children 7 Children 8 Children 9 Children 10 Children 11 Children 12 Children 13 Children 14 Children 15 Children 16 Children 17 Children 18 Children 19 Children 20 Children 1 Room added Close Show Prices [if IE 9]><video style="display: none;"><![endif] [if IE 9]></video><![endif] Ardlochay Lodge Carlotta and Craig Fraser welcome you to their purpose built Bed and Breakfast establishment, situated in the picturesque village of Killin at the west end of Loch Tay, within the Loch Lomond and Trossachs National Park. The area is remote and beautiful, yet is only around 90 minutes drive from both Edinburgh and Glasgow. Killin makes a fabulous base from which to explore the Southern Central Highlands, as well as being a great overnight stop en-route to the ferry ports on the west coast.. There is off road parking. The three letting rooms are on the first floor, and open onto an open plan guest lounge and dining area, which is solely for guests' use. This layout makes Ardlochay Lodge perfect for a group, travelling together, as well as individuals or couples, who will appreciate the extra space available to them. As we warmly welcome Cyclists and Walkers, there is a drying room with a boot rack for outdoor clothes (just in case!). We can offer secure overnight storage for bikes, and as we are keen cyclists ourselves, can offer advice on routes and trails etc. Start the day with one of Carlotta's legendary freshly cooked breakfasts !! We offer a wide selection of hot items, as well as a continental selection for those who prefer to eat something lighter. As well as offering a varied selection of vegetarian options, we can cater for vegans or those who require a gluten free diet, as well as any other dietary requirements, by arrangement. Packed lunches can be provided, if ordered the night before. Killin itself is a bustling little village, with a cross section of shops, hotels and restaurants. Non motorized water sports can be found on the loch, and there is a 9 hole golf course close by. Ben Lawers, famed for its alpine plants is on our door step, as is the ever popular Falls of Dochart. Other interesting villages in the area include Lochearnhead, Balquhidder, St Fillans and Crianlarich, and Callander. Visit once and return often! Facilities Baggage store Free WiFi internet Lounge Wakeup call Bike lock-up WiFi internet Parking On-site parking Free parking Dining Continental breakfast Cooked breakfast Activities and Experiences Animal watching Bird watching Canoeing Cycling Fishing Fly fishing Golf Horse riding Lake Mountain biking Mountain climbing Sailing Walking Water activities Water-skiing Windsurfing Accessibility No Accessibility Information is available at this time. Location View Map Guest Reviews Ardlochay Lodge ( 15 Guest Reviews) 93% Review Overall Rating 4.6 Friendly, spotless and very comfortable. Stayed: May 19 Read more © 2019 Main street, Killin, Stirling, FK21 8TN, United Kingdom 01567820962 lodge@ardlochaylodge.co.uk Privacy and cookie policy Booking website powered by eviivo.com   Scroll to top This website is edited by Ardlochay Lodge, Main street, Killin, Stirling, FK21 8TN, United Kingdom. We use cookies to ensure you have the best experience and any personal data shared during your visit is protected by our privacy policy Our website was created and is hosted by eviivo Limited, 154 Pentonville Road, London, N1 9JE, United Kingdom. Registration: 05002392 Tax / VAT number: 877374571 . eviivo have no responsibility for the content displayed on this website, and they operate the website on our behalf under the following privacy policy By using this website you consent to our use of cookies and the terms of our privacy policy I accept More information 