Aldrich Guest House in Galena, Illinois - Galena Bed and Breakfast 815-777-3323 BOOK NOW Home Accommodations Room 1 Room 2 Room 3 Room 4 Room 5 Things To Do Itineraries Aldrich Exclusives Specials & Packages Gift Certificates About Us Gallery Food Recipes Contact Us Aldrich Insider menu Home Accommodations Room 1 Room 2 Room 3 Room 4 Room 5 Things To Do Itineraries Aldrich Exclusives Specials & Packages Gift Certificates About Us Gallery Food Recipes Contact Us Aldrich Insider 815-777-3323 BOOK NOW Image may be subject to copyright Aldrich Guest House Welcome to the next generation of bed and breakfasts Image may be subject to copyright Homemade Food Award Winning Breakfasts Image may be subject to copyright Personal Service Professional and Intuitive yet Unobtrusive Image may be subject to copyright Daily Happy Hour Porch weather is here - enjoy it with a cocktail WELCOME TO Aldrich Guest House Image may be subject to copyright GUEST ROOMS Image may be subject to copyright SPECIALS & Packages Image may be subject to copyright Things to do Aldrich Guest House, built in 1845, enjoys a rich history.  Constructed by three Congressmen, it started as a small residence and over the course of 17 years, became a 4,000 square foot home.  Having hosted the likes of Abraham Lincoln, Ulysses S. Grant, and many others, there is an enduring tradition of hosting prominent visitors however none are as important as the ones we host today. You won't find the stereotypical bed and breakfast here.  No doilies, or floral wall paper, fake flowers and lace curtains are not to be found.  What you will experience is a refined decor, award winning breakasts, and intuitive, professional, yet unobtrusive service.  Having been placed in the Top 1% of hotels in the entire country, we can't wait to welcome you to the next generation of bed and breakfasts. Image may be subject to copyright Welcome to the next generation of bed and breakfasts Home Accommodations Room 1 Room 2 Room 3 Room 4 Room 5 Things To Do Itineraries Aldrich Exclusives Specials & Packages Privacy Policy Gift Certificates Terms of Use About Us Gallery Food Recipes Contact Us Aldrich Insider ADA © 2019. All Rights Reserved. Aldrich Guest House Bed and Breakfast Website Design & Reservation Software by ResNexus Privacy Policy Terms of Use ADA 