[Official Website] Ananda Cottages - Ubud - Indonesia Google Tag Manager (noscript) End Google Tag Manager (noscript) To provide you with the best experience, Ananda Ubud Resort uses its own and third-party cookies on its website for technical, analytical and marketing purposes. By continuing to browse our site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies. Please consult our Cookie Notice for more information. Menu Book now 6261338971862 Menu 6261338971862 en Български català čeština dansk Deutsch Ελληνικά English American English Español en Argentina Español Suomi français Indonesia íslenska Italiano 日本語 한국어 Melayu Nederlands Norsk polski Português do Brasil Português română Русский Slovenčina slovenščina Svenska ไทย Türkçe Tiếng Việt 中文 繁體中文 Book now Accommodation Facilities & Services Yoga Venue Amenities History Packages Our VDO Photos Attractions Links Contact Reviews Reservations Check-in Check-out Book now Ananda Cottages Ananda Ubud Cottages with Yoga and Spa in Ubud Bali, is located in the cool tranquil hills just 25 minutes walk from the village centre of Ubud, and offers lovely rural views surrounded by lush, green, fertile rice paddies. Bali's natural beauty remains a part of Ananda's grounds. In each cottage, the Balinese architecture, and décor, is of hotel standard, while all the modern conveniences expected by the discerning international traveller are here. All rooms are air-conditioned and have exotic garden bathrooms, conveying the essence of the tropics. Ananda Ubud Cottages with with Yoga and Spa Service since 1978. We are one of the best Villa and Hotel in Ubud. Ubud is the artistic and cultural heart of Bali. There are many painters, dancers, musicians and sculptors. Three art museums have both traditional and modern paintings and sculpture on display. The Ubud market is a favourite with a vast array of produce including souvenirs. The nearby monkey forest has a temple in the midst of a jungle with many mischievous monkeys . Attractions View attractions Ananda Ubud Resort View attractions Reservations Check-in Check-out Book now Ananda Ubud Resort 6261338971862 Jl. Campuhan 80571 Ubud Indonesia anandaubud@gmail.com Facebook Tripadvisor Google Plus Sitemap Privacy policy Cookie notice clearfix end © 2019 Digital marketing by BookingSuite . BookingSuite is a brand of Booking.com . Have confidence in the world-class customer support that comes along with Booking.com footer-inner end footer end 