Edinburgh Bed and Breakfast Guest House Hotel with free Parking WIFI Home Our Rooms Wallace Scott Burns Stevenson Rankin Cochrane Baird Breakfast Local Area Photo Gallery Book Reviews News Contact Us .fl-page-header-fixed Ard Na Said Guesthouse Edinburgh Home Our Rooms Wallace Scott Burns Stevenson Rankin Cochrane Baird Breakfast Local Area Photo Gallery Book Reviews News Contact Us Home Our Rooms Wallace Scott Burns Stevenson Rankin Cochrane Baird Breakfast Local Area Photo Gallery Book Reviews News Contact Us Check Availability and Book Online Here Welcome to Ard-Na-Said Guest House, Edinburgh Bed and Breakfast with Free Parking Ard-Na-Said, one of Edinburgh's best bed and breakfasts with free parking, is located in the peaceful Newington area on the south side of the city centre. It is near to Holyrood Park, and within walking distance of the city’s attractions and restaurants. Ard-Na-Said Guest house is certainly the ideal location to enjoy all that Edinburgh has to offer and still be able to retreat from the hustle and bustle of the city centre. Built on the Prestonfield estate in 1876, our detached Victorian villa has many original features such as high ceilings, ornate cornicing, stained glass windows and original Victorian geometric floor tiles. Our elegant breakfast room has recently been refurbished to create a communal, comfortable space which can also be enjoyed throughout the day and evening.  Therefore, whether you want to meet and chat, read a book, play our board games or browse the internet, we’re sure you’ll enjoy this relaxing area. Using locally sourced products where possible, we aim to provide the best in Scottish hospitality so that, this family run guest house  is the perfect place to stay and experience our fascinating, historic capital city. Excellent Free WiFi..... Above all, in this 21st Century we appreciate how important it is for our guests to connect easily to the internet,  so we recently installed  WIFI access points on each floor. Consequently all our guests have simultaneous access to our fast internet. Also, due to these access points, normally used in businesses to serve up to 50 users,  some guests can browse websites in HD Video, catch up on Netflix while others make video calls back home and of course it’s included in the room rate. Just relax and enjoy.... Finally, if you just want to unwind in your room at the end of a busy day in the city centre, sit back and enjoy our newly installed Freeview TV offering 60 different channels. Furthermore, most of our rooms now have Smart TVs. Edinburgh Bed and Breakfast with Free Parking near city centre Our Guest house in Edinburgh has a free car park as well as free on street parking spaces. Rick Steves recommended . Once again we have been recommended in the Rick Steves travel guide. View Our Rooms Our Guest House in a nutshell Relaxing lounge. 7 individually decorated guest bedrooms with private shower rooms. Free professional Wi-Fi throughout. 60 Channels professionally installed TV Free Car park and some free on street parking spaces. Excellent breakfast choice and catering for special dietary requirements. (Vegan, Vegetarian, Gluten Free, Kosher, Halal) Guest oriented motivated team. Near to bus stop with excellent bus connections to city centre. 1.3 miles to the Royal Mile . Perfectly located for Edinburgh University , Pollock Halls, Kings Buildings,  Prestonfield House , “ Taste of Scotland ”, Royal Commonwealth Pool , Holyrood Park, Arthur’s Seat, Edinburgh Royal Infirmary, Edinburgh Military Tattoo . Locally sourced products. Rick Steves Recommended Late check in. Edinburgh Bed and Breakfast with Parking .fl-post-content .fl-post .fl-page-content [if lte IE 8]> <link rel='stylesheet' id='jetpack-carousel-ie8fix-css' href='https://www.ardnasaid.co.uk/wp-content/plugins/jetpack/modules/carousel/jetpack-carousel-ie8fix.css?ver=20121024' type='text/css' media='all' /> <![endif] Book direct for the best rates Follow Ard-Na-Said on Ard-na-said Guest House , 5 Priestfield Road, Edinburgh, EH16 5HH  |  Tel: +44(0) 131 283 6524  |  Email: info@ardnasaid.co.uk Site by Web Design For Accommodation | All Rights Reserved .fl-page This site uses cookies: Find out more. Okay, thanks custom wrapper class #catapult-cookie-bar 