Ambassador Inn - Ambassador Inn Hotel Visit St. George St. George, Utah is conveniently located near many national parks and landmarks. Experience the outdoors! Our Amenities We provide free Wi-Fi and breakfast. Don't hesitate to cool off in our pool. Our guests have reviewed it to be one of the cleanest in St. George! Book Now! We strive to provide you with quality customer service and a clean and comfortable stay. Tuacahn Discounts In the mood for outdoor musical theater? We offer discounted tickets and packages! St. George Golf St. George golf courses are known for their challenging designs and beautiful scenery. Deals so good you'll feel like you've hit every green. 1481 Sunland Dr. St. George, UT 84790  Local: (435) 673-7900 | Toll Free: (877) 373-7900 Home Amenities Trip Packages Golf Tuacahn Location St. George Rates & Availability Change/Cancel Reservation Frequent Stayer Contact Us temp Welcome to t ﻿ he Ambassador In ﻿ n! St. George’s Preferred Lodging Choice The Ambassador Inn Hotel is locally owned and operated off Exit 6 in St. George, Utah. We are conveniently located near many notable landmarks and national parks such as, Zion National Park, Bryce Canyon, and the Grand Canyon, and just an hour and a half drive away from bustling Las Vegas, Nevada. Our hotel features 65 rooms, including pet accommodations, an outdoor pool and Jacuzzi, free Wi-Fi, and free hot breakfast. Whether you’re staying for business or pleasure, we strive to make your time in scenic St. George a quality experience. Smoke Free Hotel Ambassador Inn in making a commitment to the health and safety of all guests and has designated the hotel smoke free.   Become a Frequent stayer! Start earning free hotel stays and enjoy frequent stayer benefits. Register 64 reviews of Ambassador Inn in St. George Home  |  Location  |  Rates & Availability  |  St. George  |  Contact Us                                                                                                                                Comments or Suggestions? click  here. © 2013 Ambassador Inn                                                                                                                                                                                   Register now to receive frequent stayer benefits!       Home Amenities Trip Packages Golf Tuacahn Location St. George Rates & Availability Change/Cancel Reservation Frequent Stayer Contact Us temp Ambassador Inn 