B&B and Self Catering Holiday Accommodation | Anglesey Farm Group HEADER Home Accommodation Activities /HEADER SLIDER slider navigation Item 1 CROESO | WELCOME Enjoy your stay on Anglesey in the very best farm accommodation Item 2 CROESO | WELCOME Enjoy your stay on Anglesey in the very best farm accommodation Item 3 CROESO | WELCOME Enjoy your stay on Anglesey in the very best farm accommodation Accommodation: Choose... B&B B&B and Camping B&B and S/C Camping Camping and S/C Self Catering Yurts All /SLIDER Who We Are "Where better to appreciate the hospitality of the Isle of Anglesey, North Wales, than in comfortable accommodation on one of the island's working farms?" A number of Anglesey farming families have grouped together to offer 'Anglesey Farm Accommodation', a hallmark of the best bed and breakfast, self-catering  accommodation  and camping available on this beautiful island. Individually each family has long experience of providing visitors with the very best service, and together the choice offered by this committed group is unbeatable. As you come across the bridge you are welcomed to Anglesey - "Môn Mam Cymru" - to the Mother of Wales, with safe, clean blue flagged beaches, wonderful scenery, good sports facilities and good food, much of it made with local produce. Anglesey has a rich and interesting history, and through the seasons there are many  attractions  and events to capture your imagination. Featured Farmhouse Tal y Foel Dwyran Tal y Foel is the home of Lewis and Judy Hutchings and is on the shore of the Menai Strait. It is small and friendly and in a peaceful rural location with spectacular views across the Strait to Caernarfon Castle and the mountains of Snowdonia. Lewis and Judy Hutchings Tal y Foel, Dwyran, Isle of Anglesey, LL61 6LQ 44 - (0)1248 430977 talyfoel@angleseyfarms.com http://www.tal-y-foel.co.uk Read More Booking Enquiry FOOTER Imagery: © Crown copyright (2014) Visit Wales 2019 © angleseyfarms.com. All Rights Reserved. Web Design by Kulaweb /FOOTER 