Agioklima Traditional House Rural Tourism Crete Greece Responsive Menu Agioklima Location House Gallery Contact Us Reviews #access .hgroup-right .container #masthead Agioklima Welcome “There at the foot of Psiloritis shining bright under the sun, lies the historic village of Petrokefalo” Nikos Kazantzakis (Freedom or death) Welcome to Agioklima (honey-suckle), an old traditional cretan house with full facilities in a traditional village in the heart of Crete. The Agioklima traditional houses are restored village houses on the edge of the traditional village Petrokefalo, looking over the beautiful valley towards Pendamodi, Kroussonas and on the north towards Heraklion and the Cretan sea. The cretan traditional houses are separated in fully equipped 40-70 m2 traditional apartments for 2-4 persons with stone fire places and basic kitchen. The center of Heraklion is about 16 km from traditional village Petrokefalo. Also the university of Crete and the office of the European Enisa and FORTH are about 6km from this traditional village. Its advantage is its location, at the end of the village, at the foot of Psiloritis mountain, it is by its self a natural “balcony” with amazing view. From your right you will see the Cretan Sea and your eyes will instantly caress the mountain. During the day you will look at the olive trees, the vineyards and the rest of the villages of the area, during the night, the lights of the villages will haunt you! Due to its location at the end of the village, the night sky and the stars will surround you.       Please find us also at: TripAdvisor pages or Booking.com ones #comments .comments-area #main #primary Reservation OnLine Agioklima More… Traditional House Rural Tourism Links Terms & Conditions Local Information Museums, Fairs, Galleries Traditional dishes Day trips from Agioklima Archaeological sites Excursions-Nature Transportation Local interests Reviews View (EN) & Submit your own... View all Reviews (all languages) #secondary .container #content Business Agioklima - Rural Tourism Traditional Houses Petrokefalo, Heraklion - Crete Contact : Troullinou Family Mob.: (0030) 6977 547777 Mob.: (0030) 6973 314546 Tel.: (0030) 2810 223861 ΜΗΤΕ: 1039Κ 132Κ 3181301 .one-fourth Reservation OnLine Easy & Fast Coordinates (DD) Lat:    35.250491 (DD) Long: 25.037772 (DMS) Lat:    35° 15’ 1.7676’’ N (DMS) Long: 25° 2’ 15.9792’’ E Google Maps .one-fourth Share Agioklima Find Niki on facebook Read some more Reviews Recent Posts Day trips from Agioklima Agioklima – Rethymnon – Chania Agioklima – Knossos Minoan Palace – Archaeological Museum Agioklima – Natural History Museum – CretAquarium Agioklima – Heraklion interesting places Agioklima – Messara – Phaistos – Kommos day trip Agioklima – Krousonas day trip Agioklima – Pentamodi day trip .one-fourth Pages Agioklima Contact Us Gallery House Links Location Reviews Rural Tourism Terms & Conditions Traditional House .one-fourth .widget-area .container .widget-wrap © 2019 Agioklima Rural Tourism   All Rights Reserved .copyright .container .site-info .back-to-top #colophon #page We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it. Ok 