24 Henry - Friendly Guest House Skip to content 24 Henry Friendly Guest House .site-branding × Menu Home Guest House Hotel Hobbies Plan a Trip Contact Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy #site-navigation #masthead Search for: Ad Ad #secondary post thumbnal options .post-thumb 24 Henry Guesthouse By Rudy Walker Mar 03, 2011 0 Comment .entry-header What is a 24 Henry Guesthouse? 24 Henry Guesthouse is a B&B, Victorian-style guesthouse , which is located at the heart of the Castro. Located on a tree-lined street (4080 18th Street, between Castro & Hartford Streets), this white and blue guesthouse is mainly for gay tourists. Established in the 1880s, 24 Henry Guesthouse includes five clean bedrooms, of which one is Master Bedroom with an en-suite bathroom. The other four rooms have shared baths with Victorian-style décor. The amenities in all the rooms are contemporary with free Wi-Fi internet access. Not to mention the high ceilings along with the elegant chandeliers will catch the eye of the visitors. Additionally, the guests are served free breakfast on each morning, which is an icing on the cake for any visitor. All in all, Henry Guesthouse is an enticing place to stay where you will find calmness and class in abundance. What are the main amenities of 24 Henry Guesthouse? Here are the contemporary amenities, which are available for the guests at 24 Henry Guesthouse: Laptop plug-ins and free wireless DSL Free local calls to any location Complimentary breakfast for all guests Private Voicemail service in each bedroom Located near to Castro Street (only three blocks away) Only 1½ blocks away from the Muni subway system An eco-friendly and non-smoking environment within the guesthouse What is the exact location of 24 Henry Guesthouse? Henry Guesthouse is located at 24 Henry Street, (Sanchez St.) San Francisco CA 94114 U.S. The contact number for Henry Guesthouse is 415-864-5686 or 800-900-5686. What is the cost of staying one night at 24 Henry Guesthouse? If you book a single room, it will cost you around $95-$115. Note that this package includes a shared bath. But, if you opt for a private bath, the cost will rise to $139. What are the nearby hotels of 24 Henry Guesthouse? The following are the nearby hotels, which are located adjacent to Henry Guesthouse: Beck’s Motor Lodge 2222 Market St. San Francisco CA 94114 U.S. The Willows Inn 710 14th St. San Francisco CA 94114 U.S. This is a B&B hotel for gay travelers, which is located in the Castro District. Inn on Castro 321 Castro St. San Francisco CA 94114 U.S. Inn on Castro is a charming place where you will find the true spirit of home. The Parker Guest House 520 Church St. San Francisco CA 94114 U.S. The Parker Guest House is a classic hotel, which is located in the Castro District. The Parsonage 198 Haight St. San Francisco CA 94102 U.S. The Parsonage is a Victorian-era hotel, which is a combination of history and comfort. What are the nearby attractions of 24 Henry Guesthouse? Walking Tour: You can explore the San Francisco by foot while experiencing the sights and sceneries of hills and mountains. Twin Peaks : San Francisco has a hilly terrain with stunning vistas but none is beautiful as the Twin Peaks. You will have exciting views from the Twin Peaks, which will surely make your day worthwhile. Japantown: Another great place to visit in San Francisco where you will learn about the Japanese heritage. It’s one of the three standing towns of Japan in the USA. What’s next? Henry Guesthouse is a marvel for tourists with dazzling sights and nearby sightseeing attractions. In fact, it’s one of those rare places where you can go and forget the bustling city life. So, let us know what you think about the Henry Guesthouse by commenting below. Read More &#8594 .entry-content #post-## post thumbnal options .post-thumb Top 10 Guest Houses In California By Rudy Walker Feb 03, 2011 0 Comment .entry-header If you are looking for the best guest houses in California, then you have come to the right place. In this article, we are going to talk about the top 10 guest houses in California. So, let’s move forward and read the article carefully. Craftsman Inn 1213 Foothill Blvd, Calistoga, CA 94515 USA Craftsman Inn is a perfect place to enjoy the natural atmosphere of the Northern California wine country where you will live just a few steps from the downtown Calistoga. With famous restaurants, shopping malls, and amazing spas, you will live every moment in awe. This guest house provides comfortable accommodation with fine bedding, luxury toilets, and many more contemporary amenities. Not to mention the champagne breakfast is the finest of all in Napa Valley. So, book your reservation and make your stay in California memorable. Embrace Calistoga 1139 Lincoln Avenue, Calistoga, CA 94515 USA Embrace Calistoga is a fine example of reinvention of guest houses where you will get an authentic feel of the Napa Valley wine country lodging. This guest is a blend of old-aged luxury with modern-day amenities. Established in 1873, Embrace Calistoga is an European-style guest house and it is located in the heart of Calistoga. Additionally, Embrace Calistoga is renowned for its excellent food and winery options. In that sense, you will enjoy the cultural essence of the Napa Valley in the purest way. In fact, you will likely be lost when you observe the spectacular views of the Napa Valley. If these are not enough, you can go to shopping or just play golf in the golf courses. Cheshire Cat Inn 36 W Valerio Street, Santa Barbara, CA 93101 USA The Cheshire Cat Inn is just a few blocks from Santa Barbara’s main shopping street. This guest house has two stately Queen Anne Victorians and a Coach House. Also, there are four 2-bed-roomed cottages, which are surrounded by patios and gardens. All guest rooms are bright and vibrant with a wide range of amenities including private balconies, in-room Jacuzzi tubs, ironing boards, refrigerators and TV or DVDs, and fireplaces. Old Monterey Inn 500 Martin Street, Monterey, CA 93940-4491 USA The Old Monterey is a half-timbered Tudor-style guest house, which has won numerous awards. Established in 1929, the guest house is a landmark property in the area with one acre of lush gardens. All rooms in the guest house feature family antiques, skylights, stained glass windows, and period furniture. You can even enjoy the comfy European goose-down comforters, fireplaces, and featherbeds. The Inn on First Bed and Breakfast 1938 First Street, Napa, CA 94559 USA This guest house is not a traditional guest house as the main focus of this inn is to provide world-class food for breakfast, lunch, and dinner. To be precise, the guest house offers some of the best breakfast items including tomato and egg soup, corndog omelets, S’mores French Toast with house made Marshmallows, and cheese croutons. The guest house also features Wi-Fi with the finest Napa hospitality. The Inn on First Bed and Breakfast is located in the midst of downtown Napa, which has access to more than 400 wineries in the valley. Farmhouse Inn 7871 River Rd, Forestville, CA 95436 US Farmhouse Inn is a renowned Michelin-based guesthouse with exciting dining options. Located in the heart of Sonoma County’s Russian River, this guest house has 25 luxury rooms with contemporary amenities including gas fireplaces, whirlpool tubs, saunas or steam showers. While staying at the inn, you can explore the wine county or you can just relax by the heated pool. Additionally, Farmhouse Inn has in-house massage therapists who will pamper you in the new spa. To cap off your day, you can dine at the restaurant or spend time at the fire pits with your family or friends. Palm Springs Rendezvous 1420 N. Indian Canyon Dr., Palm Springs, CA 92262 USA Palm Springs Rendezvous will bring back the memories of the romantic 50s. Designed with exciting colors and themed bedding options, the guest house offers delicious, heated pool, a magnificent courtyard, relaxing message alternative, microwave, mini-fridge, and king beds. Moreover, all rooms have TV, DVD or CD players with two-person whirlpool tubs. All in all, there is no better romantic guest house than Palm Springs Rendezvous. Olea Hotel 5131 Warm Springs Rd., Glen Ellen, CA 95442 USA Olea Hotel is located in the hillside area with oak and olive trees surrounding the entire guest house. It’s a small boutique hotel where you will be able to enjoy diverse amenities and excellent breakfast alternatives including, fresh fruit juices, coffee, and refreshment. Eden Vale Inn 1780 Springvale Road, Placerville, CA 95667 USA Eden Vale Inn was featured in Sunset Magazine and it was ranked among the top ten Getaways for Romance in Northern California. The guest house has state-of-the-art amenities with high-speed internet facility and Wi-Fi. All rooms have HDTVs with DVD or CD players and computerized mood lighting. There are seven unique rooms, featuring private garden entrances and luxury bathrooms. Not to mention you will see gas or wood-burning fireplaces. Additionally, there is a pond for swimming and you will have the option of a boat ride. High Ridge Manor Bed & Breakfast 5458 High Ridge Road, Paso Robles, CA 93446 USA The last guest house on our list is the High Ridge Manor Bed & Breakfast , which is voted as one of the top 14 Romantic guest houses in California. While staying at this guest house, you can enjoy and explore the Central Coast Wine Country. If you love shopping, then you can go to the nearby shopping malls. High Ridge Manor Bed & Breakfast is famous for fine breakfast options with gourmet being the flagship dish. Bottom Line If you have come so far, then you have the list of the top 10 guest houses in California . We are sure that all these guest houses will make your stay at California incredible. So, let us know if you have any other alternative by commenting below.   Read More &#8594 .entry-content #post-## post thumbnal options .post-thumb Tips for Metal Detecting In California Beaches By Rudy Walker Jan 12, 2011 0 Comment .entry-header If you are trying to figure how beach metal detecting works, then you have come to the right place. The thing is beach metal detecting is entirely different than traditional hard ground metal detecting procedure. In fact, metal detecting in beaches needs some extra attention as there are scores of sands are placed on the surface. So, in this article, we are going to talk about the best beach metal detecting tips. Let’s put your sleeves up and read the article carefully. Best Tips for Metal Detecting in California Beaches The very first thing you would do on a metal detecting mission on a beach is to take a basket with you. With a basket, you can sift the sand through and make everything smoother for you. You can even customize your basket and make it like a shovel. In that case, it will help you leverage your foot on the beach. Also, if you want to bend over several times to see what you have found, then there is nothing better than a customized basket. Now comes the question – when is the right time to go for beach metal detecting? Well, the timing usually depends on your preference but according to experts, the right time to go on the beach either on the early morning or on the late evening. The key here is not to have people around you as having a big crowd can sometimes make your work difficult. On a side note, you might intrude their privacy of the beach-goers while hunting for valuable objects. In that sense, it would be disrespectful and uncomfortable for them. So, go for beach metal detecting when a few people are around the beach. Another issue that you have to keep in mind is there would be a time when you will see a cut in the sand. With that being said, gold or valuable objects are much heavier than the sands and they tend to be found on the bedrock. So, if there is a storm, cleaning out the top sand, you would be able to scan the further down the sand with the metal detector. Every beach in the world has a line, which is known as the coin line where you could find a concentration of coins. Note that this is the place where people leave their shoes off or change their clothes or leave valuable objects as well. In that case, it could find this line, you could easily scan and make your beach metal detecting mission successful. Aside from taking a useful metal detector like the ones from Fisher or Garret, you could actually be benefitted if you take some of these things with you. These are chapstick, sunscreen, water, and hat. You know what the beach can be harsh and sometimes, the salty water along with loose winds can make your mission woeful. So, if you are prepared for every possible situation, you could find your treasure in good health. You should also remember the fewer items you have in your backpack, the more helpful it will be for beach metal detecting mission. So, minimize your stuff to a basic point and create a base of operation on the beach. It will allow going back take your things. Bottom Line Now that you are more than prepared with our tips, we would like to offer you a valuable advice. When you find something on the beach, you should identify the owner. You should understand what it feels to lose something special like an expensive ring or an heirloom. It will be the right thing to do as the emotional reward you would get is amazing! So, let us know what you think of commenting below. Read More &#8594 .entry-content #post-## post thumbnal options .post-thumb Solo Travel and Hobbies By Rudy Walker Dec 02, 2010 0 Comment .entry-header We all know how exciting traveling can be! If you travel a lot, you will get to see and experience new places, foods, culture, and many more things. In fact, you would find a few people who would say – traveling is boring and I am not used to it! However, since everything has its downside, traveling too has some negative aspects such as solo traveling. Yes! You heard us right. Solo traveling often can be a boring thing to do as you are all alone, drifting from one place to another with no one to talk about your adventure. What’s more, humans are social creature who likes to get along with people. In that sense, solo traveling is challenging. But, you can still make the most out of your solo travel adventure if you develop these following habits. So, let us scroll down and read out the hobbies you can have while traveling on your own. Do Workout regularly Doing regular exercise is not an entertaining thing but to be honest it helps you occupied. Most importantly, regular workout will make you fit and at the same time, you will not feel bored while solo traveling . In that case, try different workout methods such as the squats, sit-ups, yoga or dance, etc. Write blogs about your travel adventures This is an interesting hobby for many solo travelers as writing blogs about your travel adventure can sometimes make your famous. You will even feel amazing when you write down all the events from planning your trip to cap it off with something special. Even though putting all your thoughts into words is not an easy task. But it will always be something all solo travelers do because journaling your adventure will create a far better souvenir than just taking pictures of everything. Keep a scrapbook with you Keeping a scrapbook will help you in collecting souvenirs from your journeys like maps, cards, glue, train or air tickets, etc. In fact, a scrapbook is not precisely a hobby but it will keep you organized. Start learning a new language When you are traveling, you will have ample time to do something new. In that sense, learning a new language would be perfect. For example – if you are going to France but don’t know how to speak French, you should learn it while on the plane or train or bus. Even you can practice speaking French with the locals as you will have the opportunity to talk with them. Listen to music This is the most obvious hobby that many solo travelers have. So, listening to music is common but it’s one of the calming thing you can do in your trip. Develop a habit of reading books Well! Developing a habit of reading books is not everyone’s cup of tea but it’s definitely worth it. The thing is if you start understanding how amazing reading books can be, your time will just fly. So, you won’t be bored for a second. Start something with reading about your destination or culture or history to make yourself familiar with your destination. Become a part-time photographer This is an exciting hobby for solo travelers. Let’s face it, if you try and become a part-time photographer, you can take beautiful pictures of your trip. Even you can take them to computer and make a photo album. In truth, becoming a photographer will not only keep your time occupied, but also make your travel memories long-lasting. Bottom Line The bottom line is you have to keep some time for yourself and family. When you have traveled a lot, it can get on your nerve. Therefore, try spending some time with your family and friends to rejuvenate yourself in the best way. So, let us know what more solo travelers can do as a hobby by commenting below. Read More &#8594 .entry-content #post-## post thumbnal options .post-thumb What to Hunt in Sweden, Norway & Denmark By Rudy Walker Nov 23, 2010 0 Comment .entry-header Scandinavia as the name suggest is a desolated and a diverse place with numerous landscapes, scores of forests, and shiny lakes. The countries within this region are known as Nordic Countries where everything from culture to history to ethnicity is different from the rest of the world. From Baltic Sea to the Arctic Circle, Scandinavian region is as big as any other continent of the world. The kingdoms that lies within the borders are Sweden, Norway, and Denmark. In addition to these countries, there are two other countries – Iceland and the republics of Finland reside within the Scandinavia. With large land area and countless forests, these countries are immensely popular among the hunters as they are the breeding ground for many animals. In fact, the three kingdoms offer an exciting hunting opportunity to all the hunters including professional and beginner hunters. So, in this article, we will shed light on what to hunt in Sweden , Norway, and Denmark to ensure your hunting mission is unique and enjoyable. Let’s move forward and read the article. Hunting In Sweden Sweden is a huge country with dark forests, large lakes, and lush meadows. Sweden is one of the few countries where you would find the last areas of real wildlife in Europe. This country is also the habitat of quaint game species such as lynx , moose, and brown bear. Here, the nature is fascinating with exciting surroundings , making this country an attractive destination for passionate hunters. With that being said, if you have an air rifle with you, you could actually thrive as a hunter in Sweden. Now, if we talk about the species in Sweden, the European Moose would come first as it is the most famous animal in Sweden. On top of it, more than one quarter of a million of European Moose lives in Sweden. Not to mention the use of elk dog to hunt down the moose is a second to none. These dogs can locate and hold the moose efficiently, which makes everything smoother for the hunters. In addition, a region known as the Lapland is home to European Reindeer, one of the most natural species in the world. This region is in the north of Sweden where the territory is unrestricted. Here, you will see the Reindeer roam freely, making it easier for the hunters to hunt them down. Hunting In Norway Norway is wilder than Sweden with mountains and fjords. This is in fact a fascinating country where the countryside is rough. Yet it draws more people than any other country in the world for its natural beauty and surroundings. The most vital game species in this country are ungulate species including the roe deer, reindeer, and red deer. However, the most popular game animal in Norway is the grouse. This animal has deep roots to Norway’s hunting culture and tradition. What’s more, the norther part of Norway is the most challenging place to hunt as there is a scarcity of infrastructure. However, with an air rifle and a passion to hunt, Norway is a fantastic country to hunt animals and game species Hunting In Denmark Denmark is a best known for its Vikings with rich historical evidence suggests that Denmark’s Vikings were the most active Vikings in the eastern and southern British Isles along with Western Europe. Denmark is a huge country with many dark forests, making it an ideal habitat for natural and wild animals. Here, the most popular game species are European moose and reindeer, Capercaille, roe deer , and sika deer. Bottom Line If you love hunting wild animals, then you must go to these Scandinavian countries. These countries have the perfect environment with right climate, which is important for real-life species. So, share your thoughts with us by commenting below to make sure you know how hunting works in Scandinavian countries. Read More &#8594 .entry-content #post-## post thumbnal options .post-thumb The 10 Best Cheap Hotels in Iceland By Rudy Walker Sep 14, 2010 0 Comment .entry-header Iceland is a beautiful country with remarkable natural sights and touristic places. For this reason, millions of tourists from all over the world choose Iceland as their go-to holiday destination. However, not all of them can travel on a high-budget. So, in this article, we are going to talk about the 10 best cheap hotels in Iceland to ensure people who are on a tight budget can still make their dream come true. Let’s move further and read the article to know more about the cheap hotels in Iceland. CenterHotel Plaza CenterHotel Plaza is conveniently located on downtown Reykjavik’s town square. It’s one of the budget hotels in Reykjavik , which includes 200 rooms of all size. Each room features luxury décor with mini-bars, tea and coffee-making facilities, and flat-screen TVs. The lounge or common area of the hotel is sleek, presenting a modern-day bar and Wi-Fi facility. The hotel serves free breakfast buffet to its visitors. Hotel Berg If you are looking for a smooth access too Keflavik International Airport, you should choose the Hotel Berg. Located right outside the city of Keflavik, this hotel is a family-run hotel with affordable accommodation. Featuring 17 clean rooms with contemporary amenities including mini-fridges, free Wi-Fi, and flat-screen TVs, the hotel serves waffles as a breakfast item. There is also an outdoor hot tub on the back deck of the hotel. Hotel Klettur Located in the capital region of Reykjavik, Hotel Klettur is just a few steps from the renowned Hallgrimskirkja cathedral. This is an economical hotel with affordable accommodation options. The interior design of all the 86 rooms has a minimalist style. Each room has LCD TVs, free Wi-Fi, and coffee and tea making facilities. The hotel serves the breakfast for free and the guest can enjoy playing pool and foosball in the game room. Even the guest will be able to relax on the on-site mini-bar. Fosshotel Raudara Fosshotel Raudara is a mid-range hotel with 85 rooms of all sizes. Although the interior décor of all rooms are traditional, the guests can enjoy free Wi-Fi with parking space and a tiny bar with daily happy hour. The hotel is located just 20 minutes away from the heart of the downtown. Northern Light Inn Another mid-range hotel, the Northern Light Inn is located in the midst of lava fields. These fields are in between the towns of Keflavik and Grindavik. There are 32 rooms with light décor with flat-screen TVs and kettles. The guests will have access to free Wi-Fi and there is also parking space. The hotel serves free breakfast buffet to its visitors. You can even dine at the Nordic restaurant where there is an honesty bar. The environment of the hotel is quiet with countryside atmosphere makes everything serene. Last but not the lease, the guest will have access to the Blue Lagoon via a free shuttle service. Hotel Kriunes The Hotel Kruines is a family-owned guest house, which is located on the shores of Lake Ellidavatn. In fact, the hotel is just 20 minutes away from central Reykjavik. This hotel is an economical hotel with 12 room, featuring free Wi-Fi and flat-screen TVs. If you book the big rooms, you will have sitting rooms, hot tubs, and fireplaces. Not to mention each room has lake views, which make this hotel a romantic alternative for couples. What’s more, the hotel serves free coffee all day with in-house breakfast items and free happy-hour cake. If you are not contented with these features, you can always relax using the sauna and hot tub. Centerhotel Arnarhvoll Located in the capital region of Iceland, the Centerhotel Arnarhvoll is a minimalistic hotel. Tourists staying at this hotel will be able to enjoy many famous sights of Reykjavik. All restaurants and bars are located within walking distance. Although the rooms and bathrooms are small, this is a mid-range hotel with contemporary amenities and mini-bars. The amenities include free Wi-Fi, flat-screen TVs, a top-floor bar, and a lounge. To add these amenities, the guests can enjoy a relaxing time on the basement spa as well. Hotel Hafnarfjordur The Hotel Hafnarfjordur is a three-pearl hotel with 71 large rooms. Each room features simple yet stylish décor. Most of the rooms have kitchenettes and free Wi-Fi. Moreover, the guests can enjoy many other amenities including a game room with pool and ping-pong tables, a lobby bar, meeting and conference rooms. Reykjavik Lights Reykjavik Lights is located in the central region of Iceland. Established in 2012, this hotel is just 10 minutes away from Reykjavik’s city center. It’s a mid-range hotel with 105 rooms. All the rooms provide modern-day décor with Icelandic-themed accents. In fact, all rooms have compact interior mad with light wood floors and Scandinavian furniture. The amenities include flat-screen TVs, free Wi-Fi, electric kettles, small bar, a lounge, and free continental breakfast. Hotel Laxnes The last budget hotel on our list is the Hotel Laxnes , which is located in the coastal town of Mosfellsbaer. Although the public areas of the hotel are traditional, it has 26 beautifully decorated rooms. Each room is clean and well-maintained with contemporary bathrooms. Some rooms have kitchenettes with balconies from where you can see the Northern Lights perfectly. The notable amenities of this hotel include free buffet breakfast, games room, an outdoor hot tub, and an on-site bar. Bottom Line If you have read so far, you must have an idea of where to find the best cheap hotels in Reykjavik. So, let us know if we have missed any hotel by commenting below. Read More &#8594 .entry-content #post-## post thumbnal options .post-thumb Where to Stay In Reykjavik for 7 Days Trips By Rudy Walker Jun 07, 2010 0 Comment .entry-header When you are traveling to remote destinations, you should always ensure your accommodation in advance. In that sense, Iceland is no different. That being said, this country is seemingly growing with new hotels and restaurants in abundance. So, in this article, we are going to talk about the accommodation options in Reykjavik, Iceland. After reading this article, you will know exactly where to stay in Reykjavik . Let’s read the article carefully! Before talking about the accommodation alternatives in Reykjavik, we would like you to know how we have made our list of the hotels. We have put together a list in which you will see luxury hotels , mid-range hotels, and budget hotels. To be precise, we have used the following criteria to select the hotels: Central location Breakfast include Parking available Price-quality ratio Free Wi-Fi Airport Shuttle Based on best Price quality (Luxury Hotels) Kvosin Downtown Hotel (Kirkjutorg 4, 101 Reykjavík, Iceland) Kvosin Downtown Hotel is located behind the Reykjavík Cathedral and the Icelandic Parliament. Featuring some of the best modern rooms with Nespresso coffee machines and free Wi-Fi access, Kvosin Downtown Hotel has big rooms with the spacious sitting arrangement. Along with these features, each room includes a flat-screen TV and private bathroom with a shower. There is also a kitchenette where you will find a stove and a fridge. When it comes to dining options, Kvosin Downtown Hotel offers Restaurant Bergsson, a classy restaurant where you can eat quality food. Alda Hotel Reykjavík (Laugavegur 66, 101 Reykjavík, Iceland) Alda Hotel Reykjavík is located in the central Reykjavik and the hotel is just 12 minutes away from the beach. With contemporary amenities, each room features a flat-screen TV, a private bathroom with a shower or a bathtub, free toiletries, and access to free Wi-Fi. You can also go to the gym and use the sauna to make yourself relaxed. In addition, the bar within the hotel can provide you with much-needed refreshment as you can drink all types of beverages there. Apótek Hotel Reykjavík (Austurstræti 16, 101 Reykjavík, Iceland) Apótek Hotel Reykjavík is our last luxury hotel, which is located in the 101 neighborhood in Reykjavík. This property is a modern-day property where you will find almost everything. With a restaurant, a bar, and Wi-Fi access to all around the property, guests will have a blast in the hotel. When it comes to amenities, each room includes a flat-screen TV and some of the rooms have large sitting arrangements. What’s more, there is a private bathroom with a shower, bathrobes, free toiletries, etc. The customer support is friendly and the front desk open for 24 hours. Based on best price-quality (mid-range hotels) Skuggi Hotel Reykjavík (Hverfisgata 103, 101 Reykjavík, Iceland) Skuggi Hotel Reykjavík is one of the best mid-range hotels where you can enjoy the on-site bar with contemporary amenities. There is also a free private parking space and each room features a flat-screen TV, a coffee machine, and a private bathroom. The hotel is only 1.9 km away from Reykjavik airport, making it an affordable option for guests. Hotel Ódinsvé (Thorsgata 1, 101 Reykjavík, Iceland) Located a quarter mile from Laekjartorg Square in central Reykjavik, Hotel Ódinsvé is another fine mid-range hotel in Reykjavik. With free Wi-Fi, flat-screen TV, tea or coffee maker, and hardwood floors, each room is equipped with luxury comforters and pillows. Even some of the rooms will offer you city views. Additionally, there is a café bar on the terrace, making this hotel a special one. Last but not the least, if you go to Snaps restaurant, you will see that it’s an on-site bistro where Danish foods are served for lunch and dinner. Based on best price-quality (budget hotels) Reykjavik Downtown HI Hostel (Vesturgata 17, Vesturbær, 101 Reykjavík, Iceland) Reykjavik Downtown HI Hostel a great option for people who are on a budget. The hostel is located in the central region of Reykjavik. With eco-friendly environment (eco-certified), the hostel provides private and shared rooms. Each of the room features a communal kitchen, free Wi-Fi, and a TV lounge. Each morning, guests are served an organic breakfast buffet. If you go to the bar, you will have Fairtrade coffee. As for the recreational room, you will have plenty of options to choose as you either watch movies or read books on your leisure time. Oddsson (Hringbraut 121, Vesturbær, 101 Reykjavík, Iceland) The last budget hotel on our list is the Oddsson, which is located in Reykjavik. The hotel includes an on-site bar and restaurant. There is also a free private parking space for guests. Each room has a large sitting arrangement and some of the rooms will provide you with views of the sea or mountains. The hotel is just 1.9 km away from the Reykjavik airport. All in all, this hotel is a popular choice for travelers who are into tours and excursions. Bottom Line If you have read so far, you must have known where to stay in Reykjavik. So, please share your thoughts with us by commenting below. Read More &#8594 .entry-content #post-## #main #primary Recommended 24 Henry Guesthouse Top 10 Guest Houses In California Tips for Metal Detecting In California Beaches Solo Travel and Hobbies What to Hunt in Sweden, Norway & Denmark #secondary #content col-9 #row #page Copyright 24henry.com All Rights Reserved | Designed with love by: Sanyog Shelar. .site-info #colophon 