Alton Towers Resort: UK Short Breaks, Theme Park & Waterpark End Google Tag Manager Please enable JavaScript to view this site. Thank you. Book Now Opening Times Conference and Events Online Shop Blog Disabled Guide Alton Towers Jobs Contact Us Submit Alton Towers Open Submit Alton Towers Back Tickets Tickets & Passes Theme Park 2019 Season Pass Merlin Annual Pass Student Discount Waterpark Tree Top Quest Extraordinary Golf Fastrack Unlimited Digital Photos Events Scarefest Fireworks More Information Early Ride Time Rainy Day Guarantee Birthday Parties Schools & Groups Schools Groups Youth Groups Buy now - for only £70 Short Breaks Premium Resort CBeebies Land Hotel Alton Towers Hotel Splash Landings Hotel Woodland Lodges Luxury Treehouses Themed Rooms Value Resort NEW 2019! Stargazing Pods Packages & Events Bed and Breakfast Waterpark Escapes Summer Christmas Discover Restaurants Rollercoaster Restaurant Entertainment Stay Nearby New for 2019 Theme Park Rides & Attractions Thrill Rides CBeebies Land Family Rides Attractions What's New Wicker Man The Alton Towers Dungeon Peter Rabbit Hippity Hop Teletubbies Big Band Live Show Meme your Scream Extras Fastrack Early Ride Time Unlimited Digital Photos Buy now - for only £70 CBeebies Land CBeebies Land Hotel Bugbies Room In The Night Garden Room Octonauts Room Swashbuckle Room Something Special Room Postman Pat Room Rides & Attractions The Furchester Hotel Live Go Jetters Vroomster Zoom Ride Octonauts Rollercoaster Adventure Postman Pat Parcel Post See more... What's New Peter Rabbit Hippity Hop Teletubbies Big Band Live Show CBeebies Land Hotel Things to do Things to do Theme Park Waterpark Tree Top Quest Extraordinary Golf Alton Towers Spa Birthday Parties Events Meme your Scream Scarefest Fireworks Christmas Eat & Shop Rollercoaster Restaurant Theme Park Restaurants Accommodation Restaurants Shopping Online Shop Explore now Schools School Trips Secondary Primary FE & Universities Educational Residential Waterpark Prices and Planning Book Online Prices Risk Assessment Teacher Preview Days Educational Resources Information For Parents Ride Safety Disabled Access SEND Provision About Your Day FAQs Merlin Backstage Events The Alton Towers Dungeon Street Dance Business of Leisure Sub Strain Or e-mail us... Plan your visit Opening Times Opening Times Your Visit Directions Car Parking Resort App Height Restrictions Resort Maps Disabled Guide Early Ride Time Help Centre Day Visit FAQs Short Break FAQs Contact Us Who we are Our Mission Ride Safety Towers Loving Care Community & Charity Engagement Heritage Who we are Opening Times Conference and Events Online Shop Blog Disabled Guide Alton Towers Jobs Contact Us 2019 Season Pass Buy a Season Pass from just £56 and get a free Fastrack worth up to £10! Explore now Summer Short Breaks Escape on an unforgettable Short Break this Summer from £133 per family! Explore now Short Breaks One day just isn't enough Book now Season Passes Visit again and again Buy now Day Passes Book in advance and save Buy now Short Breaks One day just isn't enough! Let the fantabulous fun continue with an amazing short break! Summer Holidays Have an extraordinary summer holiday from just £113 per family Based on 2 Adults & 2 Children. B&B in a Stargazing Pod Explore now Waterpark Escapes Escape for a splashtastic short break, plus, experience a light and music extravaganza on Rush from £34pp *Based on 2 Adults. B&B plus Waterpark tickets. T&Cs apply Explore now CBeebies Land Hotel Step inside the rainbow and straight into the colourful world of the UK's only CBeebies Land Hotel. Under 3's go free! Explore now What's New? Alton Towers Dungeon Laugh and Scream through Staffordshire's darkest history Explore now Stargazing Pods Escape to the great British Outdoors in the brand new Stargazing Pods Explore now CBeebies Land in 2019 Two new attractions are joining CBeebies Land in 2019 Explore now Be the first to get the latest news and offers from Alton Towers Resort! Merlin Entertainments plc, and the wider Merlin Entertainments Group, would like to use your personal data (including your contact information, postcode, device data, and purchase data) to keep in touch with personalised email and SMS updates about our magical attractions, hotels and the amazing offers we have available. To see a list of the attractions we will be telling you about and a note of the companies in the Merlin Entertainments Group, please click here . For more information about how we manage your personal data, please read our Privacy Policy . To change your preferences or to stop receiving direct marketing emails from us, you just need to click the link at the bottom of our emails. Yes, I am happy to receive these updates from Merlin Entertainments plc and the wider Merlin Entertainments Group, and I confirm that I am over 16 years of age. Sign up Thank you X Close Sign up to our newsletter Sign up to our newsletter Sign up to receive our amazing email newsletters... and get great offers and discounts! Terms and Conditions . Title Title Mr Mrs Ms First name Last name Email Postcode Sign Up Now Merlin Entertainments plc, and the wider Merlin Entertainments Group, would like to use your personal data (including your contact information, postcode, device data, and purchase data) to keep in touch with personalised email and SMS updates about our magical attractions, hotels and the amazing offers we have available. To see a list of the attractions we will be telling you about and a note of the companies in the Merlin Entertainments Group, please click here . For more information about how we manage your personal data, please read our Privacy Policy . To change your preferences or to stop receiving direct marketing emails from us, you just need to click the link at the bottom of our emails. Yes, I am happy to receive these updates from Merlin Entertainments plc and the wider Merlin Entertainments Group, and I confirm that I am over 16 years of age. Thank you – you have successfully subscribed. Tickets Theme Park 2019 Season Pass Merlin Annual Pass Student Discount Waterpark Extraordinary Golf Extras Events Summer Scarefest Fireworks Christmas Short Breaks NEW 2019! Stargazing Pods CBeebies Land Hotel Alton Towers Hotel Woodland Lodges Splash Landings Hotel Luxury Treehouses Themed Rooms Things to do Theme Park CBeebies Land Waterpark Alton Towers Spa Extraordinary Golf Rollercoaster Restaurant NEW 2019! The Alton Towers Dungeon Schools Secondary & FE Primary Educational Events FAQs Resources Plan your visit Opening Times Directions Car Parking Resort App Height Restrictions Resort Maps Disabled Guide Who we are Our Mission Ride Safety Towers Loving Care Community & Charity Engagement Heritage Twitter YouTube Instagram Facebook TripAdvisor Help Centre Day Visit FAQs Short Break FAQs Contact Us Terms Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Cookies Trespass Injunction Press Centre ©2019 Merlin Entertainments Group Alton Towers Resort Operations Limited ("ATROL") operates Alton Towers Resort as an agent for and on behalf of Merlin Attractions Operations Limited. ATROL Registered Number: 06127441. ATROL Registered Office: Link House. 25 West Street. Poole. Dorset. BH15 1LD ﻿ Tabs Book a Short Break Buy Tickets Rollercoaster Restaurant Buy in 5 days in advance and save with day tickets from just £33 Theme Park Season & Annual Passes Waterpark Find more Rollercoaster restaurant booking form Date Time of booking Select a time Lunch Dinner Peak lunch (12 – 3pm) pre-book not necessary – turn up on the day Party composition Size of party 1 person 2 people 3 people 4 people 5 people 6 people 7 people 8 people or more   Book a table Start Livebookings Code End Livebookings Code Escape to the Alton Towers Resort X Close 