Australia, New Zealand, Europe and Japan travel and holiday destinations based on spectacular 360 degree panoramic photos Spectacular 360° panoramic photos and information for travel and holidays in Australia, New Zealand and Europe Click the column heading to sort the table Tour Title Location Description 1 England - London & surrounds Europe Museums, parks, theatres, Windsor Castle, Stone Henge & Bath 2 Switzerland - Interlaken & Lucerne Europe Stunning mountains of the Bernese Oberland, Shilthorn, Jungfraujoch & Mt Pilatus 3 Italy - Rome Europe The Colosseum, Vatican, Pantheon, Trevi Fountain, Roman Forum & so much more 4 Italy - Florence Europe Michelangelo's David, the Duomo and stunning palaces in this beautiful city 5 Italy - Venice Europe Unique pedestrian city with gondolas, St Mark's Square, Rialto Bridge, Grand Canal & more 6 Italy - Milan Europe Walk on the roof of the Milan Cathedral and shop at Galleria Vittorio Emanuele II 7 France - Paris Europe Eiffel Tower, Louvre, Arc de Triomphe, Notre Dam, Versailles, Disneyland and more. 8 Germany - Munich Europe Olympic tower, BMW, Nymphenburg Palace and even river surfing! 9 Germany - Romantic Road Europe Neuschwanstein Castle, Rothenburg ob der Tauber, Heidelberg & 200km/h on the autobahn! 10 Germany - Berlin Europe Brandenburg Gate, Legoland, TV Tower, museums, Potsdam, Holocaust Memorial & beer. 11 Singapore Singapore Spectacular Marina Bay, Sentosa Island and zoos for endless entertainment. 12 Hobart, Launceston, Cradle Mtn & more Tasmania Pristine wilderness, clean air and spectacular mountain views. 13 Auckland New Zealand Harbour city surrounded by stunning rainforest mountains. 14 Taronga Zoo Sydney See the baby elephants Pathi Harn and Luk Chai at Australia's most famous zoo. 15 Fraser Island Hervey Bay World's largest sand island with amazing lakes and 4WD tours. 16 Forest Lake Brisbane - South Master planned community featuring an $8.9 million man-made lake. 17 Great Western Hotel Rockhampton The country's best steaks, beer and national championship rodeo. 18 David Fleay Wildlife Park Gold Coast Wildlife park including many rare and endangered Australian animals. 19 Brisbane Botanic Gardens Mt Coot-Tha Brisbane - Central Admire the stunning array of gardens and many other things to see and do. 20 Broadbeach Gold Coast Beautiful beaches and excellent accomodation with lots of things to see and do. 21 Sydney Sydney World famous for the Sydney Opera House and Olympic Games in 2000. 22 Hibiscus Sports Complex Brisbane - South Sports complex with a skateboard park, netball courts, pools, squash courts, etc. 23 Brisbane Forest Park Brisbane - North Walk-about Creek Restaurant and Function Centre. Also includes a wildlife centre. 24 Byfield Rainforest Capricorn Coast Featuring creek picinic areas, art shops and Ferns Hideaway Resort. 25 Hotel Mercure Clear Mountain Lodge Brisbane - North A relaxing hotel situated high on a mountain with spectacular views. 26 Cooberrie Park Wildlife Sanctuary Capricorn Coast Wildlife park with many animals to hand feed and experience hugging a koala. 27 Daisy Hill Koala Sanctuary Brisbane - South Koala habitat with picnic areas, information centre and walking/cycling/horse riding tracks. 28 Dreamtime Cultural Centre Rockhampton Aboriginal exhibit catering for tours, conferences and motel accommodation. 29 Heritage Village Rockhampton Historical township replica including car rides and townsfolk in period costume. 30 Hervey Bay Hervey Bay Beautiful coastal area for trips to Fraser Island and whale watching. 31 Ironbark Ridge Vineyard Brisbane - South The perfect place to relax and enjoy a wine from the makers themselves. 32 Kershaw Gardens Rockhampton Botanical gardens featuring waterfalls, walkways and perfect for a garden wedding. 33 Lamington National Park Gold Coast O'Reilly's Guest House on Green Mountain including world famous tree-top walk. 34 Lone Pine Koala Sanctuary Brisbane - Central The first and largest koala sanctuary in the world. 35 Mt Archer Rockhampton Spectacular views of Rockhampton with leisurely bushwalks and perfect for picnics. 36 Mt Hay Gemstone Tourist Park Rockhampton Fossick for thundereggs, admire beautiful gemstones and Aradon fine pewter. 37 Queenstown New Zealand Action capital with incredible picturesque scenery admired by all. 38 Rainbow Mountain Rockhampton Experience the natural Australian bush and admire the vast panoramic views. 39 Real Estate example Brisbane - South Buy or sell a property with more potential customers and 24hr access. 40 Rockhampton Botanic Gardens Rockhampton Large mature garden including a zoo, playground, kiosk and much more. 41 Rydges Capricorn International Resort Capricorn Coast Large coastal resort 45km from Rockhampton with golf courses, big pool, restaurants, etc. 42 Stamford Plaza Brisbane - Central Prestigious award winning hotel previously called The Heritage. 43 Sunshine Coast Sunshine Coast Beautiful beaches and spectaclular rainforest area just an hour drive north of Brisbane. 44 Sydney - Blue Mountains Sydney Stunning views and wildlife. 45 University of Queensland Brisbane - Central Multicoloured sandstone buildings, purple jacaranda trees and tranquil lakes. 46 Great Keppel Island Capricorn Coast Tropical island with crystal clear ocean waters and beautiful sandy white beaches. 47 Brisbane River Brisbane - Central Photos and suggested travel itinerary catching the CityCat along the Brisbane River. 48 Rotorua New Zealand Amazing thermal landscape, natural hot spring baths and therapeutic mud. 49 Taronga Western Plains Zoo Dubbo Large, savannah style zoo with lots of big animals and on-site accommodation. 50 Blackall Range Hinterland Sunshine Coast Fantastic rainforest walks, mountain views and places to stay. 51 Burleigh Heads Gold Coast Popular beach for swimming and surfing including the Breaka Pro surfing competition. 52 Snapper Rocks Gold Coast Quiksilver and Roxy Pro Surfing Competition at Coolangatta Queensland Australia. 53 South Australia South Australia Adelaide (and zoo), Barossa Valley, Kangaroo Island, Hahndorf and Adelaide Hills. 54 Crystal Castle Byron Bay Spiritual gardens featuring statues and crystals. 55 Downfall Creek Brisbane - North Bushland Centre and walking tracks where you see native Australian flora and fauna. 56 Greenwood Lakes Brisbane - South Rehabilitated wetlands with a walking track and viewing platform of Oxley Creek. 57 U2 360° Tour Australia 2010 Brisbane, Sydney The U2 360° Tour concert on the 360 Tours website - how appropriate! 58 Cairns, Port Douglas, Great Barrier Reef North Queensland Wander tropical rainforests then swim amongst the colourful fish of the coral reef. 59 Swan Bells - Bell Tower Western Australia Modern bell tower tourist attraction in the middle of Perth. 60 Western Australia Western Australia Pinnacles, Cervantes, Fremantle, Margaret River & Perth. 61 Hakuba Japan Snowboarding at Goryu, 47, Happo-one and Iwatake resorts. 62 Sumo Japan - Tokyo Sumo Wrestling at Ryogoku Kokugikan Tokyo, Japan 2015. 63 Odaiba Japan - Tokyo Entertainment island with Gundam, rides, Toyota showrooms and more. 64 Robot Restaurant Japan - Tokyo Crazy, unique, over-the-top entertainment while you eat. 65 Asakusa Japan - Tokyo Shrines, temples, statues, rickshaws and ladies in kimonos. 66 Harajuku Japan - Tokyo Famous Takeshita St, Yoyogi park with Meiji Shrine and lots of shoppping. 67 Nikko Japan A popular National Park north of Tokyo featuring shrines & spectacular waterfalls. 68 Kamakura & Yokohama Japan Giant bronze buddha statue, temples, shrines and gardens located 50km south of Tokyo. 69 Kyoto Japan Walk through the thousands of red Torii gates, see the golden pavillion and more. 70 Nara Japan Wild deer roam the town and thousands of laterns only lit three times a year. 71 Osaka Japan Umeda Sky Building, Osaka Castle and Universal Studios. 72 Samoa Samoa South Pacific tropical island. 73 Christchurch New Zealand The garden city. 74 Alps 2 Ocean New Zealand 320km mountain bike ride from Aoraki/Mt Cook to Oamaru. Free 360° High Definition Screensaver by 360 Tours Comments and feedback: "absolutely breathtaking" "love it" "Very good. Very unusual." "Beautifully done..." "awesome" High resolution 360 degree panoramic images that rotate smoothly on your whole screen. Interactive - you can take control to display the next or previous panorama, change rotation speed or direction plus a pause function. Absolutely no spyware, no adware, no trial period, etc. Use your own photos Set the resolution as high as your PC can go. Play your own background mp3 music. Copyright © 2015 360 Tours - Contact us for advertising prices and options 