Albert & Victoria Guest House, Eastbourne | Homepage My Booking £ £ GBP € EUR $ USD $ AUD R$ BRL $ CAD CHF $ CLP د.م. MAD $ MXN د.ت TND R ZAR EN English English (US) Deutsch Español Italiano Français Português (PT) Português (BR) 01323730948 aandvguesthouse@gmail.com 19 St. Aubyns Road Eastbourne East Sussex BN22 7AS United Kingdom Scroll left Scroll right ≡ Menu Homepage Rooms Reviews Cancellation Policy Important Information Access Statement Check in and Check out Check Availability Check in Enter your dates and search to see prices and availability! Check out Rooms and People 2 Adult(s) 0 Children 1 Rooms Add/Remove + - Room 1 Adult 2 Adult(s) 3 Adult(s) 4 Adult(s) 5 Adult(s) 6 Adult(s) 7 Adult(s) 8 Adult(s) 9 Adult(s) 10 Adult(s) 11 Adult(s) 12 Adult(s) 13 Adult(s) 14 Adult(s) 15 Adult(s) 16 Adult(s) 17 Adult(s) 18 Adult(s) 19 Adult(s) 20 Adult(s) 0 Children 1 Child 2 Children 3 Children 4 Children 5 Children 6 Children 7 Children 8 Children 9 Children 10 Children 11 Children 12 Children 13 Children 14 Children 15 Children 16 Children 17 Children 18 Children 19 Children 20 Children 1 Room added Close Show Prices [if IE 9]><video style="display: none;"><![endif] [if IE 9]></video><![endif] Albert & Victoria Guest house The Albert & Victoria Guest House and Bed & Breakfast offers five-star accommodation in Eastbourne, just 40 metres from the seafront. Our beautiful Victorian B&B offers bed and breakfast accommodation at its best with comfortable rooms (all with ensuite facilities) in a five-star setting and individually styled, themed rooms that include many original features. You’ll always receive a warm welcome at the Albert & Victoria Guest House and enjoy high-quality breakfasts (as rated by our guests), which are home-cooked to order and use the best, and where possible locally sourced, ingredients. We can cater for all dietary requirements at our B&B, please contact us direct to discuss your needs. We take pride in our Guest House and providing you with the best Bed & Breakfast experience in Eastbourne. Our our clean, comfortable, well appointed rooms offer all you need for a relaxing stay. All rooms at the B&B are non-smoking and individually furnished to a very high standard to provide each guest with every comfort for their Eastbourne holiday. Our bed and breakfast accommodation offers clean white linen and fluffy towels and robes, and all rooms also include TVs, mini fridges, fresh water and tea and coffee making facilities, while blackout blinds on all windows aid a restful sleep. We’ve recently installed usb-friendly plugs at the Guest House and provide irons and ironing boards, heaters, fans and extra blankets to make your stay in Eastbourne the best it can be. Our top-rated Guest House has a great central location - just a short walk to Eastbourne's town centre, colourful gardens, promenade and Victorian pier. A variety of restaurants to suit all tastes, four theatres, tennis and conference centre are all within easy walking distance. Nearby you will also find Sovereign Harbour, the Marina and several golf courses. For visitors who enjoy walking and cycling, the guest house is situated close to the the South Downs affording beautiful views across Beachy Head and Seven Sisters. Our Bed & Breakfast is perfectly placed for those exploring the South Downs Way and offers secure cycle storage. Check in at the Guest House is between 16:00 and 19:00. Check in times outside of these hours are welcome if you contact us in advance of your stay. Call us direct on 01323 730948 to arrange. Parking is on street, and free of charge, when necessary we can provide guests with parking permits to allow them to park along the sea front for free. Facilities WiFi internet Parking Free parking Dining Continental breakfast Cooked breakfast Activities and Experiences Boating Canoeing Fine dining Fishing Golf Horse riding Jet-ski Kayaking Art galleries & museums Sailing Shopping Antiques & fairs Shopping - boutique Shopping - outlet Surfing Theatre Water activities Location View Map Trip Advisor Hall of Fame 2019 Certificate of Excellence Guest Reviews Albert & Victoria Guest house ( 107 Guest Reviews) 100% Review Overall Rating 4.9 A short visit in Eastbourne with my daughter. Stayed: Jul 19 Read more Tripadvisor rating Facebook Albert &Victoria Guest House Rave Reviews Tripadvisor Certificate of Excellence 2019 Certificate of Excellence 2019 / #CDSWIDCOE © 2019 19 St. Aubyns Road, Eastbourne, East Sussex, BN22 7AS, United Kingdom 01323730948 aandvguesthouse@gmail.com Privacy and cookie policy Booking website powered by eviivo.com   Scroll to top This website is edited by Albert & Victoria Guest house, 19 St. Aubyns Road, Eastbourne, East Sussex, BN22 7AS, United Kingdom. We use cookies to ensure you have the best experience and any personal data shared during your visit is protected by our privacy policy Our website was created and is hosted by eviivo Limited, 154 Pentonville Road, London, N1 9JE, United Kingdom. Registration: 05002392 Tax / VAT number: 877374571 . eviivo have no responsibility for the content displayed on this website, and they operate the website on our behalf under the following privacy policy By using this website you consent to our use of cookies and the terms of our privacy policy I accept More information 