California Wine Country Hotels - Apple Farm Inn Skip to Content (Press Enter) Book Now Check in: Check out: Guests: 1 2 3 4 5 Previous month Next month Book Now Menu Contact Us FAQ Photo Gallery Videos Property Map Sign Up Blog Home Reservations Rooms Specials & Packages Dining Meetings Gift Shop San Luis Obispo Online Store For reservations call: 1-800-255-2040 Youtube Tripadvisor Facebook Twitter Instagram Pinterest Contact Us FAQ Photo Gallery Videos Property Map Sign Up Blog Home Reservations Rooms Inn Rooms Trellis Court Rooms Millhouse Specials & Packages Dining Menus Bakery Winery of the Month Meetings Weddings Request for Proposal Gift Shop Gift Cards San Luis Obispo Calendar Our Wine Country Hearst Castle Breweries & Cider Houses For Children Outdoor Adventures Nature Activities Golf Courses Pismo Beach Monarch Butterfly Grove Weather & Climate Online Store Apple Farm Inn Apple farm King Specialty - Studio 101 Photography Trellis Court King Room duck served at our san luis obispo fine dining restaurant Apple Farm Lobby A Charming San Luis Obispo Hotel Welcome to Apple Farm Inn Hotel & Lodging Previous Next Wine country hospitality, comfortable deluxe lodging, and honest value are the guiding principles behind the Apple Farm Inn, a San Luis Obispo hotel that embodies a true atmosphere of tranquility. Combining the charm of wine country inns with the modern conveniences of a luxury hotel, Apple Farm Inn offers the best in San Luis Obispo lodging . Our rooms are uniquely appointed with cozy fireplaces and seating nooks. Deluxe accommodations await you in a lush, quiet garden setting. We are conveniently located just off US 101, on the Central Coast of California.From your home base at Apple Farm Inn, explore San Luis Obispo: festivals, farmers markets, Cal Poly San Luis Obispo, a historic mission, superb food, and a creek that runs through town. Minutes away, rolling valleys offer the best in California wine tasting. A short drive north on Highway One brings you to Hearst Castle and the spectacular shoreline of Big Sur. Everyone here will be delighted to see you, whether you're just looking for a night's lodging, a weekend getaway, or a memorable experience including the romance of country inns, lush gardens, a brimming gift shop, and a step back in time at our authentic millhouse. To enjoy the best of hotels in San Luis Obispo, California, check into the Apple Farm Inn. You will leave your heart with us and return again and again. Featured Specials Upcoming Events Reserve Your Stay Now! Book your San Luis Obispo Wine Country stay online with us! Book Now Trellis Court $129 Spring Blooms Package This spring discover the gorgeous green hills and wildflowers of the Central Coast with this fun package! Learn More From 169 Taste Local Cuisine Try our seasonal cuisine at the Apple Farm Restaurant for breakfast, lunch, and dinner! Learn More Online Shop Find Apple Farm Brand Items, local goods and Gift Cards in our Online Shop! Shop Now Previous Next San Luis Obispo Farmers' Market Experience quintessential SLO at the Thursday night Farmers' Market. Read more 25 July Concerts in the Plaza Enjoy a free concert in SLO's Mission Plaza every Friday evening during the summer months. Read more 26 July Summer Movie Night Apple Farm guests can enjoy a free family movie night on our Creekside Lawn Saturdays during the summer. Read more 27 July Previous Next All Rooms Inn Rooms Trellis Court Rooms Millhouse A Charming San Luis Obispo Hotel Previous Next King Deluxe Apple Farm King Deluxe rooms are beautifully appointed with contemporary country decor. They... Learn More King Specialty Our King Specialty rooms are located on all three floors and have a spacious seating area, gas... Learn More Queen Specialty Queen Specialty rooms are located on all three floors and have a spacious seating area, gas... Learn More Queen Accessible Queen Accessible rooms are located on all three floors and are accessible via an elevator. They... Learn More Signature King These rooms are larger and feature unique architectural turrets as well as over-sized bathrooms.... Learn More Trellis Court King This room features a king bed, a gas fireplace, a small writing desk, a flat screen LCD... Learn More Trellis Court Queen This room type is located on both floors of the two-story section of our Trellis Court and each... Learn More Trellis Court King with Soaking Tub This room type in our Trellis Court includes a king bed and a private patio with a two-person... Learn More Trellis Court Queen with Soaking Tub This room type includes a queen bed and a private patio with a two-person soaking tub. Learn More Family Suite Standard There are two Standard Family Suites in our Trellis Court. They have two bedrooms and one... Learn More Deluxe Family Suite We have a Deluxe Family Suite in our Trellis Court. It features two bedrooms and one bathroom as... Learn More Millhouse Room A This room is decorated in rich burgundy colors with a king size bed and is located on the second... Learn More Millhouse Room B This room is decorated in warm yellow tones with a king size bed and is located on the second... Learn More Millhouse Room C This room is a King Specialty room in cool blue tones. It features a king size bed and a seating... Learn More Millhouse Suite D This one-of-a-kind suite is the newest addition to the Apple Farm. It features one bedroom with... Learn More What’s Nearby Category: Wineries Zoom: Zoom Out Zoom In Social Follow Us Previous Next Email Signup Never miss out Please Enter Your Email Sign Up Site Map Accessibility EU GDPR Employment Press About Us Boutique Hotel Collection 2015 Monterey Street , San Luis Obispo , CA , 93401 1-800-255-2040 , 1-805-544-2040 [email protected] [email protected] [email protected] All rights reserved © 2019 HOTEL WEBSITE DESIGN & smartCMS ® TECHNOLOGY BY HEBS DIGITAL 