Aln House Bed and Breakfast Alnwick Northumberland Welcome Rooms Breakfast Menu The Area Book Now Tariffs Contact Us 01665 602265 Slide One - Set the background image for this slide in the line below "This is the best B&B I've ever stayed in" Slide Two - Set the background image for this slide in the line below "What more could you ask for" Slide Three - Set the background image for this slide in the line below "Really loved our stay at Aln House" Previous Next Welcome to Aln House A warm and friendly welcome awaits you at Aln House, a beautiful Edwardian home, situated close to the centre of the historic and bustling market town of Alnwick and many wonderful villages and fabulous beaches along the Northumberland coast line - a real hidden gem. We offer our guests the best personal service with attention to every detail. All you need to do is drop your bags, we’ll take care of the rest. We aim to ensure each and every guest has a wonderfully relaxing break, with delightful home comforts and breakfasts starting with fresh fruits, cereals, and yoghurt. Sharon is front of house and Joe cooks the breakfasts, offering a selection of culinary delights made from locally sourced ingredients to set you up for the day. Parking is free in our private off-road car park at the front of the house with plenty of room for six cars. We will be on hand to ensure you have an enjoyable stay, whether you would like refreshments on arrival, help in planning your days out and offering suggestions for eating out at the many fabulous dinner venues. There is also a pub serving good food less than one minutes walk away.  Aln House is positioned one mile from the A1, situated on South Road, a ten-minute walk into the town centre. It provides an excellent base for exploring Alnwick, the beautiful Northumberland National Park and the miles of sandy beaches only a few miles away. There really are so many things to do here it makes Alnwick an all year-round destination to come and enjoy. 6 En-suite Rooms All our en-suite rooms are tastefully and individually decorated, and our largest room, No 3,  has the benefit of a bath/shower. Rooms Lounge & Dining Relax in our beautiful guest lounge and start your day with a hearty Northumbrian breakfast in our a bright and airy dining room. Breakfast Menu Non-smoking For the added safety and benefit of all our guests, we have an exclusive non-smoking policy throughout the building. Terms & Conditions © 2019 Aln House Bed & Breakfast South Road Alnwick Northumberland NE66 2NZ. bookings@alnhouse.co.uk 01665 602265 Find us on Facebook Reviews on Tripadvisor Welcome Rooms Breakfast Menu The Area Book Now Tariffs Contact Us a lazy grace production Optional JavaScript jQuery first, then Popper.js, then Bootstrap JS Global site tag (gtag.js) - Google Analytics 