Island of Hvar - Apartments Mladen, Sucuraj - apartment accommodation DWLayoutTable   Sucuraj, Island of Hvar, Croatia The agava tree on the coast of Sucuraj on Hvar island Sucuraj Harbour Cesminica beach in Sucuraj               Apartments  MLADEN - Hvar private accommodation in Sucuraj island of Hvar, Croatia holiday apartments for rent owner: Vladan Jerkovic tel: +385 95 907 8307 email: vladan.jerkovic@gmail.com   Sucuraj is a genuine mediteranean village located at east cape of Island Hvar , at the point where the island is closest to the Dalmatian coast. For its location , Sucuraj is island itself on island Hvar. Separated from urban centers and daily rushes, surrounded by sea and untouched nature, it developed its own slow rhytm, and preserved reach tradition and cultural heritage. As such, it is an ideal family resort. Most of the things that you might need is at a few minutes walking distance; beaches, shops, restaurants and caffes. For more info about Sucuraj, please visit Sucuraj Home Page. On our pages you can also view lots of photos, and find out what you can do and see in Sucuraj and Hvar island.     Sucuraj harbour from the air Church Saint Ante in Sucuraj Old fish restaurant The boats in Sucuraj harbour Restaurant Sarajevo                  House - apartments MLADEN   We are pleased to offer you accommodation in apartments 50 meters from the seashore and few minutes from the center of willage. The nearest beach is 150 m away. You can choose between A2+2 and A4+1 apartment type. All apartments have separate entrances and large balconys with sea views, and are fully equiped with aircondition,(sat)TV, kitchen equipment, internet WiFi, extra bedlinens etc. You can bring your small pets with you. Parking place is available near the house. Click to see where we are in Sucuraj . For any other info about accommodation, don't hesitate to call or email us. Welcome! House - apartments Mladen DWLayoutTable   DWLayoutEmptyCell                        Grill inthe courtyard for the guests    Parking space for the guests    Parking space House position in Sucuraj   Distances from the house: The sea: 50m , The beach: 150m , Village center: 200m , Market: 200m , Restaurants: 250m, Ferry port : 200m DWLayoutTable   Apartment A4+1 A4 living room and kitchen     - 43+9 m2 - first floor - two rooms with 4 beds - living room with extra bed - equiped kitchen - free WIFi internet access - shower bathroom - terrace 9 m2 - digital SAT/TV - aircondition - sea view        Prices ... Bathroom     Room with seoparate beds Room with double beds Kitchen and terrace A4- sea view A4 terrace A4 terrace with swing chair Apartment A2+2 A2 kitchen and living room Additional double bed sofa in the living room   - 32+8 m2 - first floor - room with double bed - living room with double bed - equiped kitchen - free WiFi internet wireless - shower bathroom - terrace 8 m2 - digital SAT/TV - aircondition - sea view   Prices ... Bathroom A2+2 terrace with swing chair A2+2 sea view   Beaches nearby The nearest beach is called "Cesminica, and it is 150m away from the house. It is a pebble beach with small stones turning into the sand as walking into the sea, suitable for small children. There is also a shower on the beach and a caffe bar. Cesminica beach     sand and pebble        Typical island stone - pebble beach arround Sucuraj Sucuraj Home Page  |  Sucuraj & Island Hvar photos  |  Activities  |  Travel & Map  |  Prices & Reservation Hvar Rent a Boat  |  Travel links  |  Site map Hvar island  in other languages: HR: Otok Hvar  |  DE: Insel Hvar  |  IT: Isola di Hvar  |  FR: Ile de Hvar  |  CZ: Ostrov Hvar  |  PL: Wyspa Hvar Partner sites: Omis Croatia   © 2003-2018 Apartments Mladen - Island Hvar 