Bulgaria cultural tours ~ Private Tours Bulgaria ~ Senior Customised Tours Home Welcome About Altours BG Why Bulgaria Tours Testimonials Gallery Contact Us Welcome to Bulgaria Countless Travel Opportunities Read more Cultural Group Tours & Weekend Escapes Read more Private Guided Tours & Guaranteed Departures Read more Incentive Tours & City Breaks Read more Customized Tours & Balkan Adventures Read more Top 10 Reasons to visit Bulgaria top reasons slider 29/08/2015 Cradle of civilizations Read more 29/08/2015 Land of golden treasures Read more 29/08/2015 Meeting point of civilizations Read more 29/08/2015 Homeland of powerful empires Read more 29/08/2015 Sofia – town from the dawn of history Read more 29/08/2015 Culture and wildlife with recognition Read more 29/08/2015 Native land of Orpheus and Spartacus Read more 29/08/2015 Wine – tradition carried through millennia Read more 29/08/2015 Homeland of the attar of roses Read more 29/08/2015 Country of yoghurt Read more Most Popular Theme Tours Bulgaria & the Balkans Get to know Bulgaria UNESCO sites Bulgarian Treasures Bulgarian Monasteries Bulgarian Architecture Bulgarian Wine Bulgarian Cuisine Multi-country Tours Situated in Eastern Europe by the Black Sea, Bulgaria is a country of rich history and spellbinding nature. With origins beginning long before the arrival of other tribes in Europe, the country has a deep-rooted history, culture and traditions that are very unique... See more For several decades now, under UNESCO aegis, attempts have been made to preserve the planet's most valuable cultural and natural heritage. We are proud of the Bulgarian contribution to the world's heritage and would like more people to get to know it. See more The remarkable archaeological monuments from different periods of history are an eloquent proof of the rich economic and cultural life in the Bulgarian lands throughout the ages. The unearthed more than 70 Thracian golden treasures conquered the modern world. See more The establishment of Christianity as the state religion in 864 AD contributed to the development of the Bulgarian nationality and created conditions for the flourishing of Bulgarian literature and culture. The beauty of the 160 Bulgarian monasteries ensembles... See more The first steps are made under the cultural influence of Thracians, Proto-Bulgarians and Slavs (9th century). The national architecture quickly started shaping its own face. By the end of 10th century it has already freed itself from foreign influence and created its own... See more Viticulture and wine producing in the lands of present-day Bulgaria are an age-old tradition. Excavations from ancient settlements show grape seeds and berries dating back to 6,000 BC! In Thracian times our geographical region was famous as a place where vines were planted and wine... See more Gourmets all over the world have been attracted for ages by the temptations of Bulgarian cuisine. There are plenty of countries in the world boasting a varied and delicious cuisine, along with long-standing culinary traditions. The methods of preparation used in Bulgarian... See more We offer custom designed multi-country guided cultural tours across the Balkans, ensuring premium value, exclusive encounters and genuine personal attention. A land of millennia-old history and culture, the Balkans will charm you with their hospitality and diversity of colors, cultures, food, wine and landscape. See more Get to know Bulgaria The world is full of interesting and beautiful places, but some of them are rather off the beaten track. To many people Bulgaria is still a land to be discovered, and when they do discover it, they may well reproach themselves for not having done so before. Read more Testimonials What others say about us? Hi Alexandra, Thank you for planning all the details for the food, hotels & museums. You are truelly extremely efficient & caring.....I really appreciate it. I really like Bulgaria with the interesting architechure, Monastries & the picturesque countryside from Rila to Bansko. It looked like a mini New Zealand. We shall continue to keep in touch...Thank you very much again for your kind generosity & detailed gestures (...) Jean Goh tourist group, SINGAPORE Just a note to say many thanks to Alexandra and her professional team. We were a little worried how a private tour in such exotic countries as Romania and Bulgaria would work out. Well... we needn't have worried. Our guides and driver were friendly, knowledgeable and very professional. This was a wonderful two weeks and we continue to sing the praises of Altours (and Alexandra) to anyone and everyone here in Australia (...) Bill & Glenys Blair AUSTRALIA Dear Alexandra, I can say that your services have been more than perfect for our clients and you added a special touch into everything. Bulgaria has been a surprise for our clients and I hope to have the opportunity to organize new tours in your country in the near future (...) Federico Fuer ITALY 'Altours' was the perfect place to begin my education on the history, culture and sites to see in Bulgaria. Your web site is so easy to use and it allowed me to take a look at the Bulgarian Monasteries, the UNESCO sites, the Treasures – all with colored photos (...) Andi & Jack Bidwell USA We all thought the organisation, the venues chosen & the choice of wines was excellent. Many people commented that Georges 'made' the trip for them. Please pass on to him how much everyone appreciated his untiring efforts to see everyone had a good holiday as well as learning a lot about Bulgarian wines & culture (...) Don Plimmer private group leader, UK Hi Alexandra, It was a great tour! Everything has been perfect - the hotel accommodation, all the meals and site visits. Once again, thanks so much for your excellent arrangements here in Bulgaria - the group is really enjoying themselves, especially with George as our guide.(...) Liz Gibson Tour leader, AUSTRALIA Hello from Calgary in Canada! THANK YOU FOR YOUR EXCELLENT TOUR. We have told many people about the wonderful trip! Alexandra, thank you for making our tour so special - excellent guide and driver, perfect hotel choice and itinerary (...) Katie & Robert Mutlow Tour Leaders, CANADA Images from Bulgaria View All Photos About Altours BG Altours BG is a leading Bulgarian tour operator in the field of cultural, historical and specialty interest tours, specialized in designing exclusive personalized itineraries. Read more Video – Sofia The History of Europe Travel Tips Three Reasons to Travel in 2019 03/09/2015 10 Ways to Avoid Travel Disappointment 03/09/2015 20 Things NOT to Miss in Bulgaria 03/09/2015 © 2002-2019 Altours BG . All Rights Reserved. error: Content is protected !! 