5 star Hotels Rhodes - Lindos Luxury Hotels | Atrium Palace +30 22440 31601 info@atrium.gr EN FR DE IT GR RU PL BOOK HOTEL BOOK hotel & flight Home Rooms Dining & Bars Thalasso Spa Activities Pools & Beach Events Destination Special offers Gallery HOME ROOMS Overview Rooms Double Room Garden View Double Room Side Sea View Double Room Sea View Double Room Garden View With Personal Pool Junior Suite Side Sea View Family Suite Side Sea View Superior Suite Sea View Villas Deluxe Villa With Personal Pool Executive Villa with Personal Pool Superior Villa with Personal Pool Presidential Villa With Personal Pool DINING Overview Restaurants Symposium Main Restaurant Poseidon Pool À La Carte Restaurant Asterias À La Carte Restaurant Vista Mare Italian Restaurant Bars Il Cavaliere Main Bar Amphibion Pool Bar Nautilus Pool Bar Beach Bar Thalasso Spa ACTIVITIES Overview Animation-Entertainment Sports Pools & Beach EVENTS Weddings & Honeymoon Conferences & Events Local Events DESTINATION Hotel Location Rhodes Island SPECIAL OFFERS GALLERY CONTACT US FACILITIES & SERVICES FAQ HOTEL POLICIES Terms of Use PRIVACY POLICY Cookies Policy SITEMAP Rooms Double Room Garden View Double Room Side Sea View Double Room Sea View Double Room Garden View With Personal Pool Junior Suite Side Sea View Family Suite Side Sea View Superior Suite Sea View Villas Deluxe Villa With Personal Pool Executive Villa with Personal Pool Superior Villa with Personal Pool Presidential Villa With Personal Pool Restaurants Symposium Main Restaurant Asterias À La Carte Restaurant Poseidon Pool À La Carte Restaurant Vista Mare Italian Restaurant Bars Il Cavaliere Main Bar Amphibion Pool Bar Nautilus Pool Bar Beach Bar Animation-Entertainment Sports Weddings & Honeymoon Conferences & Events Local Events Hotel Location Rhodes Island Main Pool of Atrium Palace Thalasso Spa Resort & Villas Atrium Palace Rhodes Welcome to the Atrium Palace Atrium Palace Pool View Atrium Palace Rhodes A breath away from the sea Atrium Palace Rhodes Dive into Relaxation Atrium Palace Thalasso Spa Reception Atrium Palace Rhodes Our Thalasso Spa is open for your pampering Asterias À La Carte Restaurant Atrium Palace Thalasso Spa Resort & Villas Atrium Palace Rhodes A unique culinary experience Atrium Palace Thalasso Spa Resort and Villas Beach Atrium Palace Rhodes Our beach is awarded with the Blue Flag eco label Atrium Palace Villa with Private Pool Atrium Palace Rhodes An all time classic Astonishing 5 star Hotels in Rhodes island Visitors who wish to be accommodated in a high-class 5 star hotel in Rhodes with premium services and exclusive amenities are welcomed in the quality awarded Atrium Palace Thalasso Spa Resort & Villas in Kalathos Bay, Lindos. Situated in the tranquil bay of Kalathos Village, close to the picturesque village of Lindos, Rhodes, this architecturally innovative 5 star luxury beach hotel combines luxury with a delightful blend of classical Greek and Italian styles. The architecture of the hotel resort has been inspired by the historical trends witnessing the passing of centuries and civilizations. Beachfront Luxury Resorts in Rhodes, Greece Privileged guests visiting this enchanting hotel in Kalathos Bay, Lindos are welcome to step into a dream oasis of relaxation with stunning accommodation options, a revitalizing AnaGenesis Thalasso Spa and a remarkable array delightful restaurants. Unwind in the abyss of the spa, bask in the sun on the luminous beach and savour culinary delights at the hotel’s three luxurious restaurants, Asterias (beachfront à la carte), Poseidon (poolside à la carte) and Symposium (main breakfast & dinner), serving the finest of International and Greek cuisine. Indulge in superb dishes of fresh seafood and delicious choices of the Mediterranean cuisine. The Il Cavaliere Piano Bar, two pool bars and the beach bar welcome you to further unwind and relax with colourful and refreshing beverages while enjoying the magnificent sea view. Luxury 5 star Hotels in Lindos, Rhodes, Greece The linked buildings of this luxury hotel resort offer stunning views to Kalathos Bay. Sparkling blue pools and cascading waterfalls create a truly exotic and tropical paradise. The exquisite palm gardens envelop guests with their wonderful colours and fragrances carried by the caress of the sea breeze. Atrium Palace offers an eclectic range of seafront luxury Lindos accommodation for a truly wonderful stay in Rhodes. You are welcome to unwind in charmingly appointed double rooms, junior suites and sea view villas and relax in an atmosphere of premium comfort. Each, elegantly decorated and spacious guest room is graciously set amongst a haven of inner courtyards and bridges. From every vantage point, the views of the Mediterranean Sea are simply breath-taking. Rejuvenating Luxury Resorts in Rhodes The Atrium Palace has been designed to offer you utmost relaxation and wellness at all times. Featuring a state of the art AnaGenesis Thalasso Spa Centre, over a space of 2000 sq.m. in Kalathos Bay near Lindos, the Atrium Palace invites you on a journey of rejuvenation. An expert team of wellness professionals offers innovative treatments with pure marine resources and products that ensure the complete harmony of mind, body and soul. Get ready to free your senses at the ultimate spa resort in Rhodes . Lindos Luxury Hotels for all Occasions Escape into the idyllic world of the Atrium Palace, one of the most elegant luxury resorts in Rhodes, Greece with its stunning rooms, villas, premium services and AnaGenesis Thalasso Spa set only a step away from the waters of the Mediterranean Sea. Regarded as one of the best hotels in Lindos for relaxing and memorable holidays, the Atrium Palace offers the ultimate destination for luxury, romance, affluent accommodation, Thalasso Spa wellness, Thematic Restaurants, privacy, tailor made VIP services and personal attention. Rhodes Island is your next cosmopolitan destination and the Atrium Palace your selection amongst some of the finest 5 star hotels in Rhodes island . Whether planning a relaxing escape, a family vacation, a romantic honeymoon, an event, celebration or luxury weddings in Rhodes get ready for a once in a lifetime experience at one of the top Lindos luxury hotels . READ MORE LESS A stylish sanctuary dedicated to complete relaxation WELLNESS & SPA Video Tour Download our Brochure Accommodation view more Rhodes Beach Explore the island LOCATION Asterias À La Carte Restaurant Atrium Palace Thalasso Spa Resort & Villas Dining & Bars EXPLORE GASTRONOMY Contact Us Facilities & Services FAQ Hotel Policies Terms of Use Privacy Policy Cookies Policy Sitemap SUBSCRIBE Follow us ?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"? ?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"? ?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"? Download app Visit also Atrium Hotels Rhodes Atrium Prestige Atrium Platinum © 2016-2019 ALL RIGHTS RESERVED . ATRIUM PALACE. WEB DESIGN & SEO BY Atrium Palace asks you to accept cookies for performance purposes, social networking and advertising. Social networking and advertising cookies are provided by third parties for social networking functions and personalized ads. For more information or changing your preferences, check Privacy Policy , Cookies Policy and Terms of Use at the bottom of the website. OK 