Hotels Llangollen - Abbey Grange Hotel - Snowdonia National Park/Llangollen Accommodation//Snowdonia National Park North Wales/Llangollen Hotels/Horseshoe Pass Open Menu Home Our Rooms Book Online Special Offers The Local Area Our Gallery Our Restaurant More Reviews Location Get In Touch Home Our Rooms Book Online Special Offers The Local Area Our Gallery Our Restaurant More Reviews Location Get In Touch Welcome To Abbey Grange Hotel CHECK AVAILABILITY Fully Licensed Residential Hotel A fully licensed residential Hotel in the heart of some of the most beautiful countryside Welcome to the Abbey Grange Hotel website A fully licensed residential Hotel in the heart of some of the most beautiful and unspoiled countryside in the British Isles. The hotel is one and a half miles from the charming country town of Llangollen and is within easy access of all the major roads serving the North West, the Midlands and the rest of the U.K. Its location is ideal for enjoying the varied local amenities and also as a base for exploring the rest of North Wales, including the Snowdonia National Park and coastal resorts. About Us Set in eight acres of unspoilt countryside near the foot of the spectacular Horseshoe Pass, and enjoying magnificent views of open fields and mountains to all sides, Abbey Grange offers an idyllic setting for a relaxed holiday. Traditionally built from local slatestone and originally the private residence of the local slate quarry owner, the hotel in Llangollen now combines the character of an old country house with the comfort of modern amenities. The name of the Hotel derives from the nearby 13th century Valle Crucis Abbey. Outside, there is a Sun Patio, a large Garden / Lawn area and a children’s play area which includes swings. There is also a large private car parking area. Inside, you can relax with friends in the cosy Abbey bar or you can enjoy a glass of beer brewed on our premises – we maintain a selection of at least four premium quality cask conditioned beers. There is also a large screen TV in the Oak Bar for watching Special Events. Bar Meals are available throughout the day and in the evening you can Wine and Dine in the Eliseg restaurant, which can cater for as many as seventy persons at a function. There are eight spacious and well appointed bedrooms, all on the first floor. All have private bathrooms, TV and Tea/Coffee facilities and central heating. Six of the rooms are ideally suited for families. Some of the bedrooms are fitted with four-poster beds. Please Note From 10th Jan / 9th Feb meals will only be served on Saturday &Sunday 12pm / 6pm. Rooms Four Poster en Suite Room Check Details Family En-suite Room Check Details Family En-suite Room Check Details Single En-suite Room Check Details Double En-suite Room Check Details Latest Reviews Good value for money. Clean good facilities would stop again. Sophie C Great stay Excellent value, good amenities and views richard l , Single Male Dog Friendly W/E Break We booked in on Friday afternoon &booked out on Monday morning,we had our Miniature Dachshund with us who was made very welcome by everyone.Food was good,friendly &helpful staff plenty of parking &CCTV operational &large lawned are for our Miniature Dachshund to exercise on.R Elwyn W Great place to stay Great place to stay, room good size, bed comfy, great views across open countryside. We stayed bed and breakfast for 2 nights.The breakfast was excellent,the cooked breakfast was lovely and cooked to order.Staff friendly, would definitely recomend to friends and family. James G Short break The holtel was clean and alovely room the staff was friendlyand we enjoyed are stayand hope to return again Heather E , Mature Couple Abby Grange hotel We found our stay at the Abby Grange a very pleasant one . Evening meal and breakfast was beautiful just like proper home cooked food . Our room was a little dated but clean . Staff were friendly and pleasant we would definitely stay there again Anita C , Mature Couple Abbey Grange Horseshoe pass earlier room take over that 1600 be good,old building expect some issues. Amazing brewingon site, views and open land. had F&C delicious,all together a excellent stay, willgo there again. g s , Mature Couple Nick and jules Lovely place to stay , comfortable bed and food was really good , home made ,thanks will definitely return julie h , Mature Couple Abbey Grange Just as described.A nice relaxed place to stay to get away from the hustle of the season and work. Nice comfy bed and good breakfast.We really enjoyed our stay and would defiantly return. Ian B Great stay Abbey Grange is perfect for either short or multiple night breaks. Hotel is located just over a mile from Llangollen and easy access to the beautiful Horshoe Pass.Rooms very clean, good selection of drinks at the bar with its own micro brewery.Friendly staff and great price Martin J , Mature Couple Gallery View All Facilities Contact Us 01978 860753 stevenevans0000@gmail.com Abbey Grange Hotel Horseshoe Pass Road Llangollen Denbighshire LL20 8DD Review Summary 4.5 Very Good 55 reviews 5 49% 4 51% 3 0% 2 0% 1 0% Home | Booking | Contact | Privacy Policy Copyright 2019 All Right Reserved Abbey Grange Hotel 