Brenham Texas Hotel | Ant Street Inn LANGUAGE: English French Spanish Dutch Russian German Japanese Chinese Arabic Ant Street Inn Toggle navigation LANGUAGE: English French Spanish Dutch Russian German Japanese Chinese Arabic Contact Reservations (979) 836-7393 Book Now Home About the Inn + Welcome to the Ant Street Inn! Tour the Inn Meet the Innkeepers Our Staff Ant Street Inn Guest Comforts Property Amenities Our Policies Our Policies Explained Rooms + Classic Rooms Deluxe Accommodations Premier Rooms Weddings at ASI + Your Wedding at Ant Street Inn Event Staff The Ballroom The Garden Arbor Wedding Packages Wedding Package Extras Property Tours Breakfast at the Inn + Breakfast at Ant Street Inn The Brenham Grill Groups & Meetings Main Street House More Information + Photo Gallery Gift Shop Blog Contact Us P:  (979) 836-7393 Book Now Ant Street Inn Brenham, TX BOOK NOW Ant Street Inn Brenham, TX Book Now Ant Street Inn Brenham, TX Book Now Ant Street Inn Brenham, TX Book Now Welcome to the Ant Street Inn A boutique hotel like no other, offering our guests a unique experience whether planning a romantic weekend, a casual getaway, a corporate meeting or special event. Conveniently located between Austin and Houston in historic downtown Brenham, Texas, the Ant Street Inn has 15 stunning guest rooms plus event facilities that can just as comfortably host wedding receptions and parties as they can corporate meetings, retreats and events. Take a look around our web site, and don’t hesitate to contact us if you have any questions or need additional information. Whether it's business or pleasure bringing you to Brenham, the Ant Street Inn will provide you comfortable sanctuary from the busy-ness of the day! "The charm of a bed and breakfast; the amenities of a boutique hotel." The Ant Street Inn is a small boutique hotel conveniently located between Austin and Houston in historic downtown Brenham, Texas. A Texas registered historic landmark, the Ant Street Inn's 15 unique guest rooms are furnished with exquisite antiques, oriental rugs and stained glass. With a 4,000 square foot ballroom, and a veranda and gardens in the back that extend the entire length of the building, the Ant Street Inn is the perfect location for weddings, receptions, parties, and corporate meetings and events. Book Now Come Stay with Us In the Middle of Everything! Subscribe Subscribe to our newsletter and be the first to learn about events and happenings at Ant Street Inn and in downtown Brenham! Sign Up By clicking "Sign Up" I agree to the Terms of Service . Guest Reviews We strive to provide an exceptional level of service for every guest, and are proud to have a 5-star rating on TripAdvisor! Read Reviews CONNECT WITH US 107 W. Commerce St. , Brenham , TX   77833 , United States   P: (979) 836-7393   E:  stay@antstreetinn.com ©2019 Ant Street Inn Photo Gallery Gift Shop Blog Contact Us Simple Software for Innkeepers by Odysys [if (gte IE 6)&(lte IE 8)]> <script type="text/javascript" src="/public/js/selectivizr-min.js"></script> <![endif] 