Northern Ireland Accommodation | Portrush | Aaranmore Lodge B&B body start html embeds start body start html embeds end TEL: (0)7426820466 Aaranmore Lodge B&B HOME ABOUT THE ROOMS GALLERY THE AREA CONTACT More BOOK NOW > Portrush Harbour Portrush Harbour The Elephant Rock The Elephant Rock Ballintoy White Park Bay Portrush West Strand Portrush West Strand 1/6 WELCOME TO PORTMAGIC Always book  direct  with Aaranmore for the best prices. It  will  cost you more if you book on the major online travel websites WELCOME TO PORTRUSH Welcome to Aaranmore Lodge B&B Aaranmore Lodge is located in the seaside town of Portrush.  It is in a prime location for visiting Northern Ireland’s North Coast, with quick and easy access to all major tourist attractions and within walking distance to the town, bars, restaurants and beaches.  Aaranmore offers comfortable accommodation and a hearty breakfast, offering well appointed spacious ensuite bedrooms with either super-king double or twin beds.  Royal Portrush Golf Club is only minutes away and several other excellent golf courses nearby.  Belfast is approximately 60 minutes drive away and City of Derry/Londonderry 45 minutes.  It makes an ideal choice as a base for tourists, golfers or the business traveller.  Parking and wi-fi are provided free of charge. TESTIMONIALS " This is my second time staying at Arranmore. What a wonderful place to stay. Rooms and breakfast are both superb. So convenient to all the local amenities that Portrush has to offer. I have stayed in lots of different hotels and b&b and this is by far the best in terms of value cleanliness and location. Can’t wait to go back. " Nicky P   " Stayed here for a night away in Portrush and it was lovely , 5*, Karen was very welcoming and made us feel at home, the room was very clean, spacious and very comfortable, breakfast was great, we will definitely be back to stay at Aaranmore :) " Kerry C SECURE PAYMENT: TEL: +44(0)7426820466 E-MAIL: aaranmorelodge@gmail.com © 2018 by  AARANMORE LODGE Proudly created with Wix.com ​ Terms & Conditions No Footer body end html embeds start body end html embeds end 