Anchor Accommodations-Experience a new way of living. Anchor Accommodations Navigation Home Blog Explore Fishing Amenities Rooms Pricing Privacy Policy Contact Home Blog Explore Fishing Amenities Rooms Pricing Privacy Policy Contact START REVOLUTION SLIDER 5.4.6.3.1 fullscreen mode SLIDE MAIN IMAGE LAYERS LAYER NR. 1 LAYER NR. 2 Anchor Accommodations LAYER NR. 3 Experience a new way of living. SLIDE MAIN IMAGE LAYERS LAYER NR. 4 LAYER NR. 5 Anchor Accommodations LAYER NR. 6 Experience a new way of living. END REVOLUTION SLIDER Take a Moment to Explore our rooms. Standard Suite From $149 a Night Exclusive Suite From $289 a Night Check For Availability 0 Years 0 + Happy Guests 0 Partners 0 % Satisfaction Summer Special Receive 15% off by booking today! Reviews Connector. William B. The most inviting place that I would never tire of! Whenever I visit here, I make sure I stop by Anchor Inn. Great amenities and best services! Connector. Samantha C. I love Anchor Inn! I’ve ever been to a place so warm. The staff is super friendly, and the ambience is just perfect! Refresh & Renew At our holistic spa. Relaxing Full body massage. Relax those tired muscles and get carried away into another world! Calming Essential oils. Choose oils that you love, that soothe your mind and indulge in our Aromatherapy! Healing Herbal teas. Herbal, organic ingredients make the perfect tea –pick your favourite flavour. Thereputic Hot stones. Melt away muscle tension and ease away all the stiffness in your body. A Simple Starter Topaz Spa Package $40 A Half Day Excursion Opal Spa Package $80 An All-Inclusive Experience Ruby Spa Package $160 Explore & Savor Our favorite regional flavors. Toss your diet into the bin, and binge into our delicacies! Seats fill up fast—reserve yours today! Freshwater Coho Salmon. Rustic Sea Platters Take a Moment to Explore nearby restaurants. Hampton & Croft Steakhouse and Cocktails Ed's Diner Comfort Food at its Finest Gather Coffee, Baked Goods, & More Our Blog Things To Check Your Hotel Room For The Moment You Walk Inside October 12, 2018 November 10, 2018 .entry-header When we are on tour we are bound to be tired at the end of the day, and we really do not care about the condition of the hotel room, and we just drop ourselves to the bed and wake ourselves to a terrible mess. Only then do we realize that we should have gone through all of the things or at least had someone check the place for us in order for it to be perfect, Just in case you do not have anyone to help you here are seven simple steps to do before you fall asleep.   Check for any bugs and cleanliness of the place. Make sure you lift your bed and your blank and through them and as the surface is always white you will be able to find if there are any bed bugs and if you do feel they would not have gone through they look clean then spray it with some insecticide which the chaffers will give as soon as you ask, and spray it on the cot and underneath the mattress. If your mattress is not white in color, set it against the light and check it and then spray it with insecticide, Cleanliness of the room. Check the cleanliness of the room, feel underneath the cot with rubber gloves and on top of the cupboard in order to check for any dust or dirt this should do be more than sufficient. Clean comforters and well-stocked minibar: Before you fall on the bed to sleep check the comforter for discolored patches or blotches left by the previous occupant who might be contagious and if you might see its outcome in the morning and it might be too late for you to realize it then, thus check the comforters before you go to bed. And also check if your minibar is well stocked just in case you might be thirsty and might need a drink in the night. Check the temperature of the room. Make sure that you check the temperature of the room before you go to bed, then you wouldn’t have to get up in the middle of the night and all sweaty or feeling very cold and then having your sleep disturbed you might find it difficult to go back to sleep. Check for the cleanliness of the bathroom Make sure that you check this place very well else you would have to walk into a dirty bathroom  in the morning and destroy your mood for the rest of the day, and also make sure they have kept new toiletries, you can check it by placing it against the light and checking it for the quantity of the bottle and also how clean the brushes are. Check the emergency exit. Make sure that all the gotos’ in case the case of emergency is working properly and there is no glitch found thus you will follow the right procedures even when aroused from the middle of your sleep. .entry-content wp-show-posts-inner Top 10 Places to Visit in Prince Rupert September 28, 2018 November 10, 2018 .entry-header Prince Rupert is a shining gem on the coast of British Columbia, Canada. Aside from the beautiful coastal view across the entire city, there are a number of other things to do there that you may enjoy! 10 – Sightseeing Tours With the many cruise ships that roll by and the flowing green hills that overlook the port, there are a number of sightseeing tours that are beautiful! 9 – Nature & Wildlife Tours From fully grown grizzlies to tail-whipping whales, there are a large number of wildlife tours available in Prince Rupert, guaranteed to show you the best that nature has to offer! 8 – Port Interpretive Centre Like a welcome center, the Port Interpretive Centre offers historical facts about the city and hundreds of brochures on things to do. Whether it’s your first stop or not, go here early on your trip to get a glance at everything Prince Rupert has to offer. 7 – Boat Tours There’s no better place to see the city from afar or check out the nature-carved rocks along the Oceanside, than from a boat. Beautiful views are guaranteed and there is no shortage in crafts available to use. 6 – Sunken Gardens Park One of the most beautiful and lush gardens you’ll ever see. This free park is put together inside a crater of the earth and is virtually self-sustaining, due its natural geographic location. 5 – Dolphin & Whale Watching The sometimes frigid waters of Prince Rupert, just south of the Alaskan panhandle, are nothing short of magnificent when it comes to the natural beauty of the sea. Dolphins swim beside your boat and in the distance, you can watch whales blowing water sky-high. 4 – Museum of Northern British Columbia See and touch a part of history in this surprisingly well-curated masterpiece. Ancient native artifacts are mixed in with more modern history from this beautiful northern land. Fromm small hand tools to a genuine teepee re-creation, this is a great stop for kids and history lovers alike.   3 – Butze Rapids Park Calm waters are lined with rocky shores and ancient pines. The Butze Rapids come to a standstill within the park and views of the entire place are visible from the many trails. A beautiful place for a walk or a hike while visiting. 2 – North Pacific Cannery Museum You will feel like you’ve travelled back in time entering the cannery and its accompanying store. The history of this beautiful building combine with its guided tour to give you the feel of being on the line. When you’re finished learning all there is to learn, you can have a delicious lunch in the quaint restaurant attached. 1 – Khutzeymateen Grizzly Bear Sanctuary Whether you take one of the comfortable and modern boats, or a sea plane into the sanctuary, you must see this place during your visit. Get a renewed outlook on life as you watch these majestic, giant beasts roam free and go about their daily routines. You’ll see the grizzlies play, wash, and maybe even hunt. .entry-content wp-show-posts-inner .wp-show-posts Discover Grand, new adventures. Prince Rupert, the City of Rainbows, the Halibut Capital, the Friendliest City… Whatever tag name you choose, it’s a great place to live and a wonderful vacation destination. Home Blog Explore Amenities Privacy Policy Contact Copyright © 2018 Anchor Accommodations. All rights reserved. END .x-site END .x-root 