Guest House Windermere - Autumn Leaves | LA23 2AB Autumn Leaves Award Winning Bed and Breakfast 01539 448410 info@autumnleavesguesthouse.co.uk Home Our Rooms Book Online Around Us Our Gallery Reviews Special Offers Location More Get In Touch Terms Credit Card Parking Facilities Golf Course Nearby Wifi Rob, Sara and Jack welcome you to their home, Autumn Leaves Guest House Windermere. This award winning bed and breakfast is a traditional stone built Victorian terrace house situated in a quiet but central road in Windermere, overlooking Ellerthwaite Park. We are ideally located for touring and walking the beautiful Lake District. Autumn Leaves B&B, offers a warm a friendly welcome with a high standard of hospitality in the heart of the Lake District. Our Bed and Breakfast is situated a few minutes walk from the centre of the village and only a ten minute walk from the train station and public transport. Free parking is available (but not guarenteed) on the street right outside, we are also situated by a public car park, which is free between the hours of 6pm and 8am. Rob and Sara are happy to advise of local places to eat, along with suggestions of local attractions to visit. Our guests here at Autumn Leaves are welcome to indulge themselves by utilising the discounted guest passes for the local Choices Health Club. This allows access to the gym, pool, sauna, steam room and jacuzzi plus a wealth of beauty treatments. Selection of Our Rooms See Room Double En-suite Room Double bedded room with En-Suite Shower Room, Flat Screen TV, Central Heating, Fresh Linen, Tea and Coffee Making Facilities Wi-Fi Tea and Coffee Maker Toiletries En-Suite Shower Hair Dryer Television See Room Twin En-suite Room Twin bedded room located on the 2nd Floor with velux windows,en-suite shower room, central heating, fresh linen and tea and coffee making facilities. Wi-Fi Tea and Coffee Maker Toiletries En-Suite Shower Hair Dryer Television See Room Single Room Single Bedded Room, Fresh Linen, Tea and Coffee Making Facilities. Private Shower Room located down the landing. Wi-Fi Blackout Curtains Tea and Coffee Maker Toiletries Hair Dryer Private Bathroom Reviews Hear what people say! Click above to read our latest reviews. Contact Us Get in touch with us now with our contact form! Arrival / Departure Check in:2:00pm - 6:00pm Check out:10:00am. Latest Reviews It is good to stay there, great location, nice hospitality of Rob, especially he did the breakfast for the customers.See u again !Alison - Syh chin C From the moment we arrived, we were welcomed into a friendly atmosphere, the owners were lovely and helpful. Breakfasts were lovely and tailored to each guest, definitely visit again. - Chantal P Rob-sanand Sara-san, thank you very much.I enjoyed the stay at Autumn Leaves very much. I enjoyed this time as much as I did 6 years ago. Very quiet atmosphere, not very far from the station. I hope to visit again soon, if possible. - Nobukazu T Our Address Autumn Leaves 29 Broad Street Windermere LA23 2AB 01539 448410 info@autumnleavesguesthouse.co.uk © Copyright 2019 - Hotel Website Powered by Queensborough Group Home Our Rooms Book Online Around Us Our Gallery Reviews Special Offers Location Get In Touch Terms Privacy Policy 