New Orleans Bed and Breakfast: 1896 O'Malley House (866) 226 - 1896 (504) 488 - 5896 RESERVATIONS Menu Main menu Skip to primary content Skip to secondary content Welcome Rooms and Rates View All Guest Rooms Room 1 – Waterford Suite Room 2 – O’Malley Suite Room 3 – Consulate’s Suite Room 4 – McNeil Suite Room 5 – Cooney Suite Room 6 – Broyard Suite Room 7 – Colonel Parker Suite Room 8 – Tessitore Suite Check Availability / Rates About Us About the Inn Breakfast 360° Inn Tour Spa Courtyard Find Us Map Driving Directions Contact Information Photo Gallery Blog Welcome Facebook 0 Pinterest 0 Twitter Welcome to Our Bed and Breakfast in New Orleans, Louisiana! 1896 O’Malley House is a lovely bed & breakfast in the famous historic city of New Orleans. Our outstanding hospitality and comfortable rooms will make your stay better than you could have imagined. We love our guests and will make sure you are armed with the best information before you hit the streets for your Crescent City fun! We are located in the midst of the city, which makes a great central location from which to see the city’s main attractions. The house is a beautiful Colonial Revival residence that’s centered in the heart of an amazing Mid-City neighborhood that boasts mouth-watering food and our distinctive culture. Our lodging near the French Quarter is sure to accommodate your needs. Many of city’s most famous attractions are just 15-20 minutes by streetcar. New Orleans is all about atmosphere, whether that means enjoying the parades of Mardi Gras, football season at the Superdome, or the all-night music of Jazzfest. There is no other place around that can show you fun and excitement like our city.  Enjoy a lovely stroll amongst beautiful canals, grab a famous hurricane from one of our incredible nightlife locations, enjoy lively street performers, then come and rest in comfort at 1896 O’Malley House. The famous French Quarter, City Park, Fair Grounds, and the Garden District are a 15-20 minute ride by streetcar from the inn. We’re dedicated to serving our guests, and we will provide all of the information you need about local attractions and events. Come see why we were voted one of the top 10 Bed and Breakfasts in the United States. We offer comfortable beds in every room, and some rooms have daybeds to accommodate a third person. We are an historic inn, and as such, are not appropriate for children under six. We provide excellent rooms and suites for all of our visitors; eight different suites that feature special accommodations for guests to enjoy and relax. We pride ourselves on serving our clients; spectacular service is part of the experience. Choose your favorite room and enjoy the atmosphere, complete with all of the amenities that you require, making your stay here a treat to be remembered. Every room features a private bath and most have Jacuzzi tubs with showers and elegant granite counter tops. The suites feature free wireless DSL, and free snacks. Our full breakfast is served every morning and includes locally roasted Community Coffee, for free. Your room provides a sanctuary when the day is over. Step inside for a for a long, hot soak if you’d like in your Jacuzzi. When you’re done with your day, we have everything that you will need to enjoy the night life of the city. Come back and enjoy our festive atmosphere before stepping out to enjoy New Orleans’ famous culture and events. No other local bed and breakfast offers an experience like us. With a superb staff and an ambiance that just can’t be beat, our historic and elegant-yet-modern amenities will provide any traveler the experience they desire. Visit one of the best-rated bed and breakfasts that The Big Easy has to offer, and explore New Orleans’ vibrant history at 1896 O’Malley House. Wh at’s Hap pening in NOLA? :   It’s the Festival Season and we are ready for all the great events and holiday happenings in store!  Check our Blog for news about what is happening in New Orleans and on Facebook and Twitter for more information about New Orleans! Our rooms are equipped with an iPad loaded with the Inn Concierge app which supplies information about our lovely city as well as about the inn, for guests to use in-room. Each iPad is exclusive to the individual room, so guests may also enjoy social media applications while staying with us.   NEW - 2018 Recent Posts What's Happening in New Orleans - August 2019 : Can you believe that July 4th has already come and gone? It seems like the year is slipping away quicker than ever! Before the warm season is over and you ask yourself, "Where did it go?", take a ... English Français Deutsch Italiano Español 1896 O'Malley House 120 South Pierce Street New Orleans , LA 70119 Bed and Breakfast Lodging in New Orleans Louisiana Latitude: 29.9732407 Longitude: -90.0998555 Phone: (504) 488-5896 Tollfree: (866) 226-1896 Responsive Web Design, Marketing and Hosting by Acorn Internet Services, Inc. View Our Site Map 