Christchurch Motel Accommodation at Arcadia Motel header begin Container begin end of logo +64 3 389 4756 Home Accommodation Location Activities Reservation Contact end of menu end of banner Container End header end Welcome to Arcadia Motel, Christchurch COMFORTABLE, SPACIOUS, CLEAN, CONVENIENT AND AFFORDABLE ACCOMMODATION IN CHRISTCHURCH. Welcome to the Arcadia Motel accommodation in Christchurch , one of the most spacious and best value motels in Christchurch and 100% Kiwi owned and operated. Arcadia Motel is located just 4km, a 10-minute drive, from the Christchurch City Centre in a spacious park setting in historical Woolston, on the banks of the Heathcote River. Halfway between the city centre, Cashmere, Lyttelton and Sumner Beach, it doesn't get any more convenient. A great starting point to explore Christchurch, Canterbury and Akaroa/Banks Peninsula. A very easy walk to restaurants, takeaways, supermarket, shops, Woolston Club, cafes, bakeries, The Tannery, fast food, great shopping and peaceful and quiet. Handy and very easily accessible to all parts of Christchurch, we offer studio, 1 and 2-bedroom expansive well appointed Christchurch accommodation in a quiet and relaxed setting. All rooms are serviced daily. We are child-friendly, pet-friendly and motorcycle-friendly all at very affordable rates and all guests enjoy unlimited free fibre WiFi. All rooms have heat pumps/air conditioning for your comfort and equipped with smart tvs featuring Netflix. We can help with your onward bookings and all local sightseeing and adventure options, some at discounted rates. The Arcadia Motel has very spacious grounds with extensive secure parking facilities available. We are able to accommodate a wide range of vehicles including trucks, boats, mobile homes, trailers and caravans. We are on the "P" Christchurch Airport bus route (currently just a $4.00 ride away) with stops at the gate or we can organise shuttle transport for you. You may view our complex here . Book direct for better value by using either the reservation page, emailing us at info@arcadiamotel.co.nz or call on our Freephone number 0800 ARCADIA (0800 2722342) FREE within New Zealand or +64 3 3894756 for overseas calls. We look forward to your enquiry. <a class="enquire floatRight tertiaryBgColor" href="accommodation-christchurch.html">Read More</a> contentBody end container end body strip end Accommodation if you want to put text in here make sure there is an element that floats left first. i've done it on the p tag as an example but you can do it on anything. Activities location <div class="bottomSplit floatLeft"></div> end of contentContainer end of container Arcadia Motel 564 Ferry Rd , Woolston, Christchurch , New Zealand Phone: +64 3 389 4756 Fax: +64 3 389 7087 Email: info@arcadiamotel.co.nz Copyright © Arcadia Motel | Website designed and powered by AA Web Builders 0800 272 2342 end of container/ end of footer/ jQuery Fotorama 