Alaska Heavenly Lodge :: Home main page body Cooper Landing, Alaska 866.595.2012 info@alaskaheavenly.com navigation Brand and toggle get grouped for better mobile display Toggle navigation nav items Home Accommodations Fishing Weddings Location & Area Attractions Contact Us Button trigger modal Whether you are a seasoned angler, the bride-to-be, or a group of old friends here on business or pleasure, watch our video to see how heavenly Alaska can be! Family Gatherings, Business Retreats & More Rustic elegance can be found at Alaska Heavenly Lodge. Be our guest on the Kenai Peninsula, centrally located in Cooper Landing, and experience true Alaskan hospitality. Overlooking the Kenai River, tucked away from the noisy Sterling Highway, AHL creates a peaceful and natural setting. Our Alaskan lodge is an intimate place for single travelers, family reunions and group events. Learn more. Wedding Celebrations Are you an Alaskan bride looking for the perfect venue for an Alaska wedding? Alaska's best kept secret is tucked away on 18 private acres with manicured lawns and majestic views. AHL has Cooper Landing lodging that can sleep up to 25 of your guests and provide a ceremony and reception area for as many as 100 people. Allow us to give you and your family an Alaskan wedding that is just...Heavenly! Learn more. Fishing Expeditions Alaska's Kenai River provides optimal waters to target Rainbow Trout and Dolly Varden, as well as amazing Alaskan Salmon fishing for King, Sockeye, Pink, and Silver Salmon. Providing Cooper Landing accommodations for 2 to 25 fishermen, let AHL customize an Alaska fishing adventure for you. Whether an expert or a beginner, our staff can provide the right Kenai River fishing guide for an individual angler, or a group of fishing buddies. Learn more. Alaska Heavenly Lodge 34950 Blakley Road Cooper Landing, AK 99572 866.595.2012 TOLL FREE Just two hours from Anchorage, in the heart of the Kenai Peninsula, make Alaska Heavenly Lodge your headquarters for an unforgettable Alaska Experience. Modal × Close footer Home Accommodations Fishing Weddings Location & Area Attractions Contact Us © 2019 Alaska Heavenly Lodge. All rights reserved. Designed by GDC end footer end main page column end row end .container / #page-content-wrapper end pageWrapperClass <script src="/application/themes/alaskaheavenly/js/main.js"></script> AddThis Smart Layers BEGIN Go to http://www.addthis.com/get/smart-layers to customize AddThis Smart Layers END 