Anglesey Tipi and Yurt Holidays | Sustainable, Low Impart holidays in North Wales Anglesey Tipi and Yurt Holidays | Cae'r Gaseg, Brynteg, Anglesey, LL788JT 01248 853162 Home Yurts Facilities Rates Booking & Availability Local Area Gallery Find Us Links Contact us Anglesey Tipis & Yurts Wrapper End Home Yurts Facilities Rates Booking & Availability Local Area Gallery Find Us Links Contact us If you're interested in a sustainable, low impact holiday, or looking for a break with a difference, this May be the place for you. Book your break today See our facilities Callouts End Welcome to Anglesey Tipi and Yurt Holidays Our well established glamping site located on Isle of Anglesey, North Wales, founded in 2008 is set on a small holding, in beautiful surroundings, with 4 yurts to choose from, living willow chill out area, a giant love heart walk in the meadow, pathways through the woods, and hammocks dotted around. What we offer: We have two beautifully decorated Mongolian gers and two hand crafted Bentwood yurts. Each dwelling is set in its own secluded space, with picnic bench and BBQ area, comfortably furnished with beds and futons, colourful wall hangings, rugs and sheep skins – and illuminated by solar fairy lights in the evening. Each accommodation also have a well equipped kitchen area, with double burner gas stove and all of the cooking equipment and utensils you may need.  The interior of Yurt creates a magnificent space for groups of friends and families. It is also a wonderful way of spending your honeymoon or anniversary – we have a cosy Yurt ideal for two. There is also a communal space with fire pit, dining area under canvas and communal Tipi. Over the years we have planted 50% of our 8 acres with trees and on the land you can find many different types of wild flowers including Orchids. Coastal Location: As we are near the coast there are lots of sandy beaches to explore and also many delightful footpaths. There are several Nature Reserves and Sites of Special Scientific Interest and many ancient monuments, including standing stones, burial chambers and settlements. Snowdonia National Park is nearby. Our Local Information page will tell you more. It’s a peaceful hideaway – yet still within easy reach of a range of Anglesey’s attractions, with local shops and amenities just 5 minutes’ drive away. Body Text End Body Text Inner Wrapper End Box Text Wrapper End Wrapper End Wrapper End Main Content Wrapper End Main Outer Wrapper End Home Yurts Facilities Rates Booking & Availability Local Area Gallery Find Us Terms & Conditions Links Contact us Designed and Developed by Website Design Cheshire ngg_resource_manager_marker Wrapper End Footer End 