Specialised packages from local expert travel agents | Aitutaki.com Call Us Email Us Home Hot Deals! All Packages All Packages Budget Standard Superior Aitutaki & Atiu About Aitutaki About Aitutaki Things to do Culture and History About Us Contact Ph: +682 22026 Scroll Down Stay 6 Pay 5 from $1939 Enjoy unforgettable sunsets at this Polynesian inspired boutique resort, featuring 2 swimming pools, 2 bars and a restaurant right on the beach! *includes 1 FREE night, $100 F&B resort credit, domestic flights, airport transfers, daily breakfast and Lagoon Cruise Read More Enquire Now Aitutaki Village from $1444 Stay 5 nights at Aitutaki Village and receive a FREE Lagoon Cruise! *includes domestic flights, airport transfers and daily tropical breakfast Read More Enquire Now Budget 5 nights from $850 Located on the beach in the village of Amuri, Vaikoa Beach Units offer a lovely and affordable 5 nights stay in beautiful Aitutaki! *includes domestic flights, airport transfers and a Lagoon Cruise Read More Enquire Now Expert advice from local experts We specialize in The Cook Islands Because we are locals and this is our home! Aitutaki.com is your online portal to the beautiful island of Aitutaki. Member of the Turama Pacific Travel Group, the largest inbound tour operator in the Cook Islands since 1990, we offer local knowledge and over 29 years' experience on the ground for unique travel experiences. We are here to help you organizing the best holiday to Aitutaki! Read More Your next holiday could be just over the horizon Budget Holiday Packages Packages including 3 nights in budget accommodation, return airfares from Rarotonga to Aitutaki to Rarotonga, transfers to and from property, and a full day Lagoon Cruise. Save more when you add extra nights! Enquire Now 3 nights from $730 Standard Holiday Packages Packages including 3 nights in standard accommodation, return airfares from Rarotonga to Aitutaki to Rarotonga, transfers to and from property, and a full day Lagoon Cruise. Save more when you add extra nights! Enquire Now 3 nights from $914 Superior Holiday Packages Packages including 3 nights in superior accommodation, return airfares from Rarotonga to Aitutaki to Rarotonga, transfers to and from the property, daily tropical breakfast, and a full day Lagoon Cruise. Enquire Now 3 nights from $1469 Spectacular Aitutaki A magnificent and remote triangular-shaped atoll rising up 4000 meters from the floor of the Pacific Ocean and consisting of 3 volcanic and 12 coral islets. Aitutaki is part of the southern archipelago of the Cook Islands. At only 45-minute flight from the main island of Rarotonga, Aitutaki is not only well known for its friendly people, but it has one of the most spectacular lagoons the world has to offer. Snorkeling the Aitutaki lagoon and coral reef system is a truly wonderful experience! From $493 per person As you descend to land, you will be blown away by the view of the most amazing turquoise lagoon on planet earth. After a tour of the main island, you will board the Vaka Titi-Ai-Tonga. Here you begin your cruise across the spectacular lagoon of many shades of blue! ​ Read More A paradise you'll love to explore Things to do The Aitutaki lagoon offers many water-based activities including snorkeling and scuba diving, as the island has some of the most bio-diverse reef systems in the world. The outer canyons of the barrier reef hold several hundred species of fish, while the inner lagoon tours will take you to the giant clam reserve, small motu and some of the nicest beaches you have ever set foot on. Find out our top 10! Read More Culture and History Guided only by the wind and the stars, Eastern Polynesian navigators settled on beautiful Aitutaki many centuries before the western man arrived. From the sound of drums, to the captivating traditional island dance and the chants of Cook Islands gospel during Sunday church, Aitutaki fascinating culture is one in a life time experience! Read More Get the latest deals Unlimited offers, straight to you inbox Receive Exclusive Offers Join our mailing list to receive: The latest deals and specials Exclusive email only offers Limited availability offers as soon as they go live Display the form. Display the success message. Thank you for signing up to our newsletter! Display the error message. Unable to submit. Please try again. Get our latest deals first! Sign up for updates. Contact Us Give us a call or send us an email, we'd love to hear from you. Phone Email Receive our newsletter Display the form. Display the success message. Thank you for signing up to our newsletter! Display the error message. Unable to submit request. Please try again. Terms & Conditions  |  Client Login Web & Digital Marketing by Blue Ocean Marketing CDF: No JS dependencies were declared // 