Country Bed & Breakfast in Woodstock VT | Applebutter Inn Skip to content Applebutter Inn Elegant country bed and breakfast in Woodstock, Vermont .site-title-wrapper #menu-toggle Home Guest Rooms The Inn Directions Gift Certificates Policies Guest Book Photos Our Area Attractions Restaurants Day Trips Shopping Sports Blog #site-navigation #masthead Simple Pleasures Come enjoy our warm hospitality, elegant country décor, delicious gourmet breakfasts, and inviting guest rooms with luxurious linens and private baths. Explore beautiful, historic Woodstock, walk or bike along wooded paths, then relax in our terraced garden or fireplaced living room. Book Now Woodstock & Quechee: The Ideal Getaway Our spacious 1850s farmhouse bed and breakfast features six lovely guestrooms and is the ideal place for your Vermont getaway. We are nestled into the quiet village of Taftsville but just minutes from downtown Woodstock, miles of biking and hiking, downhill and cross-country skiing, and a multitude of artisan craftspeople. Our décor is elegant country, with wide pine floors, soft colors, fireplaces or potbelly stoves in most rooms, a fireplaced guest living room, and a side porch and large garden area for the summer months. Innkeepers Jill and Don Rose will provide you with a warm welcome, afternoon tea with homemade baked goods, a gourmet breakfast, and recommendations on everything from local restaurants to the best shopping, day trips, and places of interest. Their Cavalier King Charles Spaniel, Ginger, will greet you as a long-lost friend. Check Availability View Guest Rooms Call 802-457-4158 for reservations  Explore the Woodstock area There’s something for everyone: take a look at our recommendations for Woodstock area dining, shopping, sports, day trips, and more. Learn More What guests are saying Recent entries from our guestbook will tell you everything you need to know. Read guest comments Read our blog We dish about new breakfast recipes, restaurants you might like, craftspeople and retailers worth a visit, and much more. Explore our blog Come enjoy all that Woodstock has to offer When you stay at the Applebutter Inn, you are only minutes away from gems like Simon Pearce, Marsh Billings Rockefeller National Park, Quechee Gorge, Sugarbush Farm, Killington and Okemo ski mountains, VINS Nature Center, and King Arthur Flour. Book Now .page-content #post-## #main #primary #content Email applebuttervt@gmail.com Phone 802-457-4158 Stay informed Sign up for occasional emails on special offers and area events. Email * Follow Us Home Directions Guest Rooms Blog Gift Certificates Privacy Policy .site-footer-inner #colophon Copyright © 2017 | Applebutter Inn Bed & Breakfast Woodstock, VT .site-info-inner .site-info .site-info-wrapper #page Google Tag Manager (noscript) End Google Tag Manager (noscript) 