The AHI Residence | Serenity Comfort Luxury Economy BEGIN #background-wrapper BEGIN #wrapper BEGIN #header-gmap END #header-gmap BEGIN #topbar #topbar-wrapper BEGIN .topbar-left END .topbar-left BEGIN .topbar-right Book Now Secondary Navigation +234 802 545 6488 reservation@ahiresidence.com END .topbar-right END #topbar-right END #topbar BEGIN .content-wrapper The AHI Residence Serenity Comfort Luxury Economy .main-navigation Main Menu Accommodation rates & reservations Guest Services services & amenities Meetings & Events rates & reservations .main-navigation BEGIN .mobile-menu-wrapper Navigation mobile-menu-inner Mobile Menu Accommodation Guest Services Meetings & Events mobile-menu-inner END .mobile-menu-wrapper END .content-wrapper BEGIN #slider Elegantly appointed rooms for the most discerning guest Wake up to complimentary breakfast buffet in the restaurant Contemporary décor with stylish furnishings Access the internet with state-of-the-art technology Adults 0 1 2 3 4 5 Children 0 1 2 3 4 5 Multi-room booking? END #slider BEGIN .content-wrapper BEGIN .clearfix BEGIN .one-third Welcome to The AHI Residence The AHI Residence is for professionals who require serene and comfortable accommodation for strategic retreats, seminars, workshops, business meetings, academic or intellectual reflection and output. Read More END .one-third BEGIN .one-third Overview 18 elegantly furnished rooms Non-smoking and alcohol-free facility Complimentary internet access Satellite television Onsite restaurant and outdoor catering Photocopying, courier and postage service Conference and meeting rooms Read More END .one-third BEGIN .one-third Location Read More END .one-third END .clearfix Testimonials I do not use Facebook. However, I wish to place on record my appreciation of the services you render whenever I stay in the AHI Residence. It is a very comfortable, clean, quiet environment. Roger - Ile Ife, Nigeria Dear Officer of AHI Residence, I write to remark that I really enjoyed y two days stay in your hotel. I am particularly impressed the security, neat bedding, hot bath,good coking and friendliness of the workers. You will see me again in November during my visit to Lagos. Please keep it up. P. N. Okeke - Enugu, Nigeria Thank you very much for inquiring. I did arrive safely. We do appreciate your efforts in not only maintaining the clean and functional environment with which we have come to associate the Residence with but also your quest to even improve on them. Keep surprising us. We are loving it. Thanks again. Ibem - Accra, Ghana Was there for about a week. Really lovely place. Cozy room and friendly staff. Oluwaseun Popoola - Lagos, Nigeria The hotel looks good, customer service was quite awesome, but I was disappointed I had to use the stairs to my room. There were no elevators. Very annoying I must tell you. Anonymous - Lagos, Nigeria Thank you for your hospitality, I really had a great time as usual and my partner too confessed your service was very good. The breakfast was lovely and the hospitality and the politeness of your staffs from the gate, the house keepers and the sweet I will definitely be back again. Anonymous - Lagos, Nigeria BEGIN .content-wrapper BEGIN .content-wrapper Photo Gallery BEGIN .slider END .text-slider END .text-slider END .content-wrapper BEGIN .content-wrapper BEGIN #footer-bottom © Copyright 2014 - 2018. All Rights Reserved Footer Navigation Contact Us / Privacy Policy / END #footer-bottom END #footer END body 