Northumberland cottage. Northumbria holiday cottage. Apple Tree Cottage Home Apple Tree Cottage Apple Tree Cottage Guestbook Guided Tour Larger local accomodation Website sitemap Contact Us Availability Contact Us FAQs Make a booking Stay Connected Find Us Belford Find Us Things to do Things to do Useful Suggestions Gallery Special Offers end ul#nav end #search-form Navigation Menu end #menu end #header end .container end #top Apple Tree Cottage     Apple Tree Cottage provides accommodation for four people and is perfect for a relaxing holiday or a short break. The cottage offers visitors to Northumberland a comfortable place to stay having all the amenities you would wish for right on the doorstep and only minutes away from footpaths leading to open countryside and scenic views. It offers the ‘best of both worlds’- peace and tranquillity to those wishing to escape to the country... end .inner-content end .outer-content Read More end .bottom end .description end .slide Comfortable Environment     We pride ourselves in giving our guests a great experience and we are always looking to get even better. Upon arrival our guests can expect a clean and comfortable environment, with everything from fresh towels to milk in the fridge, to make sure your holiday can start the moment you step through the door. Why dont you take our Guided Tour to see what else the cottage has to... end .inner-content end .outer-content Read More end .bottom end .description end .slide Relax     Sometimes the best holidays are those when you just sit back and relax! Apple Tree Cottage caters for all levels of activity! Many people simply enjoy spending time in the cottage, whether its having breakfast in the garden on a Summers morning or getting cosy on a Winters evening. Its your perfect base for a relaxing... end .inner-content end .outer-content Read More end .bottom end .description end .slide Comfortable environment     We pride ourselves in giving our guests a great experience and we are always looking to get even better. Upon arrival our guests can expect a clean and comfortable environment, with everything from fresh towels to milk in the fridge, to make sure your holiday can start the moment you step through the door. Why dont you take our Guided Tour to see what else the cottage has to... end .inner-content end .outer-content Read More end .bottom end .description end .slide Relax     Sometimes the best holidays are those when you just sit back and relax! Apple Tree Cottage caters for all levels of activity! Many people simply enjoy spending time in the cottage, whether its having breakfast in the garden on a Summers morning or getting cosy on a Winters evening. Its your perfect base for a relaxing... end .inner-content end .outer-content Read More end .bottom end .description end .slide Beautiful Scenery     It doesnt get much better than this! Whatever you want from your holiday, Northumberand has it! From breathtaking coastline to vast countryside with rolling hills, Northumberland is the perfect setting for your holiday or break. For some of our personal favourites, check out some of our Useful... end .inner-content end .outer-content Read More end .bottom end .description end .slide Beautiful Scenery     It doesnt get much better than this! Whatever you want from your holiday, Northumberand has it! From breathtaking coastline to vast countryside with rolling hills, Northumberland is the perfect setting for your holiday or break. For some of our personal favourites, check out some of our Useful... end .inner-content end .outer-content Read More end .bottom end .description end .slide Relax     Sometimes the best holidays are those when you just sit back and relax! Apple Tree Cottage caters for all levels of activity! Many people simply enjoy spending time in the cottage, whether its having breakfast in the garden on a Summers morning or getting cosy on a Winters evening. Its your perfect base for a relaxing... end .inner-content end .outer-content Read More end .bottom end .description end .slide end .slides Previous 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next end #controllers end #controllers-wrapper end #featured end .flex-container There is so much to do in and around Belford it is often difficult to know where to begin! Andrew Lane July 2017 end #tagline end .container end .center-highlight end #intro end #hr-center end #hr Apple Tree Cottage Apple Tree Cottage provides accommodation for four people and is perfect for a relaxing holiday or a short break. The cottage offers visitors to Northumberland a comfortable place to stay having all the amenities you would wish for right on the doorstep and only minutes away from footpaths leading to open countryside and scenic views. It offers the ‘best of both worlds’- peace and tranquillity to those wishing to escape to the country but not wishing to be in the middle of no where! And to those wishing to go to see the attractions or take up an activity, it’s an ideal base. Look no further than Apple Tree Cottage! Social Buttons Generated by Digg Digg plugin v4.5.3.3, Author : Yong Mook Kim Website : http://www.diggdigg2u.com Learn More end .service Guestbook May 2017 “Thank-you! It was lovely to see you again and we’ve had another great stay in your lovely cottage. Weren’t we lucky with the weather! We got to see the puffins etc on the Farne Islands, Ford & Etal (with Archery lessons!) and the 3 week old foal at the Heavy Horse Farm. We mean to try the Joiners Arms at Newton-by-the-sea next time. None of us want to go home.”   April 2017 “Thank-you for your warm welcome and advice about places to visit and walks. Cottage is cosy and placed perfectly to see all the places we wanted to visit. Well equipped and garden perfect either as a morning for coffee or evening for a glass of wine! Hope to return to this beautiful part of the country.” R&J, Rotherham   April 2017 “A warm welcome!” S, B, J & J, Doncaster Social Buttons Generated by Digg Digg plugin v4.5.3.3, Author : Yong Mook Kim Website : http://www.diggdigg2u.com Learn More end .service From The Blog Guestbook Updated Posted by admin on Jul 22, 2017 Sale is finished but Summer is... Posted by admin on Jul 22, 2017 SALE NOW ON (ends 28/05/2017) Posted by admin on May 12, 2016 Guestbook Updated Posted by admin on May 12, 2016 Summer in coming…have yo... Posted by admin on May 7, 2016 Sale finished but… Posted by admin on Sep 16, 2012 September Sale Posted by admin on Aug 27, 2012 Late Availability – Sept... Posted by admin on Aug 4, 2012 Get booking for Summer now! Posted by admin on Mar 22, 2012 Special offer ends Posted by admin on Feb 25, 2012 Easter and Summer breaks still... Posted by admin on Feb 13, 2012 MERRY CHRISTMAS and HAPPY NEW ... Posted by admin on Dec 23, 2011 Christmas and New Years availa... Posted by admin on Nov 21, 2011 Visitor Guestbook updated Posted by admin on Nov 21, 2011 Were now on facebook! Posted by admin on Oct 26, 2011 Short breaks Posted by admin on Oct 13, 2011 Offer ends Posted by admin on Oct 13, 2011 All good things must come to a... Posted by admin on Oct 12, 2011 SPECIAL OFFER EXTENDED Posted by admin on Sep 18, 2011 SPECIAL OFFER Posted by admin on Aug 16, 2011 end ul.nav end .recentscroll end #blog-center end #blog-wrapper Previous Next end #controllers2 end .service Recent Works Zoom in Read more end .item-image end .item Zoom in Read more end .item-image end .item Zoom in Read more end .item-image end .item Zoom in Read more end .item-image end .item Zoom in Read more end .item-image end .item Zoom in Read more end .item-image end .item Zoom in Read more end .item-image end .item Zoom in Read more end .item-image end .item Enter The Gallery end #portfolio-items end .container Designed by Elegant Themes | Powered by Wordpress end .container end #footer-center end #footer-wrapper end #footer end .center-highlight end #content-full 