Acadia Inn | Bar Harbor, Maine Hotel | Experience Maine's Coast Home Amenities Accommodations Special Offers Vacation Experiences Family Activities Group Rates Rates & Reservations Events Location & Contact Book Now Friendly. Comfortable. Affordable.  Acadia Inn, 98 Eden St, Bar Harbor, Maine 04609       207-288-3500 Home Amenities Accommodations Special Offers Vacation Experiences Family Activities Group Rates Rates & Reservations Events Location & Contact Book Now Welcome to the Acadia Inn Experience a Perfect Maine Vacation at the Acadia Inn in Bar Harbor Step into the freshness and comfort of the Acadia Inn , your home away from home. The Acadia Inn sits on four acres of land bordering Acadia National Park and the charming coastal village of Bar Harbor. Whether you are visiting Bar Harbor for a classic Maine family vacation or seeking adventure in Acadia National Park, the Acadia Inn is the perfect fit for you. Our Bar Harbor hotel has comfortable rooms, affordable rates, modern amenities and a great location. With direct trail access to Acadia National Park; family activities, such as movies on the lawn and s’mores by the fire pit; and a relaxing atmosphere with great accommodations, the Acadia Inn will become your family’s favorite place to stay in Bar Harbor. Come stay with us for your vacation and experience the beauty of coastal Maine.  OUR ROOMS The Acadia Inn offers spacious guest rooms with all the amenities of home. Our expanded breakfast buffet and daily newspaper will be waiting for you when you wake each morning. Our hotel features 95 deluxe, air-conditioned rooms, each with one king or two queen beds and modern amenities. VIEW OUR ROOMS > VACATION EXPERIENCES Looking for the ultimate Maine getaway? Let us help you plan your stay! Escape from it all by enhancing your stay in Bar Harbor by adding our unforgettable meals and activities!   Our Maine vacation experiences   offer  extraordinary dinners, lobster bakes, full breakfast and unforgettable activities – the perfect Maine getaway!   Experience coastal Maine and eliminate the hassle of planning! VIEW DETAILS > FAMILY ACTIVITIES We offer  family activities to enhance your stay with us. Enjoy our complimentary seasonal s’mores by the firepit, movies on the lawn, a fall popcorn bar, and guest experience packages with great toys, books, and games for your children! We have just what you need to experience Bar Harbor with your family.  LEARN MORE > Book a Room Check Availability and Make a Reservation Now HOTEL VIDEO OUR LOCATION Comments are closed. Acadia Inn 98 Eden Street Bar Harbor, Maine 04609 Local: 207.288.3500 Toll-Free: 800.638.3636 Text us: 207.805.7613 reservations@acadiainn.com MAKE A RESERVATION Connect with us Sign up here to receive promotions and seasonal news about the Acadia Inn! Name Email * © 2019 Acadia Inn | Bar Harbor, Maine | Website by Radiant Design  Acadia Inn, 98 Eden St, Bar Harbor, Maine 04609       207-288-3500 X 