ANTIGUA CAPILLA - Home ANTIGUA CAPILLA Home Español Policies About Guest Rooms Mata Ortiz Santa Clara del Cobre Catrinas Oaxaca Huichol Guerrero Michoacan Huipil Rebozo Mexico Suite Contact Sightseeing Transport Spa Services Blog old blog Reviews Special Events ﻿ Antigua Capilla Boutique B&B ﻿ Antigua Capilla Boutique Bed and Breakfast in San Miguel de Allende offers you world-class hospitality, comfort and elegance. Guaranteed best rate if you reserve directly with us! Each room from $127.12USD+tax.  Scroll down for more info. Reserve your room Now Top 25 Bed and Breakfasts in Mexico 2019 Top 25 Bed and Breakfasts in Mexico 2018 Top 25 Bed and Breakfasts in Mexico 2017 Top 25 Bed and Breakfasts in Mexico 2016 Top 25 Bed and Breakfasts in Mexico 2013 Top 25 Bed and Breakfasts in Mexico 2012 Antigua Capilla Boutique Bed and Breakfast in San Miguel offers you world-class hospitality, comfort and elegance. Come enjoy the fantastic views of the Parroquia and the city center from Antigua Capilla’s outdoor living area and rooftop terrace. Our conveniently located San Miguel B&B is an easy five minute walk to the popular local Mexican artisan’s market.  A brief 10 to 15 minute downhill walk takes you to the central Jardín in the historic San Miguel town square. ﻿ ﻿ Entrance to the Old Chapel Antonieta and Francisco welcome you to their beautifully furnished San Miguel de Allende Bed & Breakfast. Each of the ten individual guest rooms is uniquely decorated with handicrafts from all over Mexico including copper from Santa Clara del Cobre in Michoacán and Mata Ortiz Pottery from Chihuahua. Antigua Capilla B&B incorporates Spanish colonial architecture with a host of modern amenities. Each individual guest room is equipped with:     •    Gas fireplace     •    In-suite private bathroom     •    Comfortable king or queen size beds     •    Flat screen cable TV     •    Wireless and wired Internet     •    Free phone calls to the US, Canada and Mexico     •    Charging alarm clock-bluetooth speaker with power outlets and USB ports     •    Hair dryer and Iron/ironing board     •    In-suite personal safe We also offer you delicious breakfasts made daily with fresh local fruits, yogurt, homemade granola, toast and a hot plate that changes daily. Attention to detail sets Antigua Capilla apart from other San Miguel de Allende B&B’s by providing you with: Cleanliness – Our highest priority is to guarantee that your room will be meticulously clean and perfectly prepared each night of your stay. Comfort – Each relaxing room features a luxurious king or queen size mattress, comfortable pillows and high thread count linens. Modern Amenities - Enjoy a variety of communication and entertainment amenities that include free internet Wi-Fi, free telephone calls to the US, Canada and Mexico and flat screen cable TVs in every room.  We also provide a shared computer room with access to a printer. Location – Antigua Capilla is a newly constructed hillside Bed and Breakfast in San Miguel offering spectacular unobstructed views of the famous Mexican colonial city. You can walk from the B&B to the heart of San Miguel de Allende within minutes and enjoy a cosmopolitan variety of restaurants, sidewalk cafes, historic sights, art galleries, shops and much more. Privacy and Flexibility – We offer our guests comfortable rooms along with all the personal attention you desire including in-suite massage services (prior arrangements must be made). Antigua Capilla is thoughtfully designed to ensure and respect your privacy and independence by allowing guests to freely come and go at their leisure, without disturbing others. *Antigua Capilla room rates are affordably priced from $127.12 USD plus all applicable taxes.  Best rates guaranteed by reserving directly with us! Guest Rooms Learn More Antigua Capilla Boutique Bed and Breakfast features Ten Uniquely Decorated Rooms Spa Services Learn More San Miguel is host to many Spas with a variety of specialties. If you’re looking for additional services we are happy to recommend a local Spa. Sightseeing Learn More San Miguel de Allende has something for everyone.  Here are some ideas for you. Powered by Create your own unique website with customizable templates. Get Started end container end footer-wrap /.wrapper Home Español Policies About Guest Rooms Mata Ortiz Santa Clara del Cobre Catrinas Oaxaca Huichol Guerrero Michoacan Huipil Rebozo Mexico Suite Contact Sightseeing Transport Spa Services Blog old blog Reviews Special Events 