Au Beau Soleil Bed & Breakfast - Mont-Tremblant - Canada Google Tag Manager (noscript) End Google Tag Manager (noscript) To provide you with the best experience, Au Beau Soleil uses its own and third-party cookies on its website for technical, analytical and marketing purposes. By continuing to browse our site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies. Please consult our Cookie Notice for more information. Au Beau Soleil Menu Book now +1 450-233-2890 Au Beau Soleil Menu +1 450-233-2890 en Deutsch English Español en Argentina français Italiano Nederlands Русский 中文 Book now Rooms Photos Location Contact Amenities Reviews Reservations Check-in Check-out Book now Au Beau Soleil Au Beau Soleil is set in Mont-Tremblant in the Quebec Laurentian Region.   Your apartment style unit has a living room with fireplace, flat screen TV, full kitchen facilities (fridge, stove, microwave, coffee maker, dishes, pots everything you need to prepare your own meals).  Breakfast is provided in our bright kitchen between 9 and 11 am.   You have a private bathroom with a therapeutic tub and, your bedroom has a queen sized bed.  For your comfort, you will find free toiletries and a hair dryer. Au Beau Soleil features free WiFi throughout the property. You will find luggage storage space at the property and free parking for one car.  Beautiful summer facilities with screened gallery, BBQ, spa, picnic table, firepit.  Some fitness equipment is also available. There is ski storage space and free use of bicycles  available. Guests can enjoy various activities in the surroundings, including skiing and golfing. Ski Mont-Tremblant is 4 km from Au Beau Soleil, while Mont-Tremblant Casino is 4.2 km from the property. The nearest airport is Mont Tremblant International Airport, 27 km from Au Beau Soleil. Location View attractions Au Beau Soleil View attractions Reservations Check-in Check-out Book now Au Beau Soleil +1 450-233-2890 1685 Chemin du Village J8E1K4 Mont-Tremblant Canada balchunask@yahoo.ca Sitemap Privacy policy Cookie notice clearfix end © 2019 Digital marketing by BookingSuite . BookingSuite is a brand of Booking.com . Have confidence in the world-class customer support that comes along with Booking.com footer-inner end footer end 