B&B Hotel in Monteverde Costa Rica | Arco Iris Lodge Arco Iris Lodge Monteverde Costa Rica Home Rooms & Rates Pictures Monteverde Birds Travel Info Links Contact   Arco Iris Lodge is a tranquil tropical retreat close to the center of the village of Santa Elena, Monteverde . Shops and restaurants are found in easy walking distance. The hotel is located halfway between the Monteverde and Santa Elena Cloud Forest Reserves and close to all other local attractions. Our knowledgeable staff will assist you in planning adventures and excursions in the area during your stay.   Hotel Reception Lodging Accommodation at our Monteverde Lodge is provided in well designed, comfortable cabins, constructed by local craftsmen using building materials from the surrounding area. Each of the twenty rooms has a private bathroom with hot water, a safe and a balcony or terrace. The cabins are set among carefully preserved forest fragments and landscaped gardens, where both ornamental and a variety of fruit trees abound, attracting many different species of birds and butterflies. See: » Rooms & Rates Breakfast We prepare a hearty and delicious buffet breakfast daily, featuring freshly prepared foods - some made from our own organic garden produce - representing a blend of European and Costa Rican cuisine. We also offer a late breakfast a la carte and hot and cold drinks throughout the day. Internet access is provided by a computer in the lobby and most of the cabins are covered by Wi-Fi. Arco Iris Lodge is committed to sustainability and the support of local enterprises and organizations. We buy local and organic and from small producers whenever possible. Garden Situated between leftovers of an old coffee plantation and among areas of old growth forest, we extended our gardens using mostly native ornamental plants, but also with species from all over the tropics, bromelias, heliconias, ferns, and lots of fruit trees. We harvest lemons and oranges, tangerines, bananas, avocados, guavas and coffee. Horses graze on the pasture above and the fragrance of orange blossoms and gardenias attracts lots of butterflies. A great variety of birds visit our gardens, eating the fruits of the banyantrees and wild avocados. Behind the kitchen we tend to a herb-and vegetable garden for fresh ingredients to use in our breakfast menu.     end center-page Arco Iris Lodge Apartado (P.O. Box) 003-5655 Santa Elena de Monteverde / Costa Rica email.  info@arcoirislodge.com tel.  (+506) 2645 50 67 fax.  (+506) 2645 50 22 © 2018 Arco Iris Lodge Monteverde, Costa Rica Deutsche Version 