Adonis Hotel & Apartments Naoussa Paros - Naoussa Paros hotels - Official Site Search ≡ Hotel Location Accommodation Facilities Photo gallery Paros Request Contact ‹ › Check in Check out Persons  2 1 2 3 4 5 6 Adonis Hotel & Apartments Naoussa Paros Enjoy your holidays in Paros! Adonis Hotel & Apartments is located just 30m from the beach and 500m from the vibrant town of Naoussa, on Paros Island, Greece. Staying at Adonis Hotel and Apartments, you have fast access topopular beaches like Kolibithres and Monastiri with its famous beach bar and water sports. In 10-15 minutes, you can reach the port of Parikia as well as the quiet, long beach of Santa-Maria and Golden Beach with its big surf and diving schools. There is also a bus stop next to the hotel. Map & location Adonis Hotel in Naoussa, Paros island Its name comes from the handsome Greek mythical hero, with whom both Aphrodite, beauty goddesses and Persephone, of the underworld, fell in love with. Zeus resolved the dispute, by having Adonis stay 6 months in the underworld and 6 months in Olympus. The beauty of the area around Adonis hotel resembles the beauty of Adonis himself! Set in a green yard, along a small hill overlooking the open sea and the town. Enjoy your holidays in this quiet hotel close to the sea in the town. Super deal. Trekking tours! Superdeal for trip package with free trekking tours! Wander around to the unknown beauty of Paros. See the environmental Park and the Byzantine footpath. You will meet the other side of Paros which you wouldn’t believe it exists! Contact Swimming pool & beautiful view Facilities & services Location Accommodation Adonis Hotel and Apartments is built in such a way that almost all rooms have view to the bay of Naoussa and the open sea beyond. In less than a minute you can jump into the cool waters of the Parian sea and it takes you just a few minutes to reach Naoussa with its picturesque, cosmopolitan... Paros Accommodation in Naoussa Paros Rooms, studios & apartments Book directly with us at best rates Notes I would like to check availability & prices from to for 2 1 2 3 4 5 6 Adults & 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 Children Amenities & comfort Rooms & studios Make a reservation Direct request Book online SHARE     PRINT Contact us Adonis Hotel & Apartments Hotel in Naoussa Paros   Naoussa Paros 84401 - Greece   Tel. +30 22840 51462 , +30 22840 51150 info@adonisparos.com Social media Accommodation Adonis Hotel and Apartments is built in such a way that almost all rooms have view to the bay of Naoussa and the open sea beyond. In less than a minute you can jump into the cool waters of the Parian... view more GDPR By using this website, you are agreeing to our policy concerning Data privacy protection . Read more Delete your data © Website by Hotelier CMS top 