Apartments Benak | private holiday accommodation | Zadar, Croatia Modern and well-equipped APARTMENTS end txt end slide Sea-view APARTMENTS end txt end slide In the most beautiful tourist part of Zadar end txt end slide A sand beach just 100 m away end txt end slide Apartments Benak are members of the quality club "Welcome" end txt end slide end _jq_index_header_slide end lang end slide Home Apartments Apartment Primavera Apartment Iva Apartment Sofija Apartment Ema Apartment Barbara Trips Zadar Info Price list Contact & location end container end main_nav Home Apartment Primavera Apartment Iva Apartment Sofija Apartment Ema Apartment Barbara Trips Zadar Info Price list Contact & location end container end main_nav_small end header APARTMENTS BENAK In the most beautiful tourist zone of Zadar, peninsula called Puntamika, you can find the apartments Benak. The family Benak, with the 30-years experience in tourism, offers the new decorated apartments, all with the sea view. There are 4 modernly decorated and equipped apartments: Ema, Primavera, Sofija and Iva which will fulfill all yours expectations. Nearby there's the hotel complex Borik, with great facilities: beach with Blue flag, various sports courts (tennis, mini golf, beach volley), water sports. Beach longitude is 1700m, it is a sandy, pebbly, acces to sea is sandy and shallow and ideal for children. Next to beach there are 3 restaurants: AMFORA, MAESTRAL, ALGA and cafe bar "YACHTING" in marina. Also, there are possibilities for renting sea and beach equipment. Apartments Benak are members of the quality club "Welcome". end logo end container end about image Apartment Primavera Type: 2+2, surface area: 65 m2 Apartment Primavera, modern and luxuary equipped, is suitable for a bigger family. It consists of: one bedroom with double bed, one bedroom with two beds, kitchen and dining-room, garden ... VIEW MORE Apartment Iva Type: 2+2, surface area: 50 m2 Bedroom with two beds, living-room with additional beds, shower+toilet, balcony with sea view, sat-tv, A/C, wi-fi, coffee maker, central heating ... VIEW MORE Apartment Iva Type: 2+2, surface area: 50 m2 Bedroom with two beds, living-room with additional beds, shower+toilet, balcony with sea view, sat-tv, A/C, wi-fi, coffee maker, central heating ... VIEW MORE image Apartment Sofija Type: 2+1, surface area: 50 m2 Apartment Sofija is the newly decorated apartment with the most beautiful sea view and view at the old part of Zadar. Suitable for 2 to 3 persons ... VIEW MORE Apartment Ema Type: 2+1, surface area: 50 m2 It consists of: bedroom with double bed, living-room with possibility of extra bed for two persons, shower+toilet, kitchen, balcony with sea view, ... VIEW MORE Apartment Ema Type: 2+1, surface area: 50 m2 It consists of: bedroom with double bed, living-room with possibility of extra bed for two persons, shower+toilet, kitchen, balcony with sea view, ... VIEW MORE image Apartment Barbara Surface area: 75 m2 The apartment Barbara is our largest apartment and has all that a large family needs, with a surface area of 75m2. The apartment consists of 2 bedrooms, a large living room with ... VIEW MORE end boxes end content Apartments Benak Slave Raškaj 16 23000 Zadar, Croatia end grid_4 tel/fax: 00385 23 335 058 gsm: 00385 91 767 76 76 end grid_4 e-mail: info@apartmani-benak.hr url: www.apartmani-benak.hr facebook: Apartmani Benak end grid_4 end container end red_bg end google map © Apartments Benak 2016 / developed by: Kalelarga.net / Privacy policy end container end info end footer Read HERE for more about cookies, their use and how to disable them. By continuing to use this website or clicking on "Accept" you consent to the use of cookies. ACCEPT end cookies-wrap end cookies POSTAVI UREDJAJ 