Adcote House Llandudno Guest House with Bed and Breakfast home / CARTREF Useful / DEFNYDDIOL Around / O GWMPAS Stay / AROS Whats On / YR HYN SYDD AR Y GWEILL Blog / BLOG Green / GWYRDD Contact / CYSYLLTU Book Now / Archebu Rŵan Cartref Cymraeg Book Now / Archebu Rŵan ADCOTE HOUSE 4 STAR GUEST HOUSE In the heart of the beautiful seaside resort of Llandudno, North Wales Stay at Adcote Book Adcote Welcome to Adcote House ‍ Adcote House 4 Star Guest House with Bed and Breakfast in Llandudno offers high quality accommodation exclusively for adults with a choice of comfortable bedrooms and stylish suites. We accommodate a small number of guests to ensure you receive the individual service you deserve. ‍ For the discerning guest Adcote House has created a period style to reflect the bygone era of the Victorian home, alongside contemporary facilities and amenities for your total comfort.  We are ideally situated in the heart of Llandudno within easy level walking of seafront, shops and amenities, so there is no need to use your car. Just leave it on our car park for the duration of your stay and enjoy the wealth of local attractions. Whether suite or bedroom, all are en-suite, with special attention paid to detail and quality. A friendly welcome awaits and a warm atmosphere prevails in a relaxed environment. Our breakfasts feature local produce and we are non-smoking thoughout. Adcote House is also an ideal base if you are attending a conference or working on business. Our suites offer separate sitting rooms which are perfect extra space. Adcote House and Llandudno are the perfect place from which to explore all that North Wales has to offer. We are well situated for walkers and cyclists, with a host of routes to enjoy. On the edge of the Snowdonia National Park, we are within easy travelling distance of historic castles and towns. A whole range of sports and activities are available locally - just ask and we can sort things for you. ‍ Alternatively, catch a world class show at Venue Cymru and make a break of your visit. During the year Llandudno has a range of events to enjoy, or look out for our special breaks when you can enjoy playing music, learning the piano or exploring the local area. ‍ Whatever you want, you'll find Adcote House the place where you can truly unwind. Whether you are coming for leisure or business, Adcote House welcomes groups, couples and individuals...all exclusively adults. Stay for a short break, a few nights, a week or more. Our freshly cooked breakfasts feature local Welsh produce, and cater for gluten-free, vegetarian and other diets.  Come and enjoy the seaside, the countryside, comfortable facilities and a friendly welcome. HOME FROM HOME OUR ACCOMMODATION Adcote House is graded 4 stars by Visit Wales, alongside our Green Tourism Silver and Green Key accreditations.  We offer a choice of bedrooms and suites, with all rooms having their own en-suite facilities, tea and coffee making facilities, TV with DVD, clock radio, hairdryer and eco-friendly toiletries. There is complimentary wi-fi access throughout the house.  We also have complimentary car parking at the front of the house.  Adcote House is non-smoking throughout and exclusively for adults. We regret we are unable to welcome pets. For more details of our individual rooms, click on the button. More Information Useful Adcote Check in is between 14.00 and 21.00, and check out is before 10.00. For more detailed information about Adcote House and our facilities, click the button. More Information Around Adcote Llandudno and the surrounding Snowdonia and North Wales area offers adventure, culture, heritage, history, landscape and activities...as well as relaxation. For more information, click the button. More Information What's On Llandudno has a year round programme of events, shows and activities, with intimate locations to quality theatre and conference venues. To see what's on, click the button More Information Green Adcote We are proud to have been accredited by Green Tourism (Silver), Green Key and Green Leaders, for our commitment to sustainability. For more information, click the button. More Information STAY AT ADCOTE Our aim is to provide all our guests with friendly personal attention throughout your stay.  Whether it's making a reservation for an evening meal or giving you the benefit of our local knowledge of places to visit and explore, you'll find we do our very best to make sure you have the very best time with us. We are pleased that we regularly achieve high scores on guest review sites, with Certificates of Excellence from TripAdvisor, Gold Award from Hotels.com and other similar awards, as well as consistently being in the top 3 choices in Llandudno on TripAdvisor. More Information OUR ETHOS Operating Adcote House sustainably with respect for the environment is at the heart of what we do. We use local producers and suppliers, and recycle as much as we can.  We are accredited by Green Tourism (Silver), Green Key and Green Leaders, for our commitment and are proud to have been shortlisted for several regional and national awards. PHOTO GALLERY ADCOTE LOCATION More Information Call us now on / Ffoniwch ni ar   01492 871 100 Copyright / Hawlfraint © 2016--2019. Adcote House All rights reserved / Cedwir pob hawl. - Privacy Policy / Polisi Preifatrwydd Design & Hosting Core Websites [if lte IE 9]><script src="//cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/placeholders/3.0.2/placeholders.min.js"></script><![endif] 