7 South | The best of Seychelles Jump to navigation English Русский /.block /.block Temperature 26 °C Wind 25.9 km/h from SSW Pressure 1010 hPa /.block /.region /.block /.region Main menu Home About Seychelles Accommodation Packages Special offers Activities Weddings & Honeymoons News Contact Welcome Welcome to the new official website of 7°South, a specialist Destinations Management Company (DMC) with the experience, know-how, and resources working with Tour Operators and clients in organizing the perfect holiday experience to the Seychelles. With over a decade in existence, experience gained in the tourism industry, and our commitment for the future hence our new website which we trust you as our partner and other users will find more user-friendly, informative and much easier to navigate through. At 7°South we care for all our clients hence we focus on service delivery and our dynamic team will strive to offer you top quality and excellent service to ensure clients have a memorable experience in the Seychelles! Mrs. Anna Butler Payette Managing Director, 7° South Ltd /.block Accommodation Type All Beachfront Boutique hotel Exclusive island resort Luxury hotel Luxury resort Self-catering Small hotel Villa Location Mahe Praslin La Digue Bird Island Cerf Island Cousine Island Denis Island Desroches Eden Island Fregate Island Felicite Island Alphonse Island North Island Round Island Sainte Anne Island Silhouette /.block /.region Latest news Season's Greetings and a Happy New Year 2019 The Time Of Cheer Is Here!! 7° South Family Wishes To Thank You For Your Business, Loyalty And Continued Support. May This Holiday Be Filled With Joyful Moments With A Prosperous And Successful New Year 2019 WORLD TRAVEL AWARDS 2015 7° South is a proud sponsor of the World Travel Awards (Africa and Indian Ocean 2015) Gala Ceremony which will be held at Kempinski Resort on Saturday 20th June 2015. Follow us on our website and facebook as we update you on the event!! You... 7° SOUTH LTD PART OF WORLD TRAVEL AWARDS 2015 We are pleased to announce that 7° South is a proud sponsor of the World Travel Awards (Africa and Indian Ocean 2015) Gala Ceremony which will be held at Kempinski Resort on Saturday 20th June 2015. World Travel Awards (WTA) was established in... + /.block /.region Copyright © 2019 - 7°South (Seychelles) /.block /.region Design by Maven Seychelles 