Arion Hotel Delphi: Fokida, Delphi, Central Greece, Greece Menu Facilities Photos Accommodation & Rates Map Contact Book direct Each time you make a reservation through this website, your reservation is made directly with Arion Hotel. As such, you are guaranteed the lowest possible rate , unlike reservations made through third party systems (whose prices include the given platform’s commission). To send a reservation enquiry directly to Arion Hotel click here! × Languages English Ελληνικά Italiano Français Deutsch Español Português Русский 中文 Languages English Ελληνικά Italiano Français Deutsch Español Português Русский 中文 Book direct Share Arion Hotel Delphi, Fokida, Greece Book direct Overview The brand new Arion Hotel is located in Delphi, at the foothills of Mt. Parnassos and is 25km (15,6 miles) from the ski resort and 15km (9,4 miles) from the sea. It is built according to the traditional architectural style of the area and has a wonderful panoramic view. It offers its guests 23 comfortable rooms, fully equipped and beautifully decorated. The rooms feature heating, A/C, mini bar, TV, telephone, bathroom, bathroom and hairdryer. The hotel also has a reception area with fireplace, bar and breakfast room. Facilities Elevator, Free Wi-Fi, TV, Bar, Fireplace Number of units (accommodations): 23 Accommodation & Indicative Rates per night* * Click on a month for that month's rates: January February March April May June July August September October November December Standard Double Room (2-3 persons) on request on request on request on request on request on request on request on request on request on request on request on request Standard Double Room with sea view (2-3 persons) on request on request on request on request on request on request on request on request on request on request on request on request Superior double room (2-4 persons) on request on request on request on request on request on request on request on request on request on request on request on request Superior double room with sea view (2-4 persons) on request on request on request on request on request on request on request on request on request on request on request on request Triple Room (3 persons) on request on request on request on request on request on request on request on request on request on request on request on request Standard Double Room (2-3 persons) - Facilities Air Conditioning, Central heating, Refrigerator, Free Wi-Fi, Flat Screen TV, Hairdryer, 1 double bed or 2 single beds (CocoMat) Make a reservation! x Standard Double Room with sea view (2-3 persons) - Facilities Sea View, Air Conditioning, Central heating, Refrigerator, Free Wi-Fi, Flat Screen TV, Hairdryer, 1 double bed or 2 single beds (CocoMat) Make a reservation! x Superior double room (2-4 persons) - Facilities Air Conditioning, Central heating, Refrigerator, Free Wi-Fi, Flat Screen TV, Hairdryer, 1 double bed or 2 single beds (CocoMat) Make a reservation! x Superior double room with sea view (2-4 persons) - Facilities Sea View, Air Conditioning, Central heating, Refrigerator, Free Wi-Fi, Flat Screen TV, Hairdryer, 1 double bed or 2 single beds (CocoMat) Make a reservation! x Triple Room (3 persons) - Facilities Air Conditioning, Central heating, Refrigerator, Free Wi-Fi, Flat Screen TV, Hairdryer, 3 single beds (CocoMat) Make a reservation! x Contact Mr. John Koutsoupas tel. (+30) 22650 82097 mobile (+30) 6937 641464 fax (+30) 22650 83097 email: info@ariondelphihotel.com Map Your request has been sent! Contact Form - Arion Hotel Confirm availability Send rates Confirm availability and send rates Reserve the following dates Other Number of adults* Number of children Hotel   You cannot submit links! tel. (+30) 22650 82097 | mobile (+30) 6937 641464 | fax (+30) 22650 83097 Privacy policy | Cookie policy PRIVACY POLICY FOR : hereinafter referred to as the 'website'. Property reservations manager / department and/or owner: As per contact details on this webpage, hereinafter referred to as the 'property manager'. Website administrator: clickhere.gr, hereinafter referred to as the 'administrator'. For contact details click/tap here . For the administrator's terms of use, which also apply to this website, click/tap here . • Contact Form • Traffic Monitoring • Third Party Resources • Linking to Third Party Websites including a Booking Engine • Networks Used • Security CONTACT FORM IMPORTANT: Do NOT submit sensitive personal information through the contact form on this website, as is for example, a credit card number. In order to stay safe, as a general rule, you should not submit through a form, information that is not requested. This website however, may link to a third party booking engine, through which you can effect online reservation and payment. For more details on this, click/tap here . It is forbidden for persons under 16 years of age to submit personal information through the contact form on this website (such as your email, name and surname, telephone number and any other identifiable information). By using the contact form on this website, you submit [potentially identifiable] personal information, which includes your email, name and surname, country of origin (the above as submitted by you), user agent (i.e. anonymous device and browser info like for example Android, Mozilla, Iphone/Safari, etc.) and may include your telephone or mobile number and other personal details that you fill out. When you submit the contact form, it is sent by email to the property manager and the administrator. This information is kept strictly confidential unless you have granted explicit consent to act otherwise, and is used solely for the purpose of your enquiry, as is for example, a request for accommodation during a specific period. The administrator retains copies of form enquiries submitted: a) as a backup, in case the property manager experiences email problems, so that the enquiry can be forwarded to them if necessary b) to ensure proper functioning of the contact form c) to check website performance, including general statistical analysis (e.g. the total number of enquiries the website has received over a certain period) to ensure that functionality improvements are made if necessary. The administrator does not by default receive copies of subsequent correspondence between you and the property manager, unless either you or the property manager include an administrator email in a subsequent reply (for example, if you cc an email ending in @clickhere.gr). The administrator retains the right to contact you directly, in order to facilitate your enquiry if necessary, and for that purpose solely. For example, the administrator may at the property manager's request, undertake to respond directly to your enquiry, if they for whatever reason, are unable to do so themselves. This however, is extremely rare. Whenever you submit an enquiry through the contact form on this webpage, you always have the option of requesting that all communication records either be disclosed to you, or deleted, either by the property manager, the administrator, or both. Please keep in mind that deletion is contingent upon legal or contractual record keeping requirements. TRAFFIC MONITORING As is the case with any server on the Internet, traffic on this website is logged. This enables the administrator to compile anonymous statistical reports that display aggregate data. For example, total traffic by day, month, country and device type (e.g. desktop, tablet, mobile). All potentially personal / identifiable information (such as IP numbers) is kept strictly confidential and secure. Traffic log copies are maintained offline by the administrator, on a secure system: a) as a backup in case of data loss, should the need arise for instance, to regenerate anonymous, aggregate data reports, for the purpose of statistical analysis b) to be able to detect malevolent activity on the website, which is an indispensable part in the ongoing effort to ensure a secure browsing environment c) in order to comply with legal or contractual record keeping requirements THIRD PARTY RESOURCES This website uses third party resources in order to enhance your browsing experience. Specifically: Google Maps (Google Inc.) Google Fonts (Google Inc.) For Google Inc.'s privacy policy click/tap here . LINKING TO THIRD PARTY WEBSITES AND RESOURCES INCLUDING A BOOKING ENGINE This website may link to an outside resource (third party website) as may be for a example, a booking engine. In this case, you will be transferred to the third party's website which the property manager has contracted with directly, to enable you to carry out accommodation availability searches online and make a reservation, including payment. The administrator thoroughly checks all third party resources this website may link to, including booking engines, to ensure they meet all necessary security and privacy requirements. As a result, this website will only link to trusted third parties. However, it is important to consult the respective, third party's privacy policy and terms of use, since it is managed by an entity outside the administrator's control. NETWORKS USED This website uses a number of top-tier hosting and content delivery networks in order to provide a quality browsing experience. On every single network the administrator employs, thorough measures are undertaken in order to enhance anonymous browsing. For example, cookies are disabled where it is possible to do so without affecting the website's proper functioning. SECURITY As technology evolves and malevolent online practices become increasingly "creative", no company whatsoever, including the administrator, can provide a 100% guarantee that security will not be compromised in the future. As such, it is imperative that you, the user, also undertake all necessary measures to ensure your software and hardware devices are secure. This includes and is not limited to, maintaining an up-to-date antivirus on your device, a firewall, updating vulnerable hardware drivers and carrying out critical operating system updates. COOKIE POLICY FOR : hereinafter referred to as the 'website'. Property reservations manager / department and/or owner: As per contact details on this webpage, hereinafter referred to as the 'property manager'. Website administrator: clickhere.gr, hereinafter referred to as the 'administrator'. For contact details click/tap here . For the administrator's terms of use, which also apply to this website, click/tap here . What are Cookies? Cookies consist of portions of code installed in the browser that assist the website in providing services and information. Cookies on this website (also known as first party cookies) This website generates what are known as anonymous session cookies. These are automatically removed as soon as you close your browser. It also sets an anonymous cookie when you accept the cookie notice. It expires within 30 days and is used to avoid constantly displaying the cookie notice, once you have accepted it. All core functions of this website work perfectly well, even if you disable all cookies on your browser. Some portions of this website however, that use third party resources, may not function properly if cookies are disabled. Third party resources which may generate cookies This website uses third party resources in order to enhance your browsing experience. Specifically: Google Maps (Google Inc.) Google Fonts (Google Inc.) For Google Inc.'s privacy policy click/tap here. How to block Cookies You can manage preferences for cookies directly from your browser and block them. Through your browser's preferences, you can also delete cookies generated in the past. You can find information on how to manage cookies in the most commonly used browsers, by clicking on the links below: Google Chrome Mozilla Firefox Microsoft Internet Explorer Apple Safari COOKIE POLICY FOR : hereinafter referred to as the 'website'. Property reservations manager / department and/or owner: As per contact details on this webpage, hereinafter referred to as the 'property manager'. Website administrator: clickhere.gr, hereinafter referred to as the 'administrator'. For contact details click/tap here . For the administrator's terms of use, which also apply to this website, click/tap here . What are Cookies? Cookies consist of portions of code installed in the browser that assist the website in providing services and information. Cookies on this website (also known as first party cookies) This website generates what are known as anonymous session cookies. These are automatically removed as soon as you close your browser. All core functions of this website work perfectly well, even if you disable all cookies on your browser. Some portions of this website however, that use third party resources, may not function properly if cookies are disabled. Third party resources which may generate cookies This website uses third party resources in order to enhance your browsing experience. Specifically: Google Maps (Google Inc.) Google Fonts (Google Inc.) For Google Inc.'s privacy policy click/tap here. How to block Cookies You can manage preferences for cookies directly from your browser and block them. Through your browser's preferences, you can also delete cookies generated in the past. You can find information on how to manage cookies in the most commonly used browsers, by clicking on the links below: Google Chrome Mozilla Firefox Microsoft Internet Explorer Apple Safari hotel Facilities Photos Accommodation & Rates Map Contact Book direct Each time you make a reservation through this website, your reservation is made directly with Arion Hotel. As such, you are guaranteed the lowest possible rate , unlike reservations made through third party systems (whose prices include the given platform’s commission). To send a reservation enquiry directly to Arion Hotel click here! × ©2002- clickhere.gr , All rights reserved We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. By continuing to browse this website, you consent to the use of cookies. Details I agree! 