Ardencraig House Apartments - Ardencraig House Apartments Home Gallery Accommodation Glencallum Barone Kilbride Glenmore Kingaven Rates & Availability Local Information Getting Here Contact Ardencraig House Apartments Are you looking for somewhere comfortable to stay in beautiful surroundings? Then look no further than Ardencraig House Apartments on the Isle of Bute ​ Please take a look around our website and if we can be of any help to you, please email us or call us on 07881 825653 . You can also check availability or book, by clicking her e ​Open all year. **Late booking discount**. 25% off bookings for JULY. Please call me direct for details.07881 825653 Dogs are very welcome but not to be left on their own in the apartment “Delightful hosts and a peaceful, spacious home with stunning views - thoroughly relaxing’ A lovely warm welcome to a peaceful, charming house with stunning views.” Lynne - April 2018 The principal owners of Ardencraig House - David and Elaine Daniels - came to visit Bute for a day in 2003 and decided to stay permanently. You will understand why when you visit Bute, Scotland's Unexplored Isle. Ardencraig House Apartments, are five extremely spacious and comfortable apartments, in a beautifully converted Georgian mansion. Carefully located in a sheltered position overlooking the Firth of Clyde, the house stands in large gardens which are occasionally visited by the local deer and other wildlife. Ardencraig House Apartments are fully equipped with everything you should need, such as flat-screen TVs, a DVD player complete with a small selection of family DVDs, games and books, and even WIFI. Four have a sea view across the Firth of Clyde to the Ayrshire coast and the fifth apartment, Kilbride, looks out over the gardens to the rear of Ardencraig House . ” Fantastic apartment with glorious views, very comfortable and spacious. Owner very helpful and friendly. 5* is not enough. Very peaceful, have had a wonderful time - the whole island is beautiful. Will be back” Ardencraig House Apartments are only one minute from Ardencraig Gardens. Here you'll see during the summer months, beautiful displays of flowers and plants. We're also only a five minute walk down to the beach and a five minute drive to Mount Stuart House. WIFI available in all apartments. ​Call 07881825653 for more details - Late booking discount available. Connect with us on Facebook and Twitter! ​ Proudly powered by Weebly end container end footer-wrap /.wrapper Home Gallery Accommodation Glencallum Barone Kilbride Glenmore Kingaven Rates & Availability Local Information Getting Here Contact http://www.tripadvisor.co.uk/VacationRentalReview-g551924-d5955149-Ardencraig_House_Apts_Kingaven-Rothesay_Isle_of_Bute_Argyll_and_Bute_Scotland.html 