Cape Town GuestHouses | Accommodation in Cape Town | Bed and Breakfast Cape Town DHTML JavaScript Tooltips from www.walterzorn.com Accommodation in Cape Town Welcome to 17 on Loader Guest House, situated in De Waterkant Village . Cape Town Guest House . Situated on the slopes of Signal Hill overlooking the Cape Town harbour and world renowned V&A Waterfront this cape town b&b is well known for its unique and original Cape architecture, cobbled streets lined with clothing boutiques, furniture stores, specialty shops, bars, coffee shops, cafes, restaurants and delis. Our Cape Town guest house is conveniently situated within a 10 minute walk to the city centre , the Cape Town International Convention Centre , the V&A Waterfront , several health spas and some of Cape Town ’s most popular restaurants and nightclubs. The 2010 Fifa World Cup Stadium in Green Point is within cheering distance. De Waterkant is considered to be a safe area, and is patrolled by security guards 24 hours a day.     No 17 on Loader is on three levels and has a large roof terrace with magnificent 360 degree views of Table Mountain , Devil's Peak , Signal Hill , Table Bay , Blouberg Beach , Robben Island , the harbour, the Waterfront and Cape Town city centre.   17 on Loader Guest House is also home to a large private collection of art works providing a glimpse into South Africa's rich and varied creative talent.   Underfloor heating keeps the guest house beautifully warm during the winter months while huge plane trees keep the property cool during our long hot summers. We offer a variety of accommodation options including self catering units; honeymoon suites; and rooms for independant travellers. Some of the accommodation options are in neighbouring properties exclusively managed by 17 on Loader . Our rates include a continental breakfast each morning (7AM - 11AM) which is served in a basket for guests to enjoy in their rooms, the roof terrace, the front balcony or the dining room.             Tea and coffee facilities and an honesty bar are also available.     There are comfortable chairs and loungers on the roof deck, making this the perfect place to have early morning coffee watching the sunrise, or to suntan during the hot days, take a cold shower under our beautiful South African skies, or alternatively, you can enjoy sundowners, and just revel in the beauty that is Cape Town .     We also offer the following services and facilities: We provide safety deposit boxes; a Wi-Fi zone, cellphone rentals; airport transfers, restaurant and club bookings, visitors' information and recommendations, car rentals, tour bookings and itineraries, sun worshipping or star gazing on the roof terrace, private functions (fully catered) for up to 200 guest functions (barbeques, dinners, cocktail parties) and rotating art exibitions displaying the work of local artists.   Should you require any further information regarding these facilities please do not hesitate to ask. Please note there are no cooking or laundry facilities on the premises but these services are easily available in the village.   At 17 on Loader we pride ourselves in our levels of service excellence and this, we feel is apparent in our choice of quality bedroom and bathroom furnishings and finishes, our staff and the service we offer. Top rated amongst the Cape Town Guest Houses .   Being situated in the area known as “de Waterkant Village”, 17 on Loader Guest House is privileged to not only be situated in a scenic, and historic are of Cape Town – it is also very centrally situated and within a short walking distance of places like the famous V&A Waterfront ; the City Centre; and The Cape Town International Convention Centre . Additionally, Loader Street – where our guest house is situated, is ideally placed slap bang in the hub of all things happening in de Waterkant. Some facts which may be of interest concerning de Waterkant: It is one of the most famous, and interesting areas of Cape Town. In essence it is a Village within the boundaries of the City of Cape Town itself – and is in itself totally self-sufficient. Architecture styles are predominantly of the Cape Malay and Georgian eras – relatively ornate facades, with single storey flat roofs (similar to those to be found in the Karoo). However, with the area becoming so popular, massive regeneration has taken place – with almost every house now an architectural and interior masterpiece. And as a consequence, property prices have sky rocketed over the past 10 years. (It is to a large extent thanks to Maree Brink, of the company Village and Life that de Waterkant Village has prospered – with his visionary and sensitive approach to the general upgrading of the area). Loader Street is situated parallel to both High Level and Somerset Roads – the latter Streets basically forming the original boundaries of de Waterkant. However, over time, the boundaries have been extended, and now include Streets such as Prestwich, Hudson, Buitengracht and Boundary Roads. See map here . The Village is basically a “one stop shop” – where you can find all that one ever needs: Places where you can: Eat; Sleep; Shop; Work; and Party! Eat: Restaurants, coffee shops and eateries are in abundance throughout the Village. These include: The Truth Café on Somerset Road. San Julian Mexican Restaurant situated in lower Rose Street, Origin Coffee Roasting and The Loading Bay in Hudson Street. Closer to “home” – 17 on Loader Guest House enjoys very close proximity (+- 2 minutes’ walk) to literally dozens more places where one snack and drink away: Café Max ,  The Village Cafe and  Café Manhattan are all situated in de Waterkant Street (Café Manhattan is the oldest eatery in the Village). De Waterkant Street is the next parallel Street down from Loader Street. Part of de Waterkant’s rejuvenation has taken the form of the creation of two business hubs – known as “ The Cape Quarter Lifestyle Village ” - which is also home to a myriad of restaurants. Within these two “quarters” one can find restaurants such as Lazari , Vanilla ; Voila , Kuzina , The Cru , Chenin Restaurant Wine Bar , Andiamo , and the La Petite Tarte . Slightly further afield (about 5 minutes walk), one can find other delectable eateries - Table Thirteen , Beluga , Il Leone , and La Pigalle , to name but a few. Sleep : De Waterkant Village has dozens of accommodation establishments, including self catering units, B&B’s, Lodges, Hotels and Guest Houses. These include de Waterkant Cottages , Village and Life , the Protea Hotel Victoria Junction , and of course – 17 on Loader Guest House ! Shop: De Waterkant is a shopper’s delight! One can literally “shop till you drop” and stretch those credit cards to the max! The Cape Quarter is the main focus for shops in the area. Types of shops include Arts and Curios: ( Baraka , prêt-a-pot , Lisa King Gallery ); Health and Beauty: ( mediCape Clinic , and dr Lechtape-Gruter Plastic Surgeon ); Fashion: About 20 shops – see here ); Furniture: ( Private Collections , Pierre Cronje , and Global Heritage to name but a few). Work : De Waterkant has become one of the most desirable areas in which to work – being convenient, trendy, and safe. Some of the big name businesses include de Loitte’s , 140 BBDO , Primedia and Pernod Ricard ). However, the bulk of businesses in the area are made up of small, talent-rich and highly creative entities and/or professionals. These include Engage Brandcraft , iLead Model Agencies , Faith Models , datNow’s Attorneys , and NS Digital . Party ! The Village has a history of being one the party hubs of Cape Town – be it late night Jazz and Soul spots, to pulse popping, head banging nightclubs. Places to look out for include: The Bronx , The Hot House (a party with a difference!) Crew Bar , Cubana Havana Lounge , and Trinity . Whatever you are looking for – de Waterkant has it in abundance. It’s truly a destination within Cape Town itself. Stroll through its quaint Streets, linger over a coffee, or dance the night away – but one thing’s for sure – it sure will find a special little spot in your heart. View Our Location on Google Street View View Our Saved Places in a Larger Map   Physical Address 17 Loader Street De Waterkant Cape Town 8001 Tweet Contact Details Res. +27(0)21-418 3417 Fax. +27(0)21-425 6726 Cell. +27(0)82 675 8193         SEARCH AND YE SHALL FIND Custom Search   17 on Loader Guest House   17 on Loader Guest House     17 on Loader Guest House rated "excellent" by 7 travelers SHARE ON FACEBOOK Reviews of 17 on Loader Guest House in Cape Town   What's up in Cape Town? © 2002 - 2010 17loader.za.net All rights reserved. Legal Notice - Privacy - Site Map   design by DragNfLy designs 