Newport Oregon Hotels | Best Western Plus Agate Beach Hotel Newport OR Skip to main content Skip to footer Web Accessibility Best Western Plus Agate Beach (541) 265-9411 Contact & Directions Arrival Departure Book Now Accommodations Guest Room Amenities Hotel Services Pooch Policy Dining Sea Glass Bistro & Lounge Common Grounds Espresso Bar In-Room Dining Meetings & Events Meeting Rooms Banquet Events Group Blocks Testimonials Specials Gallery Accommodations Hotel Services Dining Hotel Views Local Attractions Area Event Calendar Book Now Welcome to Agate Beach Inn Renovation Story Best Western Plus Agate Beach Inn Just outside the Best Western Plus Agate Beach Inn, guests will find themselves in a secluded seaside haven, surrounded by breathtaking beach views. Located in Newport, Oregon, the Best Western Plus ocean view hotel is perfect for every occasion. Whether your trip to the Oregon coast is a relaxing retreat away from the hustle and bustle of the city, a reunion with friends, or a family adventure, it's the perfect place to experience the peaceful and serene surroundings of the ocean while enjoying many hotel services and amenities including fully renovated guest rooms, amazing dining services, and excellent guest service. Book Now   Accommodations 148 guest rooms in a wide range of accommodations, including ocean view or hillside. Every room was freshly renovated in 2018 offering well-appointed, comfortable furnishings. We love pets and have a limited number of pet-friendly rooms available; please request a specific pet room when making your reservation if your furry family member will be joining you and check out our pet policy details here. Learn More Amenities The Best Western Plus Agate Beach Inn offers a wealth of thoughtful amenities; from an indoor pool to fitness center to complimentary wine reception, we invite you relax and enjoy all the amenities that the hotel offers to make your stay unforgettable.   Learn More Dining Great dining is about more than a delicious menu, it's about creating an experience that meets your dining needs. Whether you are looking for casual coastal cuisine, in-room service, or a quick bite on the go, Best Western Plus Agate Beach Inn has your appetite covered. Learn More Local Attractions & Events Check out Newport’s calendar of events and attractions Sea Glass Bistro & Lounge Explore the Sea Glass Bistro & Lounge Host a Group Explore Special Event Spaces Heart of the Oregon Coast Ideally located on Agate Beach in Newport, Oregon, the heart of the Oregon coast, the Best Western Plus Agate Beach Inn offers the perfect ingredients for a laid-back, quiet vacation getaway or family friendly reunion. Enjoy all the comforts of home at our ocean view paradise as you relax and unwind or explore the Newport area attractions such as the Yaquina Lighthouses, Oregon Coast Aquarium, Historic Nye Beach, and Mariner Square. Best Western Plus Agate 3019 N Coast Hwy • Newport, Oregon 97365 Book Direct: (541) 265-9411 • Group Sales: (541) 574-2205 • Email Us • Book Now Website Design Copyright © 2018, L.E.T. Group, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy • Site Map • Web Accessibility Facebook Instagram Sign Up for Email Updates 