www.rentinsicily.com - Villa or apartment in Sicily for rent www.rentinsicily.com - Menu Contattaci Menu Home Start here... Villa Map Map Reviews & album Black & White Colours in Sicily Guest Gelso Guest Marina GuestPhotos Sicily Unusually Ragusa Guest Reviews Surroundings Costs Paypal info & booking Virtual Tour [if lte IE 7]> <link href="/modules/mod_slideshowck/themes/default/css/camera_ie.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" /> <![endif] [if IE 8]> <link href="/modules/mod_slideshowck/themes/default/css/camera_ie8.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" /> <![endif] debut Slideshow CK fin Slideshow CK Dintorni Percorrendo pochi km potrai gustarti alcune delle meraviglie della Sicilia Continua... Links utili Accedi in questa sezione per visualizzare alcuni links scelti per voi Continua... Guest Album Visualizza gli album fotografici dei nostri ospiti Continua... Welcome on Rent in Sicily   In Italy, in Sicily We rent a typical country villa with swimming pool in the local countryside, or one apartment at the sea near the beach in Marina di Ragusa, in the most peaciful and calm coast of the sout-east of Sicily. This is the ideal place for a quiet, relaxing and cheap holiday and, at the same time, you can enjoy the sea, the countryside and the natural and cultural heritage of the beatiful places in 150 kms: Ragusa, Taormina, Etna, Siracusa, Noto, Piazza Armerina, Morgantina, Agrigento and Malta. A Ragusa, in Sicilia affitto tipica villa con piscina (casina) di villeggiatura in campagna nell'altipiano ibleo, o un appartamento al mare a pochi metri dalla spiaggia di Marina di Ragusa, nella parte sud orientale della Sicilia, la più tranquilla ed accogliente. Ideale soluzione per una rilassante ed economica vacanza che ti consentirà di godere al contempo il mare, la campagna e l'immenso patrimonio artistico e naturalistico della Sicilia disponibile nel raggio di 150 Km (Ragusa, Taormina, Etna, Siracusa, Noto, Piazza Armerina, Agrigento, Malta ecc.)   En Italie, en Sicile location de typique villa, dans la campagne sur l'haut plateau ibleo au appartement à la mer près de la plage de Marina di Ragusa, dans la partie sud orientale de l'île ,la plus tranquille et accueillante. Situation idéale pour une vacance économique et délassante que vous donnera la possibilité de jouir au même temps de la mer,de la campagne et du grand patrimoine artistique et naturaliste disponible. Dans un rayon de 150 kilomètres (RAGUSA,TAORMINA,ETNA, SIRACUSA,NOTO,PIAZZA ARMERINA,AGRIGENTO,MALTA ecc)   En Ragusa, Sicilia Alquilo típica villa (chalet) con piscina de veraneo en el campo en el altiplano ibleo, o  apartamento en el mar, a pocos metros de la playa de Marina di Ragusa, en la parte sur horiental de Sicilia, la más tranquila y acogedora. Ideal solución para unas relajantes y economicas vacaciones que te permitiran gozar al mismo tiempo del mar, el campo y el inmenso patrimonio artístico de Sicilia disponible en un radio de 150 km ( Ragusa, Taormina, Etna, Siracusa, Noto, Piazza Armerina, Agrigento, Malta ecc.)   Offerte speciali  Dicono di noi A wonderful holiday We recommend this charming villa set amongst the fields outside of Ragusa as the perfect place to relax. It is so peaceful and the surrounding countryside is beautiful.The only sounds you will occasionally hear are the neighbour's dogs and a rooster. We visited in May 2012 and apart from one day the weather was warm and sunny. The large and well maintained pool provided an excellent place to have fun and cool down in the afternoon. We were on our honeymoon and the friendly owners Elio and his wife Giovanna provided us with a host of local treats and a celebratory bottle of Prosecco. They were full of useful information and very kind to us. The villa has been lovingly restored by the owners and is clean, spacious and well kitted out. The kitchen has every utensil and appliance you could wish to use. There is a wealth of fresh produce to purchase in the towns nearby, so if like us you enjoy cooking you will be able to make some fantastic dishes! The garden is beautiful, with hammocks ideally positioned in the shade for an afternoon nap. The location is ideal and we were easily able to explore the picturesque baroque towns of Ragusa, Modica and Noto. The flower festival held in Noto in May is an event not to be missed! Ragusa Ibla and Modica are great for an afternoon or evening walk followed by an ice cream or aperitivo. They have a wealth of bars, gelaterias and restaurants. The Caffè dell'Arte in Modica sells the best chocolate we have ever tasted. The Osteria dei Sapori Perduti in Modica is a lovely place to eat. The menu is fantastic value, serving a variety of traditional, unpretentious Sicilian dishes. During our stay we also got time to visit The Valley of the Temples at agrigento, The Scala dei Turchi, Siracusa & Ortigia. They were well worth visiting and very easy to do as day trips. For those wanting to visit the beach, nearby Marina di Ragusa is worth a trip. I believe Elio also has an apartment there to rent. A thoroughly enjoyable and memorable stay. By Rafael from Southend on Sea, UK for a stay in May 2012 Excellent rent experience in a nice area of Sicily "Nous sommes allés deux étés successifs dans cette maison absolument délicieuse. L'environnement naturel est trés beau et l'on jouit méme d'une vue sur la mer au loin depuis la terrasse. La maison est trés joliment renovée avec des matériaux anciens, tout est trés propre et de bon goét. La piscine est trés agréable. Nos deux séjours furent un enchantement. Elio et Giovanna, les propriétaires, sont pleins d'attention et extrémement accueillants. Un petit coin de paradis." By Judith from Lille, France for a stay in Juillet 2009 NEWS Since October 2013, the company RyanAir has weekly flights from London (Stansted ), Brussels ( Charleroi ) and Rome (Ciampino) to Sicily - Comiso Airport . Comiso is located just 10 km from the Villa Ragusa and 20 km from the Residence Punta di Mola in Marina di Ragusa Continua... Statistiche Visitatori 25 N. pagine indicizzate 20 Links esterni rilevati 7 N. totale visitatori 784757 Rent in Sicily Email Questo indirizzo email è protetto dagli spambots. E' necessario abilitare JavaScript per vederlo. Menu Facebook Google+ Links utili Copyright by DOTmobi.it . All rights reserved. Hosted BY Teknadoc Italia Inizio Codice ShinyStat Fine Codice ShinyStat 