 Amber Tours - Private, tailor-made Wine, Cape Peninsula and Cape Town Tours Background Image Root Container Banner The Real Paradise Cape Town has been rated as the top holiday destination by British newspaper The Guardian and the US's The New York Times Lesley Cox Your highly experienced and knowledgeable tour guide; Lesley Cox has been impressing both locals and tourists with her private tailor-made day tours The Wine Region rich in history, architecture, majestic scenery and, of course, excellent vineyards and restaurants visit some of the secret spots not on the usual tourist route Wine Tour Award winning wine breathtaking scenery rich in both culture and history Main Menu Amber Tours Tours City Tours Wine Tours Cape Peninsula News Contact Us Content Private, tailor-made Cape Town tours Now in my seventeenth year of guiding private tours around Cape Town, I specialise in private, tailor-made tours of Cape Town, with special emphasis on the history of South Africa and the wine region. Normal page content 5 Stars on Trip Advisor Lesley Cox I like to discuss all the options with you in advance via email so that the day can be tailor-designed to your interests and planned at a pace convenient to you. The three main areas of interest are the Cape Peninsula, the wine region and the historic city centre of Cape Town itself. I have detailed highlights of these three areas to give you some ideas as to what options are available, and these can form the basis of our communication in order to create your individual, memorable private tour in Cape Town. I have an Honours Degree in History through UNISA (University of South Africa, online university) and have also completed a two-year Diploma in International Wine (Cape Wine Academy), hence my speciality in conducting private tours of our city and the wine region I am looking forward to welcoming you to Cape Town – please browse my website, and let me assist in making the most of your visit to Cape Town. Tours Read more... City Tours To absorb the true spirit and history of Cape Town, the city bowl is best explored on foot. More Info Read more... Cape Peninsula It will be hard to match the scenery and history around the Cape Peninsula, comprising the Cape Point nature reserve and the penguins at Boulders beach. More Info Read more... Wine Region The Cape wine region is just over 350 years old and ready to welcome visitors who wish to experience all the senses. More Info Vehicle Private tours are conducted in my Hyundai H1 which has the Operator’s Permit and tourism insurance. I have a Professional Driving Permit (PDP) and always carry complimentary chilled mineral water and maps of the region. Let me assist you – Enquire Please like my Facebook page and Follow me on Twitter to receive regular updates of tourism news in Cape Town! end content Footer Content Private, tailor-made tours of Cape Town and the wine region, with a special emphasis on the history of South Africa. Cell: +27 (0)83 448 7016 Recent Posts Parliament with Culture Con... 17 April 2019 Company Gardens: emphasis o... 13 April 2019 Mount Nelson Hotel 7 April 2019 Sample Tours Wine region overview 11 April 2014 Wine region – gastronomic... 11 April 2014 Wine region – no wine tas... 11 April 2014 Gallery Footer Bar   Copyright © 2016. Design by Magiweb . View Sitemap end wrapper end root container 