Home - The Alexander™ All Suite Oceanfront Resort Skip to main content 5225 Collins Avenue, Miami Beach, FL 33140 305.341.6500 Beach Cam Owner Login Accommodations Signature – King & 2 Queen Signature King & 2 Queen Beds Signature – King & 2 Twin Regular – King & 2 Twin Regular – 2 Queen & 2 Twin Resort Video Specials Miami Deals Miami Hotel Deals Dining Top of the Falls In-Suite Dining Amenities Sparkling Pools Private Beach Grocery Delivery Marina Gallery Weddings & Groups Weddings Meetings Jewish Events Floor Plans Special Offers Catering Get a Meeting Quote Get a Wedding Quote Salon & Spa Contact Us Map & directions Owner Services Pardon Our Dust / main-nav Menu / header / home-slider scroll to explore / visual-holder Social Buzz Offers Events Bars in Miami Beach End Of Summer Promo Miami Beach Tours Watersports! Miami Beach Deals Sit Back & Relax Miami Beach Hotel Deals Events at The Alexander Resort Things To Do In Miami Beach Things to Do in Miami & Miami Beach Activities Calendar / tabs-block Personifying Greatness, Perfecting Vacation Come discover why our oceanfront resort is one of the premier Miami Beach hotels Soak in breathtaking views of sunrises and sunsets. Spread out in spacious one- and two-bedroom suites. Gather together in sophisticated style. Solemnize Jewish events with a nod to tradition. The Alexander® All Suite Oceanfront Resort takes greatness to a whole new level when it comes to hotels in Miami Beach. Our exclusive location shelters you from the hustle and bustle of the vibrant beach city while providing priceless views of the Atlantic Ocean and Millionaire’s Row. Tucked away and boasting elegant decor, our full-service resort features a classical wooden staircase and exquisite crystal chandeliers. Enjoy easy access to premier shopping, dining and entertainment should you desire to partake in the fervor and trendiness of our surrounding art deco community. View Resort Video While our all-suite accommodations are oversized, our attitude and amenities are intimate.  Every time you stay with us, you’ll receive two drinks, two in-suite bottles of Voss water and The Alexander® Resort beach bag with our compliments! Relax on our private white sand beach while sipping a tropical drink from Top of the Falls, our tiki bar. Take a dip in one of our refreshing pools surrounded by swaying palm trees. Experience all of the creature comforts of home surrounded by your closest friends and family. We have everything you need to escape for an extended weekend or vacation, celebrate a marriage or bar mitzvah , host a productive business meeting or simply enjoy quality family time together in sunny Miami Beach. Reserve a place at The Alexander® today and move your home to the beach — for however long you choose to stay. We’re getting ready for our close-up! The Alexander™ All Suite Oceanfront Resort is embarking on a multi-million dollar facelift to bring our glory days back into the Miami spotlight for a completely new generation. Beginning in May, we will be undergoing extensive renovations that will limit our suite inventory and intermittently close some of our world-famous amenities to make way for even more exciting, exclusive amenities.  We appreciate your patience and understanding as construction noise during the week may inadvertently affect your stay during this exciting transition. Once all of the work is done, you’ll enjoy the same quiet opulence that celebrities, musicians and political figures of the past have experienced with the added luxury of a reimagined lobby, glamorous pool, delectable new restaurant and so much more. See our Renovation Notice  for more details as well as renderings of the fantastic changings coming soon. Get ready to feel a new Miami vibe with an old Miami favorite when you book a stay at The Alexander™ All Suite Oceanfront Resort.  The Alexander® Oceanfront Resort 5225 Collins Avenue Miami Beach, FL 33140 Direct: (305) 341-6500 #primary-sidebar Connect with us facebook twitter instagram tripadvisor The Alexander® All Suite Oceanfront Resort. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy / footer Check-In Date Check-Out Date Adults 1 2 3 4 Kids 0 1 2 3 4 Promo Code / booking-bar wrapper × How can I help you? 