Airport Delta Motel Christchurch Accommodation Home Testimonials Accommodation 360° Views Policies Location Features Airport Transfers Breakfast Internet Parking / Park & Fly Meeting Room / Laundry Bookings Enquiries Local Info Activities Food Vehicle Hire Contact Your Feedback Site Navigation Home Testimonials Accommodation 360° Views Policies Location Features Airport Transfers Breakfast Internet Parking / Park & Fly Meeting Room / Laundry Bookings Enquiries Local Info Activities Food Vehicle Hire Contact Your Feedback Welcome to Airport Delta Motel Newly refurbished in 2015, Christchurch Airport's award-wining motel, Airport Delta Motel is conveniently located just 3 minutes from Christchurch International Airport, adjacent to one of Christchurch's top golf courses and only 12 minutes from the city centre. Our 15 stylishly appointed units offer the highest standards in modern accommodation with warm and welcoming contemporary furnishings. We have made every effort to meet the needs of our guests with standard features in our daily-serviced units including; sky tv, dvd's, king-size beds and state of the art kitchen facilities. Travellers can take advantage of our free park and stay facility - conditions apply and you'll need to contact us directly to check availability. Airport Delta also addresses the requirements of the business traveller, ensuring every apartment has a desk with a direct-dial telephone line and a high-speed/broadband internet connection point. For those requiring a private office, meeting room or showroom, guests can book our fully appointed facility room. For our leisure travellers we now have an internet kiosk for you to check your emails. Our beautiful units have been designed and fitted to offer affordable luxury to our guests. With our chic furnishings and boutique toiletries, we believe our style is reflected in our mood – relaxed, friendly and professional.   Start Google 360° Virtual Tour Our Features Free Airport Shuttle (conditions apply) Free High speed WiFi (limits apply) Free off-street parking Park & Fly service (conditions apply)  Continental Breakfast (available to be ordered for $14pp) Free laundry facilities Conference room (reservation apply) Premium units with modern furnishings and comfortable beds Best location Self-checkin for late arrivals (pre-arrangement) *PLEASE NOTICE: We operate  FREE  Airport shuttle during the hours of 7:00am-9:00pm weekdays and 8:00am-9:00pm weekends/ public holidays * . SHUTTLE DOES NOT OPERATE ON CHRISTMAS EVE, CHRISTMAS DAY, BOXING DAY, NEW YEARS EVE, NEW YEARS DAY. This free shuttle service is available to arriving and departing flights only,and  MUST  be arranged when booking your reservation You are assured of a very warm welcome and a great night's sleep. We look forward to seeing you on your next visit to Christchurch. Maria and Kelvin | Your hosts Availability Search Reception Hours Weekdays 7am-9pm Weekends 8am-9pm Public Holidays 8am-9pm Contacts Phone: +64 3 358 0969 Free Phone: 0800 800 825 Email: info@airportdelta.co.nz       Navigation Testimonials Links Airport Christchurch Motel Airport Information Christchurch City Council New Zealand Police Contact 61 Roydvale Avenue Burnside Christchurch 8053 Freephone: 0800 800 825 Phone: +64 3 358 0969 Fax: +64 3 357 4251 Email: info@airportdelta.co.nz © Airport Delta Motel Site Admin | Website and booking system by Seekom | Hokitika-S v2019.1 