Luxury Vacations Rental In Edinburgh | UK | 21 Hanover Edinburgh body start html embeds start body start html embeds end RESERVATIONS Mrs Mairi Anne Bowen T • +44 (0)7812 124831 E • 21hanoverstreet@gmail.com © 2017 21hanover |  property images copyright © Christopher Bowen   Send CONTACT ENQUIRY FORM HOME THE FLAT LOCATION RATES & AVAILABILITY CONTACT More... Your luxury holiday rental apartment in Edinburgh city centre - LOCATION - 21 Hanover Street Edinburgh EH2 2DL - RESERVATIONS - Mrs Mairi Anne Bowen E •  21hanoverstreet@gmail.com  The flat X Just steps from Edinburgh's Princes Street and the National Galleries of Scotland, 21 Hanover  is a calm oasis of understated luxury, offering spacious self-catering accommodation and great views.   Overlooking Hanover Street, the generously-proportioned living room has a well stocked library with games, books and guides to the city. There is a TV, DVD player with a small library of films, iPod dock and WiFi for guests to use. Also at the front of the apartment – and with great Castle views – is the bright and welcoming dining kitchen, fully equipped with everything you would need for your stay. ​ Positioned at the rear of the apartment and away from the hubbub of Hanover Street are the two bedrooms. The large master has a kingsize bed and en-suite bathroom with underfloor heating and large walk-in shower; the twin is adjacent to a second bathroom with walk-in shower. Fine quality linens and towels are provided.  ​ Unfortunately, since it is on the second floor the apartment is not suitable for wheelchair access or for prams or buggies. Smoking within the premises is not allowed. The Kitchen Microwave Fridge Freezer Washer drier Oven Hob Dishwasher Basic provisions Dishes Cutlery and Utensils Glassware Pots and pans   Hallway Iron Ironing Board Clothes drying rack Umbrellas  Amenities General Wi-Fi Electric central heating   The Sitting Room A large selection of books including tourist guides Games, including a selection for children Magazines iPod dock Television DVD player and small library of DVDs   Two Bedrooms Master with king size bed and quality linens Twin with two singles beds and quality linens Hairdryer   Two Bathrooms Master en-suite with bath and shower Family shower room with powerful walk-in shower Luxury towels and soaps You can view more of our reviews HERE This apartment is absolutely stunning. The decor is beautiful and the location is outstanding... the apartment itself is very quiet at night time which is another plus for its central location. Rosemary Ireland I would HIGHLY recommend this property to anyone wanting to be close to Princes Street and the restaurants, bars, shopping, sightseeing it offers. The location is ideal but moreover, the apartment is gorgeous.  Melissa Los Angeles, USA The flat is exactly as pictured. Very good sized rooms, beautifully decorated and very well equipped. The kitchen is well appointed providing all the utensils and appliances needed to cook an elaborate meal or heat up something ready made.  Karen Singapore Please reload 'Edinburgh is to London as poetry is to prose'... X ...wrote Charlotte Brontë, and  21 Hanover  is perfectly placed to enjoy the major attractions of one of the world's stateliest cities.  ​ The massive stone fortification of Edinburgh Castle, which dominates the city skyline and can be viewed from 21 Hanover , appears to rise out of Princes Street Gardens, a brief walk away. Turn right as you leave the apartment and the elegant streets and squares of Edinburgh's 'New Town' (a UNESCO World Heritage Site) spread before you. It is this duality, the medieval Old Town's warren of hilly cobblestoned streets and narrow stepped lanes and vennels, and the orderly grid of Georgian-era New Town (the Edinburgh  of The Enlightenment, Sir Walter Scott and the 'Athens of the North') that gives the city its unique character. But while vivid remnants of the past are ever present in the city that has served as Scotland's political and cultural capital for nearly a thousand years, Edinburgh is still evolving today, thanks in part to newly vibrant neighbourhoods like Leith, the once-dingy port where city meets the Firth of Forth, which has emerged as an exciting epicurean centre. ​ So whether you are visiting Edinburgh to enjoy the cultural pleasures of its world-renowned festivals, roar with the Murrayfield crowd at a rugby international or simply marvel at one of Europe's great city skylines, at 21 Hanover you will be at the heart of it. Location 21 Hanover is situated in the heart of Edinburgh's 'New Town', between Princes Street and Rose Street.   If arriving by train the flat is less than a ten minute walk from Waverley Station. Follow the signs for Waverley Bridge and turn left onto Princes Street; Hanover Street is the second on your right.  ​ By car, the nearest parking in on George Street (metered). There is covered car parking (24h) at the Omni Centre, 28 Greenside Row, EH1 3AJ. ​ Regular tram and bus services run from Edinburgh Airport to Princes Street. ​ There is also a taxi rank opposite the flat. Rates and Availability   Price per night ranges from £185 in low season to £225 in mid and £300 in high season. Weekly rates are £1,000 in low season, £1,400 in mid and £2,000 in high season. Prices are inclusive of all taxes and cleaning fees and are based on four, or fewer, guests in the flat. There will be a charge for additional guests.   There is a three night minimum stay throughout most of the year. During August and over the Christmas and New Year period there is a four night minimum stay. In certain circumstances a two night stay may be considered at a small premium. ​   Low Season January – March (excluding rugby weekends New Year & Easter) Mid Season Easter, April – July, September – December (excluding Christmas & New Year) High Season August, rugby weekends, Christmas & New Year Terms & Conditions Bookings A deposit of 25% is required to secure a booking. The balance is to be paid no later than 8 weeks prior to your arrival. We also need the home address and mobile number of the lead guest and the full names of all other guests. ​ Occupancy The occupants must not exceed the number that you have stated and must be those persons identified in the booking. The flat is not to be used for entertaining or events. ​ Arrivals & Departures You are welcome to check in from 3pm. We will contact you with your key codes prior to your stay. Please check out by 11am. ​ Housekeeping Please be considerate and leave the flat clean and tidy. If left in a dirty, or inappropriate manner, a cleaning surcharge may be applied. For guests booked in for longer stays, we offer a complimentary cleaning service (mid-stay).​ All damages and losses must be reported prior to departure and must be paid for in full. We know that accidents can happen, so please just let us know! ​ Cancellations If we can re-let the dates we will refund you, save for the deposit. If however the cancellation is within 8 weeks of your scheduled arrival date, and we cannot re-let the flat, you will forfeit your full booking fee. ​ Pets Strictly no pets save for assistance dogs that have been approved in advance. ​ Smoking There is a strict no smoking policy in the building. ​ Unreasonable behaviour The owners reserve the right to remove any persons from the building if they deem their behaviour to be unreasonable. Under such circumstance no refund will be provided.   Unforeseen Circumstances We will do our best to ensure that dates selected by guests are kept but, if for any reason the flat becomes unavailable due to unforeseen circumstances, we cannot guarantee alternative accommodation. A full refund will be given, there will be no further claim against the owners. As a goodwill gesture, a discount will be offered if guests would like to re-select another available date in the future. ​ Holiday Insurance We advise that guests take out their own insurance to minimise any costs caused by cancelled booking and any loss or damage to contents and personal property and also against personal injury. ​ Liability The owners accept no liability for any accident, damage, loss, injury, expense or inconvenience, which may be suffered, incurred, arrived out of, or in any way connected with the rental. The provision of wireless broadband internet access is a complimentary facility and the owners accept no liability for loss of coverage or quality where technical problems are experienced. ​ Rights of Entry The owners, and their agent and workmen, shall be allowed entry to the flat at all reasonable times and on reasonable notice for the purposes of inspection or to carry out any necessary repairs or maintenance. ​ Agreement of terms and conditions Agreement of the above terms and conditions are assumed upon payment of the deposit. No Footer body end html embeds start body end html embeds end 