Make your tropical island holiday dream come true mobile logo sticky header logo Home About Us Madagascar Madagascar Island Getaways Hotels Tour Itineraries Scuba Diving FAQ Madagascar Vanilla Partner Links Madagascar Holiday Packages Réunion Réunion Island Tour Itineraries The High Plains & The Volcano The Cirques Africa Malawi Malawi National Parks Tour Itineraries Lake Malawi Mount Mulanje Videos Blog Contact Us START REVOLUTION SLIDER 5.2.5 fullwidth mode SLIDE MAIN IMAGE LAYERS LAYER NR. 1 Madagascar LAYER NR. 2 Visit this undiscovered adventure destination! LAYER NR. 3 Let us help you plan your ideal holiday in Madagascar LAYER NR. 4 LAYER NR. 5 LAYER NR. 6 Book now! LAYER NR. 7 SLIDE MAIN IMAGE LAYERS LAYER NR. 1 Reunion LAYER NR. 2 Spectacular...intense...dramatic... LAYER NR. 3 Let us help you plan your holiday of an exotic flavour! LAYER NR. 4 LAYER NR. 5 LAYER NR. 6 LAYER NR. 7 Book now! END REVOLUTION SLIDER Home An8m2lT22 2018-05-21T12:07:09+00:00 Make your tropical island holiday dream come true Madagascar ,  Réunion  and  Malawi… Names that conjure up images of deep green forests, colourful and rare birds, languid afternoons spent on spotless sandy beaches, cascades of jewel-coloured flowers, and friendly locals happy to share their world with you. Based in South Africa,  Animaltracks Islandventures  specialises in tropical island holidays, tours and adventures to these and other vibrant destinations on the African continent. Over 15  years’ travel in Madagascar has made us one of the leading tour operators for this region. We will tailor an itinerary for you that incorporates your interests and fits your budget. Expert tour guides are available for specialist activities, such as birding or orchid-spotting, and reliable ground operators at all our destinations will take care of you from arrival to departure. We are here to help you plan your holiday of a lifetime in Madagascar…a destination with a difference Special Offers View Our Special Offers Constance Lodges Tsarabanjina 4*   Duration: 7 Nights 8 Days Sun-Sun Flight Info: AIRLINK Situated in the north-western part of Madagascar, at about 60 km from the port of Nosy-Bé, Tsarabanjina is one of the paradise islets of the Mitsio Archipelago: the Mountain islet, fringed by white sandy beaches with its extraordinary birds, its lush vegetation and ringed around by coral reefs. Sheltered from natural disasters, the region is bathed by sunshine all year round. Tsarabanjina is a sacred islet. On the small peninsula of the eastern beach one can find the tomb of the Sakalava kings of the Mitsio islands – the perfect adventure for your Madagascar beach holiday. 21 Bungalows look out on the sea with private terrace of a surface area of 45m2 each, built from rosewood with a thatched roof. Every bungalow is unique, each one bearing the name of a flower, a tree or a fish. It consists of the main bedroom equipped with fans, minibar, a bathroom with shower and a separate W.C, a private terrace with deck chairs and coffee table. They are built on two beaches: North and South Includes Accommodation on a Fully inclusive basis. Road and boat Transfers. Flights with Airlink Price pps from R 42 140 incl approx. apt taxes valid 31.03.18 30 day advance book and pay discount 30 % on accommodation only Price pps from R 50 450 incl approx. apt taxes valid 01.04.18 to 05.07,18 30 day advance book and pay discount 20 % on accommodation Sakatia Lodge 3* Situated on Sakatia Island is an all-time favourite for South Africans. Scuba Divers and Non-divers. Your hosts Jose and Isabella and their friendly staff work to make your stay as memorable as possible. Sakatia lodge is nestled in a cove framed by golden beaches on one side and the “sacred forest on the other. Friendly and charming are the operative words. The clear ocean and “swimming pool” allows snorkelers to discover the colourful reefs and the opportunity to swim with the turtles. Sakatia lodge consists of 8 Bungalows , 1 family Bungalow and 2 villa’s . Restaurant, small massage area and Free WIFI in the lounging areas. Duration: 7 Nights 8 Days. Flight Info: Airlink Includes: Accommodation on a Dinner bed and breakfast Transfers apt hotel apt Flights with Airlink Please enquire about seasonal specials that may be announced. Price pps sharing from R 16070 including approx. airport taxes. Antoremba Lodge 4* Situated on Madagascar mainland this lodge is superbly position to explore some of the mainland attractions, such as Plantation Millot, as well as having a Robinson Crusoe experience.  Only 7 bungalows directly on the beach.   Open the door and step directly onto the beach with the ocean only a few metres away.  The Lodge offers a wonderful variety of cuisine from Malagasy, to Asian , to French. No Air Con and no Wifi,  Due to the limited number of bungalows advance booking is essential.  Diving, deep sea fishing, snorkelling and other excursions can be booked directly through the Lodge Duration: 7 Nights 8 Days Sun-Sun Flight Info: Airlink Includes: 7 nights’ accommodation on a Fullboard basis. All transfers apt hotel apt Flights with Airlink Price pps sharing from R 19500 including approx. apt taxes.   Hotel Ravinstara Wellness hotel 4* Duration: 7 Nights 8 Days Sun-Sun Flight Info: AIRLINK A Superb Hotel for those that want to get away from the hustle and bustle of life.  Large bungalows with extra king size beds, decorated according to different themes in Madagascar, located in a serene 7 acres of garden surrounded by wetland pools. This hotel specialises in wellness programmes, essential oil massages, health and fitness care. Excursions and activities in and around the island can be arranged with the hotel.  Free WIFI.TV and Aircon.   Includes 7 nights accommodation bed and breakfast. 1 Full Day excursion with lunch 2 Dinners ½ Day spa treatment per person Unlimited access to the fitness centre. All transfers apt hotel apt Flights with Airlink Price pps based on 2 pax sharing from R 22 500 incl approx. apt taxes. Hotel Vanila and Spa 3* Superior Lux for the ultimate Madagascar beach holiday Duration: 7 Nights 8 Days. / 14 Nights 15  Days. Flight Info: Airlink Includes: A wonderful  hotel suitable for families and incentives,  luxurious and traditional  where a warm welcome and a pleasure-packed stay are guaranteed. The rooms are decorated in warm colours and are furnished with fine wood from Madagascar. Rooms are fitted with a satellite TV, air conditioning and tea-and-coffee-making facilities. The rooms have a view of the sea or garden. Vanila Hotel & Spa has an à la carte and buffet restaurant.   Unwind and relax in the spa or enjoy a refreshing swim in the 2  swimming pools which have views of the sea. An number  of activities can also be enjoyed including horse riding, diving, snorkelling and golf at a charge. WIFI only available in the reception areas. This Special Offer Includes Accommodation on a Dinner bed and breakfast basis. 5 Full day excursions with lunch. 1 30min massage per person All transfers apt hotel apt Flights with Airlink Price pps based on 2 pax sharing from R 21 950 including approx. apt taxes. Home La Residence 4* Luxury Self-catering Villa’s  Home La Residence  bed and breakfast, transfers airport hotel airport. Free Wifi; Duration: 7 Nights 8 Days Sun-Sun Flight Info: Airlink Includes: A new style hotel, made up of fifteen high-end villas and five prestigious studios, providing the ideal solution for travelers who wish to escape classical hotel structures and get off the beaten track. Families and groups of friends will both have much to gain from this friendly formula. A strong and innovative concept where luxury is inseparable from responsible and sustainable tourism, The Residence provides the best way to discover Nosy-Be from the inside, in complete freedom, as if from one’s own house. International  flights ex Johannesburg. Price pps based on 4 pax from   R  15820 incl. approx. apt taxes. Price pps based on 2 pax Studio’s from  R 17500 incl approx. apt taxes. All transfers apt hotel apt       MADAGASCAR – NOSY BE – HOTEL VANILLA & SPA  3* SUP Duration: 7 Nights 8 Days Sun-Sun Flight Info: AIRLINK Includes: Accommodation on DBB Basis. Airport transfers International  flights ex Johannesburg. 5 full day excursions including lunch, 1 free massage per person   NEW!!! JAW DROPPING WOW !! SELF CATERING VILLA’S  OR … OR …. AND MORE MADAGASCAR – NOSY BE HOME-LA-RESIDENCE Duration: 7 Nights 8 Days. / 14 Nights 15  Days. Flight Info: Airlink Includes: Accommodation on BB basis. Airport transfers International airfares Ex-Johannesburg. AND MORE MADAGASCAR – NOSY BE – RAVINSTARA WELLNESS HOTEL 4* SUP HONEYMOON PACKAGE Duration: 7 Nights 8 Days Sun-Sun Flight Info: Airlink Includes: Accommodation on DBB basis transfers airport hotel airport International  flights ex Johannesburg.        We also offer a range of special packages, including island hopping, surf safaris, yacht charters and more. View our full list of special holiday packages . Visa’s issued  on arrival in  Madagascar cost approximately euro 28 South African passport holders do not require a Visa for Reunion. All packages advertised are subject to rates of exchange variations, flight and hotel availability. Terms and conditions apply. Parents traveling with children under 18 need unabridged birth certificates EO&E Thanks Fiona McIntosh  for the use of her photographs Note: Airlink have a flight schedule on some selected Wednesdays. So 5 night /6 day packages can also be tailor made to suit Above Madagascar holiday prices are subject to ROE and flights in applicable fare class, flight and hotel availability. For more information contact us at info@animaltracks.co.za Telephone 016 366 1135 Mobile 083 378 938 Tailor-made itineraries to suit you are our speciality Contact us for more information about our Madagascar holiday specials. Book Today! fusion-row #main General Home About Us Videos Blog Contact Us Tours Madagascar Réunion Africa Blog How to Prepare For Your Holiday in Madagascar Chase Away the Winter Blues With a Madagascar Holiday Package! Magical Madagascar – what you can expert during your Madagascar island holiday Contact Us Tel: +27 (0) 11 454-0543 Cell : +27 (0) 83 378 1938 Email:  info@animaltracks.co.za fusion-columns fusion-row fusion-footer-widget-area Copyright Animal Tracks 2016 | Sitemap | Privacy Policy  |  Terms and Conditions | Login Facebook Rss fusion-fusion-copyright-content fusion-row #footer fusion-footer wrapper W3TC-include-js-head Google Code for Specials Conversion Page [if lte IE 8]> <script type="text/javascript" src="http://www.animaltracks.co.za/wp-content/themes/Avada/assets/js/respond.js"></script> <![endif] 