 Home - Altonlea Lodge Guest HouseAltonlea Lodge Guest House UA-33664693-1 Call us: 01429 271289 Pages Navigation Menu Home The Guesthouse Breakfast Garden Rooms Reviews Hartlepool Map Contact Us Book Online Special Requirements Start Slider Wrapper Welcome to Altonlea Lodge Relax and unwind in the garden area, conservatory or by the pond. Perfect in the summer but practical in the winter due to the italian inspired Loggia. Read more... Comfort All rooms in Altonlea Lodge Guest House are designed with comfort in mind. From the guest lounge to the bedroom furnishings all tasteful and comfortable. Read more... Business or pleasure Whatever your reason for staying we will do all we can to make sure your visit is comfortable and memorable Book in now... Peace and solitude when needed Relax and unwind in the garden area, conservatory or by the pond. Perfect in the summer but practical in the winter due to the italian inspired Loggia. Read More Welcome To Altonlea Lodge Guest House A Home From Home Altonlea Lodge Guest House is like a home from home. We have over 30 years experience in the business and we like to greet guests with a friendly smile. Read More Comfortable Surroundings All rooms in Altonlea Lodge Guest House are designed with comfort in mind. From the guest lounge to the bedroom furnishings all tasteful and comfortable. Read More Relax and Unwind Relax and unwind in the garden area, conservatory or by the pond. Perfect in the summer but practical in the winter due to the italian inspired loggia. Read More "Relaxing" I'm delighted I found this place! Charming, calm, very clean, homely, just across the road from miles of beach (you can walk along the sea front a couple of miles to Hartlepool marina), yet on a quiet, rather quaint village green. There is a very relaxing, friendly atmosphere. The owners go out of their way to make you feel at home. I will certainly stay here again. Chris J www.tripadvisor.co.uk You can now check our availability or Book Online? Online Reservations Read our reviews Altonlea Lodge 19 The Green, Seaton Carew, Hartlepool, TS251AT T: 01429 271289 F: 01429454000 Alton © 2017 Altonlea Lodge Guest House 