Venice Hotel with View | Al Ponte Antico Hotel Venice 4 Star | Official Site Hotel Al Ponte Antico - Venice UberMenu [Configuration:main] [Theme Loc:primary] [Integration:auto] Home Who we are begin Tabs: [Tabs] 3606 The Palace The Palace The Al Ponte Antico Hotel in Venice is located in a palace from the 1500's that was the object of a recent and meticulous renovation, preserving style and charm of a typical Venetian residence. Read more About us About us Just lovely My husband and I stayed in this lovely little hotel in early December, on the occasion of our wedding anniversary. We had decided to spend a special night in a Venice hotel overlooking the Grand Canal, and I have to say that we realized our dream! 5/5 TripAdvisor Traveller Read more Photogallery Photogallery A small 4-star residence directly on the Grand Canal and just a few steps from the Ponte di Rialto. Go to the Gallery end Tabs: [Tabs] 3606 Rooms Location begin Tabs: [Tabs] 3943 Location Location The Al Ponte Antico Hotel is located in one of the quietest areas of Venice’s historic center, a couple of steps from the Rialto Bridge. Webcam Webcam Rialto Bridge Venice Italy Only from our terrace, a privileged view of the Grand Canal and the Rialto Bridge. end Tabs: [Tabs] 3943 Offers Reservations begin Tabs: [Tabs] 3617 Reservations Reservations Check prices and availability on line Would you like to immediately check prices and availability or make a booking? Please use our online booking system. If the system does not suit your needs, please contact us by using the request form. Information request Do you prefer to request information via email? Do you have particular needs that our on line booking system cannot satisfy? Fill in the request form and you will receive all the answers you need directly by email! Secure transaction This site uses a secure server for credit card booking confirmations in compliance with the 256 bit Secure Socket Layer (SSL) encryption world standard. Nozio Traveller Nozio Traveller Are you a Nozio Traveller? Nozio Traveller end Tabs: [Tabs] 3617 Information request Book now End UberMenu START REVOLUTION SLIDER 5.0.7 fullscreen mode SLIDE MAIN IMAGE LAYERS LAYER NR. 1 At Rialto LAYER NR. 2 Welcome and thanks for your visit! It is a pleasure for us to introduce the Al Ponte Antico Hotel in Venice, a small 4-star residence facing the Grand Canal, with a splendid view of the Rialto Bridge. LAYER NR. 3 LAYER NR. 4 LAYER NR. 5 Webcam SLIDE MAIN IMAGE LAYERS LAYER NR. 1 Rooms LAYER NR. 2 We are certain that the exceptional location of this palace, its structure and decorations, its rooms and equipment, will satisfy all your expectations. LAYER NR. 3 LAYER NR. 4 SLIDE MAIN IMAGE LAYERS LAYER NR. 1 Who we are LAYER NR. 2 For the moment we only want to tell you that the special quality of our small hotels depends not only on our steady family management but also on the special atmosphere created inside each of our properties and the exclusive customized service they offer. We will be more than happy to show you in your next visit to Venice. LAYER NR. 3 LAYER NR. 4 SLIDE MAIN IMAGE LAYERS LAYER NR. 1 Book LAYER NR. 2 Best rate guaranteed, book directly and save! LAYER NR. 3 Book now LAYER NR. 4 LAYER NR. 5 LAYER NR. 6 Book now END REVOLUTION SLIDER Al Ponte Antico, Venice hotel with View. Hotel Venice 4 Star. Member of Nozio Booking the hotel directly with no extra middleman costs: this is the right choice for economically sustainable, good value, authentic and high-quality tourism. Nozio has selected this hotel because it offers you: · a high-quality Official Website where you can book at good rates due to no extra middleman costs; · great value for money confirmed by the real opinions of guests registered to the Nozio Community. Nozio Traveller Are you a Nozio Traveller? Access the rates reserved for you only > Services Wifi No smoking Certifications Tripadvisor Hotels Combined Partner Peruch Hotels Social Facebook Instagram Hotel Al Ponte Antico ALM@ S.r.l. - Calle dell'Aseo, Cannaregio 5768 - 30131 Venice, Italy | Tel. +39.041.2411944 Fax +39.041.2411828 - VAT 03192900276 - info@alponteantico.com Hotel Al Ponte Antico © 2000-2016 Hotel Marketing by Nozio Business | Cookies/Copyright/IP Policy - Privacy MENU CALL MAP SHARE Book now We use cookies to give you the best experience on our site. By using the website you agree to the use of cookies including third party. Cookies info <a href="#close" id="cn-accept-cookie" class="button bootstrap">x</a> Google Tag Manager (noscript) End Google Tag Manager (noscript) ALM@ S.r.l. -- società unipersonale Cannareggio, 5768 - 30121 Venezia Capitale sociale: euro 20.400,00 i.v. Iscritta al R.I. di Venezia al n. 03192900276 Codice fiscale & Partita IVA: 03192900276 Soggetta a direzione e coordinamento da parte di "HOTEL MONTECARLO S.a.s. di A. Peruch & C." 