AnOceanStorm Bed & Breakfast in Port Hardy, BC Welcome Page FOR RESERVATIONS CALL 1-250-949-9611 or email us     Home   Guest Rooms   Penthouse Suite   Location   Adventure   Reservations   Photogallery   Charter   Contact   end #header Welcome to AnOceanStorm Bed & Breakfast Private Accommodations overlooking scenic Storeys Beach, Port Hardy, B.C   An Ocean Storm B&B will be closed for the 2018 season Leave the world behind you and venture into life on the coast of Northern Vancouver Island Contemporary designed Private Accommodations overlook scenic Storeys Beach, Port Hardy, B.C. A luxurious 5000 sq foot modernized home offers two large elegant, yet casual Ocean View common areas, structured solely for relaxation, tranquility and the hospitality of our guests. Lounge outside on our beautifully accented patio, equipped with propane heaters, tables and chairs . Enjoy breathtaking scenery and listen to the calming sounds of nature. A separate fire pit invites you to partake in true coastal living doing weenie roasts and salmon bakeoffs. A short stroll down the beach path leads you to the sandy shores of one of the best kept secrets on Northern Vancouver Island, Storeys Beach , described as unpopulated and protected, with an abundance of wild and marine life, including black bears, deer, eagles, seals, sea lions, porpoises, dolphins and occasionally view orcas passing through the Queen Charlotte Straight. Our spirits awaken to the arrival of the humpback whales. Gather on the beach, watch their incredible performance and fall asleep to their calming sounds at night. You won't want to miss this, an absolutely amazing event. We thrive on the protection of our natural resources and will be honoured to provide you with all assistance, knowledge, and education in respect to our wildlife. At AN OCEAN STORM Bed & Breakfast we are passionate in providing friendly, high standard Accommodations. All details are covered in making your stay with us the most memorable yet. Your hosts, Michele and Dave have extensive knowledge in the Tourism and Forestry Industries. Michele has had twenty years experience working at high end International Resorts out of Vancouver, B.C. Dave has worked for thirty years as a Manager in the Forestry Industry. With their combined talents and experience they warmly open their door and welcome you all to a dream come true at AN OCEAN STORM Bed & Breakfast . Our spirits awaken to the arrival of the Humpback Whales   An Ocean Storm Bed & Breakfast Check in time 3:00 pm check out time 11:00 am. Prior arrangements can be made for your convenience. Cancellation policy, 48 hrs notice is required. Small pets negotiable, We have two friendly dogs Miss Molly & Tonka. Adult orientated, suitable for children 12 years and older Smoking permitted in convenient outside areas. Year round operation. Parking is available, ample space for boat and RV. Kayak storage available. Boat ramp located on Storey's Beach (tides permitting). Other boat ramps located close by. Kayak launching on Storeys Beach Easy Beach access right behind our house. High Season Rates CLOSED FOR 2018 SEASON (May 1 - Sept 30) ~ based on double occupancy. Queen Room $125.00 cdn. All Prices subject to Taxes King Room $135.00 cdn. All Prices subject to Taxes Penthouse Suite $2000.00 per week (Minimum 1 week stay) Low Season Rates CLOSED FOR 2018 SEASON (Oct 1 - Apr 30) ~ based on double occupancy. Queen Room $100.00 cdn. All Prices subject to Taxes King Room $ 110.00 cdn. All Prices subject to Taxes Penthouse Suite $1500.00 per week (Minimum 1 week stay) ~ Debit Cards ~ ~ Travellers Checks ~ This clearing element should immediately follow the #mainContent div in order to force the #container div to contain all child floats Home | Guest Rooms | Penthouse Suite | Location l Adventure l Reservations l Photogallery | Charter | Contact An Ocean Storm Bed & Breakfast Box 1605, 5885 Beaver Harbour Road, Storeys Beach, Port Hardy, BC Canada V0N 2P0 Phone: 1-250-949-9611 ~ anoceanstormbb@cablerocket.com ~ www.anoceanstormbb.com Copyright© 2009 AnOceanStormBB.com All Rights Reserved.   bed and breakfast, b and b, private rooms, penthouse suite, accommodations, hotel, motel, cabins, Tours, guides, quiet rooms, ocean view, vancouver islands, northern vancouver islands,b & b, b& b, b&b, bedandbreakfast, country inns, ferry, fireplace,guest houses, guesthouse, guesthouses, jacuzzi, hot tub, lodging, pensione, orca, romantic bed and breakfast, seaside rooms, walks on the beach, Port Hardy, Port McNeill, Port Alice, Alert Bay, Sointula, Telegraph Cove, Holberg, Tahsis, Zebellos, Rivers Inlet, Echo Bay, Woss, Nimpkish, Gold River, Bella Bella, Bella Coola, 