Isle of Mull Hotel close header-bg Call: 01681 700505 close tagline close header div Home About Us Ardachy House Food & Drink Guest Book The Isle of Mull Activities Excursions Gallery Videos Online Booking Contact Directions close nav div Single Bedrooms Double / Twin Bedrooms Family Bedrooms Group Accommodation Self Catering close left content Start WOWSlider.com BODY section 2 3 4 6 7 8 9 End WOWSlider.com BODY section close right-content div close content div Ardachy House Hotel - Accommodation on the Isle of Mull Ardachy House Hotel is now under new management! 　 If you have made a booking for 2019, please don't worry, your stay is secured and we look forward to welcoming you next year. We promise to keep everything the same for 2019 (including the rates for you). We will be making some changes and upgrades over the next few years to improve your stay with us.　 Ardachy House Hotel is situated off the west coast of Scotland on the stunning Isle of Mull and is owned and run by Chris & Jo Roberts with the help of our son Alex. We overlook the beautiful Ardalanish Bay with views of the Atlantic Ocean and the Isle of Jura. We are ideally situated for the ferry to Iona and boat trips to Staffa. It is also an ideal venue for exploring Mull. There is plenty to see and do on this fascinating remote Scottish Isle, from mountain walking and biking to sea kayaking and rock climbing. There is plenty of wildlife, castles, beaches and remote moorland and mountains. We recommend you book the perfect hotel accommodation on Mull to base your Inner Hebrides holiday around. Here at Ardachy House Hotel on Mull, there are ensuite rooms to suit all guests including single rooms, double and twin rooms, family rooms (and a bunk room), perfect for families and groups. We also operate self catering accommodation There is a sitting room available for all guests to use, which includes a selection of books and games. We offer breakfast and evening meals in the dining room, using locally sourced ingredients where possible.　 For further details and to discuss your booking please call: 01681 700505 Or book Isle of Mull accommodation online> close central-content div close central-content-text div Book Online Now T: 01681 700505 E: info@ardachy.co.uk close special-content-right div Book Ferry Tickets RET has meant that ferries are now a third of the price and run every hour inpeak season (Two boats are now running instead of one)! But please make sure you book your ferry ticket well in advance to avoid disappointment! Visit: www.calmac.co.uk close central-content-right div close clear div T: 01681 700505 E: info@ardachy.co.uk A: Ardachy House Hotel, Uisken, by Bunessan, Isle of Mull PA67 6DS close contactfoot (C) 2013 Ardachy House Hotel - New Forest B&B close footbar   index accommodation the isle of mull booking   about us single Bedrooms activities book online   guest book double bedrooms excursions contact us   food & drink family bedrooms gallery directions   ardachy house group accommodation videos terms and conditions     weddings   dogs                     close container div close foottag div 