Leisure Bay Apartments · Milnerton Self-Catering Self Catering Accommodation Cape Town · Milnerton Self-Catering   Virtual Tour (Leisure Bay) | Virtual Tour (Lagoon Beach) Facilities | Brochures | Reservations | Milnerton Self Catering Accommodation: Alprop Holiday Apartments at Leisure Bay Milnerton - Located at the edge of the Atlantic Ocean on Milnerton Beach and Milnerton Lagoon, this self catering beach apartment accommodation in Milnerton Cape Town enjoys arguably the best position for any holiday accommodation or for business travel. Just a few minutes away from the city centre and the V&A Waterfront, these Milnerton self catering apartments at Leisure Bay and Lagoon Beach are the perfect place for your Milnerton beach apartment accommodation. Our apartments are all sea- or lagoon-facing with direct access to Milnerton Beach.     With quick, easy access to Cape Town International Airport, the Cape's famous wine routes and cosmopolitan Sea Point, these Cape Town self catering apartments at Leisure Bay Milnerton and Lagoon Beach may be used as an ideal base from which to discover Cape Town. Our central location on the Lagoon Beach waterfront is also convenient for the corporate or business traveller who is visiting nearby Killarney Gardens, Montague Gardens or Paarden Eiland. Our self catering apartment accommodation on the beach at Leisure Bay Apartments and Lagoon Beach Milnerton are privately owned and operated, thus allowing us to offer you affordable self catering in Cape Town. For corporate clients and businesses, we offer excellent corporate rates for business travel to Cape Town at our Milnerton Accommodation .   Feel the cool Atlantic breeze off the beach and soak up the views of Cape Town as you sip your evening cocktails at your self catering apartment  at Leisure Bay or Lagoon Beach Apartments Milnerton. Within 2 minutes walk from Leisure Bay is a Milnerton Wang Thai restaurant, and The Lagoon Beach Hotel  which boasts two restaurants (The Brasserie, and La Mizu) and a beach bar.   Explore Our Site... Virtual Tour Facilities FAQ Brochures Reservations More About Us Tourism Links Contact Us Email :   Bookmark This Site       All content is copyright of Alprop Holdings cc, Cape Town. Any reproduction of content is strictly prohibited Site Initial Release   11 Jan 1998     Site Last Updated  11 November 2018 Leisure Bay :: Milnerton Accommodation Leisure Bay : Alprop Apartments in Cape Town has Received a Travellers' Choice Award for 2018 on Afristay . Leisure Bay : Alprop Apartments is an Afristay Valued Member . 