Alpine Motel , Lodge and Resort - Burkesville, KY ​Alpine Lodge Mammoth Cave National Park has 52,830 acres of forest and rivers. Some of the best hiking trails around. ​ Alpine Lodge Mammoth Cave 1.2 hours from the Alpine ​ The world's longest cave system with over 400 miles of explored caverns, Mammoth is exactly the right name for this attraction. Loads of tours and plenty of nature-loving things to do in the huge National Park System. You don't want to miss this on your vacation. Plan a whole day to enjoy all the wonders of the cave.  Dale Hollow Lake 15 minutes from the Alpine World class fishing, boating, swimming, hiking, trail riding, pontoon rentals, kayaking, picnicking and more are all just a short drive from here. Dale Hollow Lake and Recreation area is a great place to spend your vacation days.  76 Falls 20 minutes from the Alpine A beautiful waterfall that is around 44' high, depending on the level of Lake Cumberland. There are overlooks to view this incredible falls and a nice picnic area as well. A very photographic area and a great place to see some incredible nature.  Big South Fork Scenic Railway 1.4 hours from the Alpine Very interesting old-time train ride through beautiful South Fork Recreation Area, with a stop in an old mining camp. They are now offering romantic night time rides.  Yahoo Falls 1.5 hours from the Alpine At 113 feet, sitting in the Daniel Boon National Forest, Kentucky's tallest water fall is a must see when you come to the Alpine. The falls sit in one of Kentucky's most scenic parks. Rhododendrons, mountain laurels, hemlocks and other flora are abundant in this gorgeous park. There are hiking trails and beautiful picnic areas as well.  Just getting there offers a great scenic drive. Attractions Boating, world class fishing, swimming, marinas, caving, museums, parks, waterfalls, moon bows, forested peaks, scenic drives—all of this and more is only a short drive from the Alpine Lodge atop beautifull Big Hill Mountain. And with an eagle's view of the Cumberland Valley below, the friendliest staff you'll find, great rates, and with our all new georgeous rooms, what better place could you want to stay when you come to play? Check out these Attractions to see what we mean. There are tons of things to see, but most of our guests find the view from the balcony of their room at the Alpine the best of them all. Book a room The Place to Stay When You Come To Play   ​ ​ 700 Hill  Street •  Burkesville, KY 42717  • Phone: 270-864-7100 • Fax: 270-864-5847 Perched majestically atop Big Hill Mountain, overlooking the peaceful Cumberland River Valley, with breathtaking views from every room, sits The Alpine Resort.   The spectacular views will bring you here – top notch service will keep you coming back! Home Rates Visit History Photos Beds Room&Boat View on Mobile 