 Jeffreys Bay Accommodation A1Collection families bb self catering Jeffreys Bay Accommodation A1Collection families bb self catering Menu The Gem - Holiday House A1 Kynaston A1 Bay View Contact Details & Map A1 Tours Online Availability & Bookings Home A1 KYNASTON COLLECTION is located just 3,8  km from Jeffreys bay town centre tranquil sea facing 500m to the surfing beach ,in the beautiful, malaria-free Eastern Cape. LIKE HEAVEN ON EARTH! Escape from crime, the hustle and bustle of the city to a tranquil coastal village of Jeffreys Bay. We offer Bed and Breakfast (B&B) or self catering, Family Friendly Rooms ,accommodation in Jeffreys Bay Eastern Cape South Africa.Experience the panoramic magic of the ocean and wide open beach sea views, Watch the dolphins and whales. Wake up to bird song, Enjoy safe walks along the sea. Sleep with sound of the waves.We pride ourselves on a caring, friendly and personal accommodation environment and make our home.......your home Why J-BAY, This beautiful town of Jeffrey's Bay is situated directly on the Garden Route and is only 75km away from Port Elizabeth Airport.A1 guesthouse makes a good base for trips to Addo Elephant National Park and Tsitsikamma National Park.  A1 is ideally situated an hours drive towards Port Elizabeth on the one side and Tsitsikamma towards Cape Town. The highest bungee jump at Bloukrans bridge is towards Tsitsikamma. We have numerous Game Parks in and around our area. Fantastic Seaview Lion park just 60km towards Port Elizabeth where you can touch the lion cubs. Gate way to the garden route ,Jeffreys Bays is known for it's endless summers and long white sandy beaches filled with an abundance of shells, Jeffrey's Bay is definitely the town for discerning visitors. Our B&B and Self Catering facilities have been awarded Three Star grading by the Tourism Grading Council of South Africa  We offer full  English or  Continental.Appetising breakfasts, freshly prepared and served by us. It is both a pleasure and our privilege to share our home with guests from all over the world and you will feel welcome and quite at home with us. Welcoming corporate clients, families and tourists to A1 is done in such a way as to make the visitor feel right at home. With the view afforded from this small and personal guest house a1 lives up to its name. Jeffrey's Bay  is a town renowned for its 34 km of endless un-spoilt beaches, good angling and the best surfing spots in the world ,shells etc Jeffreys Bay is a popular surf spot its  a Surfer's Paradise.J-bay is known as home of the perfect wave .Super tubes. A1 is the place we turn "passing strangers into lasting friends  .WiFi is free With their wealth of travel industry knowledge, Sharon and Paul  will be happy to make recommendations both locally and further afield within South Africa. They have also established relationships with bed & breakfast properties from Cape Town to Port Elizabeth and will assist you with planning your itinerary as you travel along the Garden Route. © CopyrightA1 Kynaston 2016 | All Rights Reserved | Jeffreys Bay Accommodation A1Collection families bb self catering Resources Website Design and Search Engine Optimisation (SEO) by | Web Hosting by 