Alaska Lakefront Cabin - Home Home Alone with Nature... Guest Comments Bug, Panda & Friends About Us... Contact Alaska Lakefront Cabin Alaska Lakefront Cabin, offered a quiet and private lakefront surroundings. We have only one cabin with a quiet serene setting. ​     Cell Phone: 907-235-8881  call or text           Email:   alaskalakefrontcabin@gmail.com   ​ Mama Moose and her babies visited the yard... ​so did the the many other neighborhood moose.  Guest enjoyed their babies' first swim or a July lesson on "How to Zip Fireweed" or ​just watching them pass through the yard.  4 leaf clover found near the cabin, Thanks... Becky & Brad Baby Moose is learning how to "zip the Fireweed" in the fields by the cabin Momma Moose and her Little Ones... enjoyng an afternoon swim ​Mother Duck shares her ducklings' flight training sessions. With eagles watching, ducklings become great divers. Cranes also fascinate visitors with their dances and flights. and will give their early morning bugle calls! ​ Click on pictures to enlarge... Kitchen Help... microwave, range with oven, toaster, coffee maker, coffee, tea, hot chocolate, sugar and spices... outdoor gas grill... Cabin Reading Corner, we also have a "Readin' Room". There's WIFI, VCR/DVD,. Kitchen View of sitting area and out to the lake Loft Sleeping Area... One Double & One Extra Long Twin Bed Sitting Area with comfortable standard double sofa-bed and wing-back chair. WIFI, TV, ... Early Morning Sunrise through the ten foot windows Enjoy your early morning sunshine at the kitchen counter. in the sitting area or out on the deck. WELCOME! Cabin view from doorway     Cabin Accommodates four comfortably Nightly Rate: $139.00 Double Occupancy $25.00 each Additional Guest Plus... Kenai Borough Has a 3% sales tax ​All you'll need are your groceries... Arrival 2:00 pm, Departure 11:00 am Smoke Free, No Pets on Premise ​  There's lots to see and do on the Kenai Peninsula's "End of the Road"             Photographers' Delight, Hiking Trails & Site Seeing in State & National Parks… ​ Mountains, Glaciers, Rivers, Streams, Flora... Bear Viewing, Bird Watching, Mosquito Tracking, ATV & Horseback Tours, Water Taxi Trips, Kayaking, Fishing with Charters or on the Anchor River with or without guide, Wildlife Viewing... Moose {right outside your window), Eagles, Cranes, Whales, Seals, Otters, Museums, Galleries & Art Shops, Restaurants & Eateries, even "'Midnight" Golfing.... ​ Mystery picture... can you guess what it is? Hike the many Local, State and National trails, enjoy their many surprises. "Land of the Midnight Sun..." Anchor Point's Fireweed Meadows Golf Course Denton checking the crab pots... then the work of measuring the "tanners", to verify the "keepers" Homer is the home port of the Deadliest Catch Crabber... the "TIME BANDIT" Watch for them... Deadliest Catch on Discovery channel. God bless America! " STAND " and Support Our Troops Powered by Create your own unique website with customizable templates. Get Started Alaska Lakefront Cabin 