Alaska Travelers Ketchikan Vacation Rentals & B&B Lodging and extended stay                Area Map & Travel Information   ||  Ketchikan Rental List   ||  Contact Us   ||   Our Policies   Phone: 907.247.7117 Cell: 907.254.2050  Email: info@AlaskaTravelers.com       Alaska Travelers Accommodations, LLC has been assisting travelers with lodging in Ketchikan Alaska since 1999. Why spend time searching for lodging on your own? We listen carefully to your needs and desires then help you choose from our wide variety of carefully selected properties with amenities that fit your needs and rates that stay within your budget. Why use our free service? We offer the largest selection of lodging accommodations in Ketchikan with over 70 listed properties. We have first hand knowledge of each property, and the amenities at each location. We can check availability, compare rates, assist with charter fishing, make reservations and take care of billing all in one easy phone call. Our customers also receive discounts on rental cars. We live in Ketchikan and love our small town. We are happy to work with you to make your trip to Ketchikan perfect. Fishing in Ketchikan is the best. Ketchikan is the "Salmon Capital of the World". For a listing of charter companies go to KetchikanFishing.com NO Booking Fees and NO Cleaning Fees! Vacation Rentals - Cabins - Tree Houses - Bed & Breakfasts - Beach Houses - Extended Stay Lodging Guest Houses Tree Houses Waterfront Houses   Cottages Beach Houses Cabins Refund Policy on Cancellations;   OUR POLICIES RESERVATION DEPOSITS: A 50% deposit from the total reservation is required at the time the reservation is made. Reservations made within the cancellation period require payment in full. We accept VISA or MasterCard only. The deposit is charged to your account on the date of the reservation . PERSONAL CHECKS may be used for the deposit if received within 7 days of making the reservation. A confirmation of your reservation including host's name, address, phone number, date the balance is due, and driving directions are sent to you when your deposit has been received. BALANCE DUE: Your balance is due by personal check or money order in full on the date the cancellation period starts. Reservations for stays of 1 to 10 days require payment in full 30 days before you arrive. Reservations for stays of 11 to 29 days requires payment in full 60 days before you arrive. Reservations for 30 days or more require full payment 90 days before you arrive. If payment for the balance has not been received by the due date it will be charged to your credit card with a 3% late fee. CANCELLATIONS: A change of a reservation that reduces the number of days or number of rooms originally reserved is considered a cancellation. A refund will be issued minus a $150 or 4% service charge (whichever is higher) for cancellations made before the cancellation deadline. Cancellation deadlines vary depending on length of stay. Please notify us immediately if you have to cancel. After the cancellation deadline NO REFUNDS are given unless we can rebook the cancelled days. Reservations for stays of 1 to 10 days require a 30 day notice of cancellation. Reservations for stays of 11 to 29 days require a 60 day notice of cancellation. Reservations for stays of 30 days or more require a 90 day notice of cancellation. We highly recommend that you purchase travel insurance. Contact your local agent for information on insurance to cover your vacation. STANDARD CHECK-IN: arrival time is after 4 p.m. and check out is before 10 a.m.  Without a check-in appointment, we cannot guarantee that your Host will be there to greet you and give you a key! Most Vacation Rentals have key boxes. When your balance is paid you will receive the code to the key box to retrieve your key. Make sure that you know the check-in procedure for the unit you have rented. PROPERTY HOLDS: A property CAN NOT be held without a deposit. A deposit of 50% of the total stay is required to reserve and hold a property. When your deposit is paid your reservation is confirmed . ADDITIONAL INFORMATION: All of our listed properties are non-smoking. Some of the non-smoking properties provide a designated outside area for those that do smoke. Children are welcome in most homes. On some of our properties, due to safety or insurance reasons, there may be some age restrictions. A few of our listed properties will accept well behaved pets with a deposit.   Facebook Badge START Alaska Travelers Accommodations - Vacation Rentals   On Facebook - Please "LIKE" us! Facebook Badge END Memberships... x Professional Association of Innkeepers International x State Chapter - B&B Association of AK x Ketchikan Visitors Bureau x Ketchikan Chamber of Commerce   Start eXTReMe Non Public Tracker Code V3/5 Login: murphy76 Help: https://www.extremetracking.com Installation instructions: Copy and paste this code between the two body tags into the *source* of your pages or in your footer/template. Best is to use a normal text editor such as notepad. End eXTReMe Non Public Tracker Code Area Map & Travel Information   ||  Ketchikan Rental List   ||  Contact Us   ||   Our Policies Copyright  1999-2019  - Alaska Travelers Accommodations, LLC - All Rights Reserved Phone: 907.247.7117 Cell: 907.254.2050  Email: info@AlaskaTravelers.com   Online Since 1999  -  Last update was on webbot bot="Timestamp" S-Type="EDITED" S-Format="%m/%d/%y" startspan 01/14/19 webbot bot="Timestamp" i-checksum="13494" endspan   