Home | Aberdeen Stone Cottage B+B Toggle navigation 231-492-7820 Ã— Contact Us Telephone Number 1 231-492-7820 Book Now Home Rooms Rates Policies | FAQs | About Reviews Attractions Gallery Contact Rooms Rates Policies | FAQs | About Reviews Attractions Gallery Contact A doily free B+B! A real bed & breakfast is the best way to stay Arrival Arrival calendar Departure Departure calendar Guests Guests calendar Book Now From your home base at this truly lovely B&B you can experience Traverse City's wonderful wineries and brewpubs, biking, boating, dining and beaches. Explore distilleries and dunes, trails and tall ships. See you soon! Rooms Learn More Gallery Learn More Attractions Learn More Experience Aberdeen Stone Cottage B+B Hello from Melinda & David -- your resident innkeepers! Our focus is on making you feel right at home, right away. Relax in your romantic private room and bathroom. Savor an innovative, abundant breakfast each morning. We proudly prepare and serve delicious food using locally sourced goods.    Heather Room on the second floor with queen bed, large detached & tiled bathroom with soaker tub.    Thistle Room also on the second floor, has new king bed, detached bathroom with rainwater showerhead & large skylight.    Celtic Garden Room on the first floor has queen bed, en suite bathroom. Access to private walled garden with bubbling fountain and vintage furniture. Click "Book Now" to make your reservation. Or call us! We'd be more than happy to help you with your reservation. (Word to the wise: call or email us directly to get the best possible rate for your stay.) So, who stays at Aberdeen Stone Cottage ? First-time B+B guests, couples celebrating a honeymoon, anniversary or getaway. Visitors to Traverse City for a destination wedding. Sleeping Bear Dune hikers, cyclists, microbrewery and winery enthusiasts. Shoppers, food-lovers, beach-goers, skiers and snow-shoers. You get the picture : The B+B experience at Aberdeen Stone Cottage is sought after by just about every kind of tourist and traveler! See you soon! Melinda & David Learn More Photos A real B+B is the best way to stay See you soon. Arrival Arrival calendar Departure Departure calendar Guests Guests calendar Book Now Named #6 of the 12 Best B+Bs in the USA and Featured in Local News Contact Us Aberdeen Stone Cottage B+B 315 N Elmwood Ave, Traverse City, MI, 49684, United States T 231-492-7820 E aberdeenstonecottage@gmail.com Learn More Aberdeen Stone Cottage B+B 315 N Elmwood Ave, Traverse City, MI, 49684, United States "A doily-free B+B" Rooms Policies | FAQs | About Give Location! Attractions Gallery Social Media Facebook All rights reserved Powered by Canvas 