Agios Gordios, Corfu - A full guide to Agios Gordios Facebook A FULL GUIDE TO AGIOS GORDIOS Menu Home Accommodation Apartments Hotels Agios Gordios Agios Gordios info Gallery Map History Travelling Get directions Bus timetable Flights & Ferries Services Transportation Medication Activities Hiking Water sports Nearby resorts Paleokastritsa Liapades Special offers Discount packages RENTALS Cars Bikes LISTINGS Restaurants/Taverns Markets 360 tour #masthead wp menu here Agios Gordios Apartments Loading… We have two comfortable newbuilt studios,fully furnished with a full equipped kitchen Alexandra From 45€ to 75€ Alexandros apartments in Agios Gordios offer traditional accommodation based in the classic interior & the hospitality from their owners. Alexandros 24-89€ avg/night A 3 bedroom apartment with a large veranda and 3 smaller apartments 50 meters from the beach of Agios Gordios. Ava Villa 50-160€ avg/night The guestrooms are bright and airy ready to offer you a comfortable and relaxing stay. They all include a TV set with satellite channels, air conditioning and a fridge. Dandidis 80-150€ avg/night Enjoy a calm and relaxing summer holiday with us…only 50 meters away from the beach. Dina Studio from 30€/Large Studio from 40€/Apartment from 50€ Dina’s Paradise occupies an area of 2,200 m2 on a picturesque hillside of Agios Gordios with the apartments themselves surrounded by well maintained gardens with flowers and high trees. Dinas Paradise 70-200€ Avg/Night Elena’s is situated a breath away from the beach of Agios Gordios. Both the apartments and the studios are newly built with a modern style located right next to Elena’s popular restaurant. Elenas 50-140€ avg/night In one of the best locations in Corfu, just 200m from Agios Gordios beach, “Lido Paradise” is a newly built complex of five apartments and a private swimming pool. Lido Paradise 80-200€ avg/night Our apartments lie in a peaceful and full of green location, which can transform your vacations to an unforgettable experience. Lido Sofia 35-120€ avg/night Mazis runs since 1981 offering a big number of studios (2,3 persons) to let in an amphitheater position with view to the sea of Agios Gordios. Mazis 35-100€Avg/Night Mires house is situated in an excellent garden a breath away from the beach…promising a wonderful holiday! Mires 35-80€ Avg/night Pelagos apartments offer visitors breathtaking view of one of the most beautiful beaches of Corfu combined with an unforgettable sunset. Pelagos 50-140€ Avg/Night Rolandos apartments are newly built and modern, located ideally in the heart of the village of Agios Gordios with unique view to the evergreen surroundings. Rolandos -€Avg/Night Sabbia apartments are newly built located a few meter away of the beach with views to the green landscapes of Agios gordios and the sea. Sabbia -€Avg/Night Vicky’s apartments offer excellent views to the green landscapes of Agios Gordios, only 450 meters from the large sandy beach with access to a swimming pool with umbrellas and sun beds. Vickys 20-60€ Avg/night The house is in pentati village which is a very quiet place overlooking the sea. Villa Voula 80-130€ avg/night < > Navigation < > .elm-wrapper Agios Gordios information Agios Gordios is situated on the west coast of Corfu in Greece , within good proximity to the I.Kapodistrias airport as Agios Gordios Panormic view well as Corfu Town (roughly 15 km). Buses to both run daily from Agios Gordis and get you into Corfu Town after a 45 minute ride. Set in the middle of Corfu Island, Agios Gordis location is ideal to explore the island by car or bike. There is no taxi rank situated on the resort but there are local taxi drivers who arrange transfers on demand. A ride into Corfu town by taxi will typically cost you around 35 € (From & To the airport). See virtual tour Agios Gordios apartments Agios Gordios apartments built within a green environment giving you the feeling of the nature which surrounds you, being very quiet and peaceful. Most of the apartments are newly built and some of them are luxury or classic, while others offer unique views to the sea or to the mountains. The visitor has a number of options depending from the price & the offered facilities. Most apartments in Agios Gordios are self-catering and offer accommodation up to 4 persons. See apartments Agios Gordios beach The beach of Agios Gordios is a beautiful long sandy beach (about 1.5 km long) which has also private areas for nudists and to those who enjoy privacy. On the busy part of the beach (about 600 meters) you can either opt for relaxation (there are beds and umbrellas for hire) or get a bit more involved. There are boats, canoes and pedallos for hire that offer the opportunity for some explorations. And last but not least, (for the really active) there is a diving center and water sports . Agios Gordios village The small village of Agios Gordios is surrounded by green olive-clad mountains that lead down to a long golden sandy beach with crystal clear water. At the village you can find everything you might need. There are many hotels, apartments, studios, restaurants, bars, shops, supermarkets and all the kind of services. Agios Gordios offers a large number of apartments. The visitor has a number of options depending form the price & the offered facilities. Within 3 Km from Agios Gordios, there are 3 traditional Greek villages (Kato Garouna, Pentati & Sinarades) where you can go by foot through picturesque paths andenjoy the beauty of the nature. Each village has to offer something to its visitor and is definitely worth seeing all of them as well as other Corfu resorts.Beach of Agios Gordios. Corfu island offers a splendid coastal scenery and some excellent secluded beaches like Agios Gordios. On this cosmopolitan island, you’ll be able to combine relaxation with good times and a full nightlife. Corfu is an international tourist centre which can satisfy the demands of the most difficult visitors. Agios Gordios is a unique holiday destination which can satisfy all the budgets and has everything to offer to the in depended travelers and to those who enjoy the Greek beauty and hospitality. This is the reason why Agios Gordis has a big number of repeating visitors and many fans.   .entry-content #post #content #primary .elm-wrapper Top .elm-wrapper COMMENTS DISABLED .elements-area Special offers Get discount packages Advertisements no widget title no widget title Add your buisiness .elements-sidebar-wrap .grid-main .elements-with-sidebar .main-sections #main .elements About Agios Gordios Bliss Agios Gordios bliss site is a full guide to Agios Gordios including a full presentaion of the resort, a realistic 360 virtual tour, accommodation, restaurants, markets, travelling & services information. Bliss Sites Liapades Paleokastritsa Kassiopi Agios Georgios(Pagi) Agios Stefanos Arillas Gouvia Gouvia Marina Agios Gordios Info 360 tour Map Gallery History Services Medication Transportation Travelling Get directions Bus timetable Flights & Ferries Hiking Special Offers Discount packages Rentals Apartments Hotels Cars Bikes Activities Hiking Water sports Home Apartments Cars Bikes Map 360 tour Get directions Add your buisiness © 2008-2019 Agios Gordios, Corfu - GREECE /#footer /#page 