Alaska Creekside Cabins in Palmer, Alaska - Home 907-355-4632 info@alaskacreeksidecabins.com This is a block of text Click Here Menu Home Meet Your Hosts Vacation Cabins Cottonwood Creek Location Wasilla Creek Location Shady Nook Location Amenities Photo Gallery Guest Reviews Things To Do Contact Us Welcome to Alaska Creekside Cabins Located in the beautiful Matanuska Valley only an hour from Anchorage, we offer 3 different waterfront Alaska cabins in Palmer & Wasilla. Image may be subject to copyright Alaska Creekside Cabins has 3  waterfront locations in Palmer and Wasilla.  Our lodgings in Alaska are located on salmon spawning creeks, yet within 7 miles of downtown Palmer or Wasilla. Very conveniently located to all the major conveniences and  attractions in the Matsu Valley. Whether this is your first trip to the great state of Alaska, or you are a returning visitor, Alaska Creekside Cabins is the place to make your memories extra special.  Luxury Cabin Suites in a Tranquil Setting   Each of our cabins has its own private deck which overlooks either Cottonwood Creek or Wasilla Creek. The serene and peaceful settings are perfect for viewing the many different types of water fowl that visit, the salmon swimming upstream, and of course the occasional moose. And while our summers are world famous for the endless daylight, our winters are also a time to consider visiting with the Iditarod, ice fishing and snow machine trails very close by, and the Northern Lights being something you will never forget... Explore Scenic MatSu Valley As locals with knowledge of the community, our objective is to diligently assist you in meeting your vacation goals, while making sure you are as comfortable as possible with your lodging. Whether fishing, hiking, flight-seeing, or even golfing is your activity of desire, the beautiful and scenic MatSu Valley offers them all, & so much more. If you are considering a visit or would just like to have additional information about our date availability, please don't hesitate to call or e-mail us. Contact Us @ info@alaskacreeksidecabins.com Click Here Physical Address/Office: P.O. Box 4356 Palmer, Alaska 99645 USA Mailing Address: PO Box 4356 Palmer, AK 99645 Phone: 907-355-4632 Email: info@alaskacreeksidecabins.com     Home Meet Your Hosts Vacation Cabins Cottonwood Creek Location Wasilla Creek Location Shady Nook Location Amenities Photo Gallery Guest Reviews Things To Do Contact Us Privacy Policy Terms of Use © 2019. All Rights Reserved. Alaska Creekside Cabins Website Design & Reservation Software by ResNexus 