Sorrento coast italy - Hotel Villa Fiorita - Hotel sea view in Sorrento with restaurant header begin Home Rooms Booking Services Location Excursion Sorrento Gallery Contact header close slider slider close   search begin search close Many people have defined this region as the Monte Carlo of Southern Italy. They are not wrong. Sorrento is this and more. Sorrento has in addition to exquisite scenary, a lovely night life, thanks to the many bars and pubs which stay open to late night. Visitors are guaranteed a very special holiday here. Sorrento is strategically placed for those wishing to visit Capri and Positano (about 20 minutes ) Pompei and Ercolano, no more than 30 minutes. In addition, the misterious of the volcano Vesuvio can be esplored after trip of 50 minutes. Amalfi and Ravello are only at 45 minute drive away by car Free Cancellation until 7 days before your arrival date content begin Our Services Free Internet WI FI room Restaurant In our panoramic restaurant we offer the typical Napolitan cuisine. All the dishes are cooked with care and local fresh food. Home made paste, fresh fish, organic tomatoes and vegetables helps to do very good dishes. Panoramic sea view Special Menu 18 eur Open from 19.00 to 22.00 Closed on Monday close room room Free shuttle bus We provide to our guests a free shuttle bus to/from Sorrento, there is a bus every hour and the last coming back in the night is at 11.30pm. From Hotel to Sorrento From Sorrento to Hotel from 7.45 to 11.45 and from 16.15 to 23.15 from 8.00 to 12.00 and from 15.30 to 23.30 close room room Terrace and Solarium On our panoramic terrace you can taste our delicious dishes or you can drink your cocktail. Another terrace is our outdoor solarium and it is a peaceful oasis. Here you can relax and fully enjoy the wonderful view on Sorrento gulf. Open from April to October Open from 8.00 to 23.30 Chairs and tables Free sun beds close room Places to Visit Starting from our hotel you can visit a lot of beautiful locations Amalfi Coast The Amalfi coast is very close from us, in only half hour by car or 45 minutes by bus you can reach Positano, the first beautiful village on the Amalfi coast, but Amalfi, Ravello and the Emerald Grotto are not to far anyway. Pompeii - Ercolaneum The best way to go to Pompeii ruins and Ercolano is our shuttle bus and then the Circumvesuviana train. Using this train you can be in front the Pompeii entrance in only half hour, and Ercolano is just stops after it. Capri Island From the hotel there is a beautiful and cheap excursion to go Capri island, the cost is around 43,00 euro. Otherwise you can use our shuttle bus to go to the center and then in few minutes by walk to the port to take the public boat Vesuvio vulcan To go to the Vesuvio vulcan you have more options: private tour starting from the hotel or after your visit in Pompeii you can take a private tour from Pompeii or again from Ercolano train station take a shuttle to reach the top of the vulcan. content close footer begin About Us Located in a panoramic position, in the middle of an olive grove, on the street between Sorrento and S.Agata to Positano.The structure overlooks one of the most beautiful view of Italy Our Address Sorrento Via Nastro Verde 96 Phone: +39 0818780003 Fax: +39 0818080950 Email: info@albergovillafiorita.com Web: http://www.albergovillafiorita.com Home Rooms Booking Services Location Excursions Sorrento Gallery Contact Codice per accettazione cookie - Inizio Codice per accettazione cookie - Fine 