African Quest Safaris: Handcrafted Experiences | Luxury Travel +254 723 114911 (Mombasa) +254 704154227 (Nairobi) info@africanquest.co.ke Login Login Username Password Forget Password? Do not have an account? Create an Account Sign Up Sign Up After creating an account, you'll be able to track your payment status, track the confirmation and you can also rate the tour after you finished the tour. Username * Password * Confirm Password * First Name * Last Name * Email * Phone * Country * Afghanistan Albania Algeria Andorra Angola Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Brazil Brunei Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cabo Verde Cambodia Cameroon Canada Central African Republic (CAR) Chad Chile China Colombia Comoros Democratic Republic of the Congo Republic of the Congo Costa Rica Cote d'Ivoire Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Fiji Finland France Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Greece Grenada Guatemala Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Honduras Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Kosovo Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macedonia Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Mauritania Mauritius Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Morocco Mozambique Myanmar (Burma) Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria North Korea Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestine Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Poland Portugal Qatar Romania Russia Rwanda Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Vincent and the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Korea South Sudan Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syria Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates (UAE) United Kingdom (UK) United States of America (USA) Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City (Holy See) Venezuela Vietnam Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe * Creating an account means you're okay with our Terms of Service and Privacy Statement . Already a member? Login Home Discover Destinations Kenya Tanzania Uganda Rwanda Experiences Day Tours / Excursions Blog M.I.C.E About Us About AQS Who we are Sustainable Tourism Resource Our Fleet In Kenya In Tanzania Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery Travel Tips for East Africa Guest Review Contact Us +254 723 114911 (Mombasa) +254 704154227 (Nairobi) info@africanquest.co.ke Login Login Username Password Forget Password? Do not have an account? Create an Account Sign Up Sign Up After creating an account, you'll be able to track your payment status, track the confirmation and you can also rate the tour after you finished the tour. Username * Password * Confirm Password * First Name * Last Name * Email * Phone * Country * Afghanistan Albania Algeria Andorra Angola Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Brazil Brunei Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cabo Verde Cambodia Cameroon Canada Central African Republic (CAR) Chad Chile China Colombia Comoros Democratic Republic of the Congo Republic of the Congo Costa Rica Cote d'Ivoire Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Fiji Finland France Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Greece Grenada Guatemala Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Honduras Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Kosovo Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macedonia Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Mauritania Mauritius Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Morocco Mozambique Myanmar (Burma) Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria North Korea Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestine Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Poland Portugal Qatar Romania Russia Rwanda Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Vincent and the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Korea South Sudan Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syria Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates (UAE) United Kingdom (UK) United States of America (USA) Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City (Holy See) Venezuela Vietnam Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe * Creating an account means you're okay with our Terms of Service and Privacy Statement . Already a member? Login Home Discover Destinations Kenya Tanzania Uganda Rwanda Experiences Day Tours / Excursions Blog M.I.C.E About Us About AQS Who we are Sustainable Tourism Resource Our Fleet In Kenya In Tanzania Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery Travel Tips for East Africa Guest Review Contact Us Couture Travel Craft My Holiday Handcrafted Experiences Tailor-made holidays your package can be handcrafted from scratch with you in mind to suit your needs. Our experienced travel experts will make your dream holiday a reality. Quality Service We go the extra mile to ensure quality service every step of your journey. We endeavor to closely monitor client satisfaction and constantly seek new ways to exceed our clients’ expectations. Local expertise See and experience Africa with people who love, appreciate and take pride in the land and its people. With the people who have made it their eternal quest to share the very best of East Africa with the world. You’re in good hands There is always a staff member on call 24/7 and we do our best to respond to emails soon as possible during our regular office hours Know what you want or need help? CRAFT YOUR HOLIDAY SOLO | COUPLES | FAMILIES | GROUPS | EVENTS ENQUIRE NOW>> OR Need inspiration to help you decide? SAMPLE OUR PACKAGES KENYA | TANZANIA | UGANDA | RWANDA SEE OUR SAMPLE ITINERARIES >> Our Videos / View more videos « Prev 1 / 1 Next » SEE HEAR Women on Wanderlust TASTE TOUCH ARRIVE « Prev 1 / 1 Next » Popular Tour Packages / View All Tours MAJESTIC RWANDA GORILLA TREKKING | 10D-9N 0 Uganda- Rwanda Primate Safari | 12D-11N 0 FLY- IN GORILLA SAFARI  NORTH – BUHOMA | 4D-3N 0 GORILLA SAFARI | 4D-3N 0 UGANDA- GREAT APES | 6D-5N 0 Southern Tanzania | 5D-4N 0 Tanzania Odyssey 14D-13N 0 Men of Substance | 4D-3N 0 Popular Destinations / View All Destinations Experience Africa’s Five Senses, Heart and Soul… Our holidays will take you across Kenya , Tanzania , Uganda , and Rwanda . Furthermore, the sights, aromas, sounds, colors, and texture of these great lands will transport you to another world. A world of magic, a world that will never leave you. Kenya 10 tours View all tours Tanzania 5 tours View all tours Uganda 3 tours View all tours Rwanda 3 tours View all tours Browse Tours By Activity Newsletter Just Be Sabbatical Reconnect Safaris Happily Unmarried Adventure Just Fun Fully sustainable packages Women on Wanderlust Men of substance Scenic Safaris Subscribe for updates & promotions Pamper Your Senses See and experience Africa with people who love, appreciate and take pride in the land and its people. With the people who have made it their eternal quest to share the very best of East Africa with the world. African Quest Safaris offers tailored safaris to fit both your budget and dreams. We are well known for the extra mile that we go to, to ensure your safety and comfort. We cover all three East African countries – Kenya, Tanzania and Uganda. Regions rich in their variety of African wildlife. View Our Tours Blog Articles What is the Other Great? May 18, 2018 Promoting awareness of tourism and conservation in rural schools May 18, 2018 Why Visit: Lewa Conservancy, Kenya. May 29, 2018 Cities of East Africa: Nairobi, Kenya November 13, 2018 Testimonials On behalf of Savkur family, I would like to thank you and your wonderful colleagues. All of whom were responsible to make our visit to Kenya for the Safari enjoyable beyond our expectations. Each one of us including our darling grand daughter, Sara, will cherish the fond memories of our trip to Kenya. “ Kishore Savkur. Client We have enjoyed our time with Gabriel. He is a phenomena as a tour guide. I would say our tour would have nothing enjoyable if not for his enthusiasm in showing us game. He has a deep insight for the jungle and an acumen for wildlife, that is enviable. I would always recommend him to many who wish to visit Africa and of course African Quest Safaris. It’s been really enjoyable for us and we hope the remaining two days are as memorable as the initial days. “ Memorable Phenomena Client We just concluded an awesome trip through you to Ol Pajeta, Lake Nakuru and the Masai Mara ! It was a wonderful and unforgettable trip for everyone in our family ! All the arrangements were spot on and there was flexibility to do within that ! Our trip would not have been what it was without our wonderful guide, Gabriel. His humongous amount of knowledge about the country and its culture was the added topping on his huge experience and understanding about animal behaviour. Couple that with a beautiful ability to get our vehicle to the spot which gives us a lovely view to see and photograph the action just made the entire thing perfect ! I am quite glad that we did the road trips and not the flight options between the different places. Of course, that would have been quite expensive but more than that the road trips gave us the great opportunity to observe the countryside and understand Kenya that much more. Gabriel was invaluable here too since our understanding of everything to do with Kenya – its history, the socio-political developments, the culture – was that much more because of all the inputs we got from him. Thanks once again for a brilliant holiday ! “ Ashok Nair Client Why Book With Us? Friendly and Knowledgeable Staff African Quest Safaris began in 1994. we’ve created unforgettable travel experiences in East Africa for thousands of clients from all over the world. That’s down to the quality of our people. Our passionate staff members have extensive and firsthand knowledge of the region. Legitimacy African Quest safaris is a Category A licensed DMC approved by the local authorities. And as members of various travel industry associations, we are held up to a high level of standards and practices. Secure Payment We provide multiple secure payment options to ensure you safety while paying for your unforgettable safari experience. In our bid towards a more sustainable and responsible tourism, African Quest Safaris has taken on the path of Travelife. In November 9, 2017, London. During WTM 2017 African Quest Safaris was awarded Travelife Partner status.  The Award was presented by Nikki White, Director of Destinations & Sustainability at ABTA, and Jeannette Scherpenzeel of CBI.  The award is recognition of African Quest Safaris frontrunner position in sustainability and Corporate Social Responsibility. Head Office African Quest Safaris Ltd. Mezzanine Floor, Palli House Nyerere Avenue, P O Box 99265,Mombasa 80107 Phone: +254-41-222 7052 Mobile: +254-723 114 911 / (0) 722 703 852 E-mail: info@africanquest.co.ke Top Destinations Kenya Tanzania Uganda Rwanda Connect with us Copyright 2019. African Quest Safaris, All Right Reserved We are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website. You can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings . Accept Privacy Overview Strictly Necessary Cookies Powered by GDPR plugin Privacy Overview This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful. Strictly Necessary Cookies Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings. disable If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again. Enable All Save Settings 