Botswana Safaris & Accommodation • African Secrets Skip to content .site-branding Main Menu About Island Safari Lodge Island Mobile Safaris Contact Main Header Container ast-row Main Header Bar #masthead .entry-header African Safaris & Accommodation African Secrets is the bookings and reservations office for the Island Group. We pride ourselves in being able to offer you any accommodations, safaris, activities and destinations available not only within the group, but also other destinations regionally. While Island Safari Lodge and Island Mobile Safaris have an activity desk in Maun, we make their services available for information and reservations from wherever you are in the world. So feel free to make contact with us directly, or with Island Safari Lodge and Island Mobile Safaris for information, travel tips, options available or enquiries. Island Safari Lodge An Oasis in Maun Located on the banks of the Thamalakane River, Island Safari Lodge is a cool and welcoming oasis in the heart of Maun. Shaded under a huge canopy of large trees, the lodge overlooks the river and floodplain beyond. Island Safari Lodge is set on a 300 acre private island reserve, just 10 km from Maun Airport. The protected reserve has several walking trails running through the bush, perfect for a nature walk. Visit the Website Island Mobile Safaris Exciting Mobile Safaris Into the Wild of Botswana Experience a unique mobile safari into the wild places of Botswana. Trek across this beautiful and fascinating country by land and water, witnessing stunning landscapes and wildlife spectacles that will remain with you forever. A mobile safari is the ultimate way to experience the natural grandeur of Botswana. On your journey you’ll encounter true nature as well as the authenticity and rich diversity this fascinating country has to offer. Visit the Website .entry-content .clear #post-## #main #primary ast-container #content Follow African Secrets African Secrets Booking T&C Get the Latest Safari News Please enter a valid email address. Subscribe Something went wrong. Please check your entries and try again. Contact Us enquire@africansecrets.net (+267) 686 0300 isl.reservations Island Safari Lodge Island Mobile Safaris African Secrets Copyright © 2019 African Secrets An Intergise website .ast-row.ast-flex .ast-small-footer-wrap .ast-container .ast-footer-overlay .ast-small-footer #colophon #page 