Travel and Safaris in Southern Africa | African Travel Gateway END GOOGLE ADWORDS REMARKETING TAG Toggle navigation Enquire About us Tours & Safaris Botswana Kenya Mozambique Namibia South Africa Swaziland Tanzania Zambia Zanzibar Zimbabwe Tailor Made FAQ’s Blog Contact us Enquire Now /.container We create African Safaris, Tours & Adventures ... SEO CHANNEL Planning a trip to Africa does not need to be over whelming ... Sound & expert advice on when and where to travel is vital.  African Travel Gateway has been creating and managing African Safaris , holidays and adventures for over 20 years. We compile excellent itineraries that encompass all… Read more African Travel Gateway Planning a trip to Africa does not need to be over whelming ... Sound & expert advice on when and where to travel is vital.  African Travel Gateway has been creating and managing African Safaris , holidays and adventures for over 20 years. We compile excellent itineraries that encompass all travel arrangements including safaris, lodges, hotels, transfers, car hire, flights and activities. Our deep knowledge of travel to Africa, coupled with our extensive experience makes us the tour operator of choice! Travelling with African Travel Gateway assures you of : Experienced and innovative consultants Very competitive rates Financial Protection Full tourism industry insurance compliance Over 20 years of African safari experience On the ground support From luxury train travel in South Africa , to time stopping moments on safari in places like Okavango Delta, Kruger National Park or on a Chobe Houseboat , African Travel Gateway goes above and beyond in preparing the African Holiday of a lifetime! Booking a trip with African Travel Gateway entails the following: 1) We create the itinerary that suits you 2) You agree to our Terms & Conditions 3) We book & confirm the trip in full To start planning your African safari .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) to get the ball rolling! Choose from our country specific safaris Countries Botswana × Botswana Country Information Hotels & Lodges Tours & Safaris Best time to Travel Kenya × Kenya Country Information Hotels & Lodges Tours & Safaris Best time to Travel Mozambique × Mozambique Country Information Hotels & Lodges Tours & Safaris Best time to Travel Namibia × Namibia Country Information Hotels & Lodges Tours & Safaris Best time to Travel South Africa × South Africa Country Information Hotels & Lodges Tours & Safaris Best time to Travel Swaziland × Swaziland Country Information Hotels & Lodges Tours & Safaris Best time to Travel Tanzania × Tanzania Country Information Hotels & Lodges Tours & Safaris Best time to Travel Zambia × Zambia Country Information Hotels & Lodges Tours & Safaris Best time to Travel Zanzibar × Zanzibar Country Information Hotels & Lodges Tours & Safaris Best time to Travel Zimbabwe × Zimbabwe Country Information Hotels & Lodges Tours & Safaris Best time to Travel ?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"? Generator: Adobe Illustrator 18.0.0, SVG Export Plug-In . SVG Version: 6.00 Build 0) File:Southern Sudan Topography Map-sr.svg Best time to travel to Botswana The best time to travel to Botswana is April to October when the days are sunny and not too hot. Evening temperatures drop sharply. During the summer months of November to April, temperatures can rise to over 40 C and there are often thunderstorms in the early afternoons and evenings. At night the temperatures usually drop to around 20 to 25 C. May to October are the winter months and temperatures can reach about 20 C during the day but can drop to as low as 5 C at night. Days normally remain dry, sunny, cool and warm. The winter period ensures a thinning of the vegetation, and this coupled with the need for animals to concentrate on perennial water points makes game viewing easier. The flooding of the Okavango Delta is usually at its height in August. Below is a simple table depicting the average temperatures and rainfall you may expect during your Northern Botswana safari RAINFALL (mm). This varies according to the year and where you are. JAN FEB MAR APR MAY JUNE JUL AUG SEP OCT NOV DEC Range 101 101 51 26 0 0 0 0 0 0 25 76 TEMPERATURE ( Ã‚ÂºC) - These are the average lows and highs   JAN FEB MAR APR MAY JUNE JUL AUG SEP OCT NOV DEC MIN 19 19 18 15 10   06 06 09 14 19 20 20 MAX 33 32 32 30 28   25 26 27 34 38 40 35 Best time to travel to Kenya The best time to go on a Kenya holiday is traditionally July to February. The classic Kenya safari from July to September, as this is when the Mara provides one of nature’s most dramatic spectacles - the annual migration of over a million wildebeest and zebras, teeming from the south to cross the Mara River into the Masai Mara National Reserve. The vegetation that covers the rocks and the wildlife that live there and the overall attractiveness of a climate essentially depend on three major factors: temperature, rainfall and humidity. In Kenya these three factors are controlled by altitude. In general the low areas are very hot and the temperature falls as the land rises. The low areas also tend to have poor rainfall and a dry atmosphere with low humidity. The main exceptions are the coastal strip and the area along the shore of Lake Victoria in the west. Both are hot with high rainfall and high humidity. Best time to travel to Mozambique The weather is tropical to subtropical with the rainy season between November and March. Severe weather conditions include drought and floods.  Climate varies according to area. Inland is cooler than the coast and rainfall higher as the land rises, with most rain between January and March. Hottest and wettest season is October to March. From April to September the coast has warm, mainly dry weather tempered by sea breezes. Best time to travel to Namibia Namibia is an all year round destination but special interest groups should take note of the following: the best birding safaris in Africa are during the summer months because of the greater variety of species to be found. Best botanical months are December to May when the vegetation turns green, and also when most plants are in flower. Peak seasons are July to October and middle season May to June. It is advisable to book your Namibia holiday accommodation well in advance as availability will be at a premium. Best time to travel to South Africa The Best Time to visit South Africa varies as South Africa is essentially a year round destination; however there are some places that represent more popular South Africa travel attractions at certain times. The northern regions are good destinations in the winter months (May to August) as game viewing is at its best and temperatures are very mild (20 to 25 C). It is dry during the winter months, so there is increased visibility through the bush and limited surface water in the bush, hence this time of year being slightly better for game viewing. The Southern regions are summer destinations with low summer rainfall and temperatures reaching 28 to 30 C or higher on beautiful days. Summer is between November to March. It is recommended that you reserve all your South Africa accommodation as far in advance as possible, since availability is at a premium. Best time to travel to Swaziland Swaziland has a subtropical climate with summer temperatures of 15 degrees to 25 degrees Celsius and 5 to 19 degrees Celsius in winter, making Swaziland travel pleasant whatever the season. The rainfall at higher altitudes varies from 1 000 to 1 600mm, while in the lower areas it is between 500 and 600mm. The country’s highest point is Emlembe at 1 862m and the lowest at the Usutu River at 21m. The country has a wide range of habitats and great variations in flora and fauna. Consider, when planning to travel to Swaziland, that the best game-viewing months are in winter (May-August), when the vegetation is less dense, and animals are more easily spotted. Bird watching, however, is best in summer November-April) when the migratory species are home. Best time to travel to Tanzania The classic Tanzania safari from July to September, as this is when the Mara provides one of nature’s most dramatic spectacles, the annual migration of over a million wildebeest and zebra, teeming from the south to cross the Mara River into the Masai Mara National Reserve. The stunning Savannah stretches on forever. In the vast landscape you can see Cheetah the fastest animal in the world, chasing Antelope and Gazelle. In the Mara River hippos bathe, and on the banks, crocodiles sun themselves. This is truly one of the world’s very special places. As East Africa’s plains fade yellow after the summer’s rains, an ancient signal is sent to millions of beast as one, the horizon blurring with the bodies of 1.4 million wildebeest and 200 000 zebra, eland and gazelle, relentlessly tracked by Africa’s great predators. This is the migration - one of the most awe-inspiring sights on earth. The migration has its origin on Tanzania’s southern Serengeti plains, where great herds of wildebeest, zebra and Thomson’s gazelle gather to graze on the rain-ripened grass in January. But by the end of May the depleted plains are unable to sustain them - and an ancient impulse commands them to move. Like iron filings being drawn by a magnet, the great herds sweep north towards the Masai-Mara plains of Kenya. By July the herds have amassed along the swollen Mara River - their final barrier from the short, sweet grasses ahead. With wild eyes, they plunge in to face the crocodiles which await them. Many who struggle through the deadly flotilla are drowned, or else weakened, falling prey to ambushing lions. This is the dramatic life-and-death struggle that travellers have come to see. Between June and October the herds total 1.4 million beasts in the Masai Mara (Kenya). Here the green grass of the Mara-plains nourishes them until the arrival of the November rains, calling them back south again. Back on the rain-sweetened Serengeti grasslands, the pregnant females give birth in spontaneous profusion. The circle of life is completed. Best time to travel to Zambia Zambia has a moderate climate due to its elevation, even though it lies well into the tropics. November to March is the rainy season. April to July - dry, warm days with cold nights. August to October - hot and dry. Best time to travel to Zanzibar Zanzibar enjoys a tropical climate, the cooler season being July- October when the average temperature is 26 degrees Centigrade. This is the most appropriate time to visit the Spice Islands when holiday travel is pleasant. Short rains usually come in November when the average temperature is in the range of 28 degrees Centigrade all the way to about March when the long rain sets in. The best time to visit Zanzibar is between July and March when Zanzibar travel is most comfortable. November can be very humid and has short rain showers that last for a few minutes on some days. Otherwise the weather is consistently warm to hot and the air quite humid, although the more luxurious Zanzibar hotels have air-conditioning. Best time to travel to Zimbabwe Zimbabwe is an all year round destination, but for special interest groups such as high adventure enthusiasts, white water rafting is most exciting when the Zambezi waters are low, which is generally from August to December. Best botanical months to visit the famous Vumba Botanical Gardens are Dec - May when the vegetation is lush and green, also when most plants are in flower. Bear this in mind when planning your Zimbabwe holiday. Summer is from October to April. Days are hot and generally sunny in the morning with possible afternoon thunder storms. Day temperatures reach about 30C and night temperatures drop to 14 degrees Centigrade – 16 degrees Centigrade. It can also be considerably warmer all year round in the low-lying areas such as Kariba, Victoria Falls, and Zambezi Valley. The rainy season is from November to March, although the Eastern Highlands are damp for most of the year. Winter is from May to September, days are dry, sunny and cool to warm (20 degrees Centigrade) while evening temperatures drop sharply (5 degrees Centigrade). Exceptionally cold spells can occur so it is recommended to bring appropriate clothing on your Zimbabwe holiday, just in case. In Zimbabwe the seasons are opposite to those in the northern hemisphere. Summer is at its hottest over Christmas, while winter lasts from May to August. It is considerably warmer in low-lying areas such as Kariba, Victoria Falls, Hwange, Gonarezhou and the Zambezi Valley. Winter days are generally dry and sunny with temperatures averaging 15-20 degrees Centigrade. In summer, temperatures range from 25-30 degrees Centigrade during the day. The hottest month is October when temperatures often exceed 32 degrees Centigrade. The sun can be very harsh and it is advisable to wear a hat and sunblock. The rainy season runs from November to March. Be sure to take this into account when planning your Zimbabwe tour . Safari Experiences Luxury Train Travel South Africa Read more Honeymoons in Africa Read more Wild Flower Tours of South Africa Read more Walking Safaris Read more Special interests Read more Chobe Houseboats Read more Overland Adventures Read more Horse Back Safaris Read more Kariba Houseboats Read more Hot Air Ballooning Read more Golfing Destinations Read more Kilimanjaro Read more Specials See our Safari Specials Whats new 7 Day Mozambique Beach Package Safari Add on Our Brochure Click to download Client Reviews South Africa Trip – Booked via African Travel Gateway My husband and myself along with two of our cousins planned our trip to South Africa through African Travel Gateway. We arrived into Cape town where our very friendly driver was waiting to meet us. After helping us with the bags to the vehicle, he then gave us some information about Cape Town whilst enroute to our hotel. The Commodore hotel was beautiful. Very well situated near the water front, it was comfortable, homely with a super breakfast and just perfect. We spent 2 nights here. We had hired a jeep which arrived on… De Zoysa - Review on South African Tour Read more Dear Lize, I finally have caught up here a little after being away from work for so long so I have a chance to tell you what a wonderful time we had on our vacation.  Everything you planned for us was exactly as promised.  The guides were so friendly and knowledgeable and we learned so much about your country and it’s history from them. They were prompt and courteous and went out of their way to tailor the days to our needs. The hotels were beautiful and the Game Lodge was fantastic. We only wish we had more time to spend over there but I am sure we will return in the future. You… Alan Goldman - South Africa Vacation Read more Dear Petru, We have completed our journey and I thought I would put pen to paper and comment about our Kiboko trip and places visited in Kruger. Our arrival in Johannesburg Airport was not what we expected with two international flights arriving together and only two immigration personnel on the counter. After nearly 2 hours we just made the connecting flight to Capetown where our transfer and welcome were excellent. On arrival at ‘Portswood Hotel’ we opened our window and under it flew a red winged starling who then perched on the frame and proceeded to serenade us for 5-10… Albert Aanensen - South Africa Tour Review Read more Dear Anna-Lee I want to thank you for all you did for us. The journey was absolutely perfect on all aspects! We had some very good time with the walking safaris, the staff of Notten’s bush lodge was lovely and the activities around Cape Town were amazing. My proposal went absolutely well. Our room had been prepared with flowers, chocolates, strawberries, some sparkling wine and a nice warm bath. Really romantic! Thanks a lot. Alex Cheboux & Jennifer Crochemore - South Africa Tour Read more Hello Lize, Sorry it has taken me so long to get back to you regarding our trip. I would like to say a HUGE thanks to you for everything regarding our trip especially regarding the last minute changes we had to make. We were extremely happy with everything especially the game lodges! We are considering taking our family over in 2014 and will definately be going through African Travel Gateway again. Thank you, Alex Odgers - Cape Town & Safari Read more ... Steven and I took our trip in April 2013. Anna Lee was absolutely wonderful to work with. I must say, I had hesitation working with a company so far away from home and one that I didn’t know anything about. After much research on the Internet though, and contacting many different travel agencies, I decided to go with African Travel Gateway. The reason why was because of how quickly Anna Lee responded to me and her openness to suggesting what she felt would be the best for my husband and I. Anna Lee planned our trip from Johannesburg to Victoria Falls and Botswana. Words can’t… Alison & Steven Phillips - Botswana & Zimbabwe (April 2013) Read more Dear Anna-Lee we are now back at home in England and just wanted to say a huge Thank-you to you and your team. We had a wonderful holiday everything fitted together very smoothly and you showed us marvellous contrasts between wild life mountains and spectacular coasts. All the accomadadation was excellent as were the travels arrangements. I especially want to thank-you for arranging my birthday cake, card and flowers and the singing of happy birthday when we arrived in the Breakfast room in cape on my Birthday, It was a lovely surprise. You will be pleased to know that we saw the… Alison White - Southern African Tour Read more Hi Cindy! Just wanted to say thank you for helping us to plan and organize an amazing trip. Everything went exactly as outlined on the itinerary and we felt well taken care of at all times. We enjoyed each and every day and were sad to have to return home. It was all that we had hoped our honeymoon would be and more, so thank you!!! We hope to be able to return to Africa again sometime and would not hesitate to use African Travel Gateway! We will also be sure to recommend you to anyone looking to travel in South Africa! With sincere gratitude, Amy & Scott… Amy & Scott - Honeymoon in South Africa Read more Comments on our South African holiday - 13 February to 12 March 2012 It was an excellent holiday, well planned and arranged. West Lodge, Graskop: Very well appointed B&B, though the Garden Room was somewhat noisy, due to traffic, and only one very mediocre restaurant in town was open the night we visited. Umlani Bush Camp: Delightful location and very well run.  We enjoyed the thatched huts with al fresco showers, and the lack of electricity gave it an authentic touch.  The guides were excellent and good communicators, and the centre seemed well managed. We were very fortunate with… Andrew & Sue Coomer - South African Holiday Read more Dear Cindy, I would have liked to write to you earlier but since our return to the US from the honeymoon things have been very hectic at work! Diego and I wanted to thank you for organizing such a beautiful trip for us. We had a wonderful and unforgettable African honeymoon and everything went very well. Thanks again for your help and professionalism. Best regards, Angelita Baeyens - African Honeymoon Read more Dear Mr Wilson I am writing to you to say how impressed I have been with one of your employees Lize Enderstein who has delivered a first class, professional service to us. Lize has spent the past 10 days , tirelessly working on perfecting our South Africa experience at very short notice. Nothing has been too much trouble for her and she is a credit to your business. I don’t often write to employers when I experience good customer service but I felt that she deserved some recommendation and recognition. Please let her know that we appreciate all her hard work and we will let her… Anita Keal - Southern Africa Honeymoon Read more Hello Lize Just letting you know that we have just returned from our trip away and the Africa itinerary you prepared for us was amazing. We loved it so much that we are planning to go back as soon as possible so we will be in touch so that you can help us plan our next adventure. Thank you so much for an awesome holiday. Best regards Anita and Steven… Anita Keal - Southern African Itinerary Read more Dear Anna-Lea, I must say a different time of the year might have proved Victoria Falls to be far more spectacular.  It was, despite the reduced visibility, still amazing.  I took the shower-cap from the lodge as I found its label very amusing.  With the name Victoria Falls Shower Cap, I was thinking it might have been helpful while we were getting completely soaked on our tour of the Falls.  It puts a smile on my face as I think some enterprising person could sell those on-line and might be well rewarded for the effort. The hotel and the African tour company were very nice,… Ann Margaret Ulrich - Victoria Falls Package Read more Dear Cindy, I just would like to thank you again for arranging the wonderful Tanzania safari we had last week! We saw the big 5 again, two leopards hanging in a tree from very close and a cheetah for 50 m. distance crossing the road at the back of our jeep, many lions with cubs, three tree climbing lions hanging in different trees, hyena with cubs, 4 black rhinos and of course thousands of wildebeest crossing the Grumeti River full of crocodiles. The Serena Lodges and Hotels were really fantastic with beautiful rooms and delicious buffets. We really had a unforgetable time! Best… Annabelle and Mike Otten - Tanzania Safari Read more Dear Petru, Sincerely want to thank you for arranging such adventure journey for us, I was truly amazed by your professional attentive booking service. We enjoyed every moment throughout the journey, especially on Zambezi Queen, the river game was a different kind of Africa experience, it was an eye-opening experienced to see schools of Elephants swam across the river!! It made our jaws drop! Love the luxurious Khwai River Lodge over-looking the river with tonnes of Hippos, elephants…etc! In addition, guides were knowledgeable and helpful. Thank you once again, we are already… April & Peter Mon - Zambezi Queen Read more Petru, We hope you had a happy holidays and are finally getting around to writing a review. Thank you again for working the Avis issue, we got reimbursed with your help. We highly recommend African Travel Gateway, our contact was very responsive and quick to respond and get us the vacation of our dreams. We started with an idea of places we wanted to see over the course of three weeks and she accommodated these, gave suggestions and was just excellent on where we stayed and how to get there! We toured the garden route, Victoria Falls and Kruger.  We saw the big five in Sabi Sands… Ashley & Phil - South Africa Honeymoon Review Read more Hi Anna-Lee, We had a fantastic tour. Everything was great; from the hotels, to the tour guides, the air travel arrangements, food, and wine, just everything! You did a tremendous job organizing it for us and we will definitely come back to Southern Africa. Many Thanks and Regards, Beatriz Niemeyer - All Round Southern African Safari Read more Dear Sue Our great African adventure was stupendous.  Everything went off without any problems.  Every connection was made on time.  There was absolutely no stress .  It was a wonderful and successful trip. Sandra and I truly had a great time.  My evaluation of the trip is an unqualified excellent. Even our Cape Town weather debacle was rescued and alternatives were found to keep us busy.  Of course, we were disappointed not to keep to the itinerary,but one can plan for just about everything on a trip EXCEPT THE WEATHER !!!!! I hope this photo goes through. It is the last photo… Bergen Party - Cape Town & Victoria Falls Trip Read more Dear Cindy Just a note to let you know that our “Tanzanian Northern Circuit” safari was wonderful. Everything about it worked like clockwork – from the connections at the airport, the hotels/lodges and their accommodation and food, the guide Mike and his land cruiser, and of course, the wonderful animals! There wasn’t a hitch and the standard of accommodation was beyond our expectations. Many thanks for putting it all together. We will certainly recommend you and use you again ourselves. Regards, Bernard & Teresa… Bernard & Teresa Brindle - Tanzania Northern Circuit Safari Read more Anna-Lee We have just returned from what was the vacation of a lifetime!  All of the travel arrangements you and your team provided for us were great.  The transfer arrangements were superb… 100% on time with quality vehicles and drivers… in many cases tour guides as well!  The range of hotels and safari camps was a perfect fit for us in terms of price and quality.  All arranged flights went off well with tranfers always waiting at the next stop for us.  We would certainly recommend your Company for any future guests to Africa. Regards, Bill Huff Houston… Bill Huff - Tailormade Southern Africa Safari Read more Hi Ms Botha I a/k/a Cindy and Ms Botha II a/k/a Anna-Lee We have returned home from our odyssey to South Africa, Zimbabwe and Botswana.  Since we are senior citizens, it will probably take a few days to unscramble our brains from the long trip and time change. The trip far exceded our expectations for which we express our sincere appreciation to you for arranging the itinerary.  We rated the trip as excellent plus.  The places we went, the things we saw, the accomodations, the people we met and our guides were all excellent.  At Chobe we saw every type of animal and bird in the park… Bob & Barbara Wheeler - Southern Africa Safari (senior citizens) Read more Dear Petru, Just wanted to take a moment to say thanks for all your efforts in putting together our wonderful visit to Victoria Falls.  Janice and I thoroughly enjoyed everything—the Africa Rock Hotel (accommodations, food, transfers); the Victoria Falls Safari Club (accommodations, food, views, transfers); guided tour of the falls and visit to Mr. Empala’s village; sunset cruise; and the Boma dinner.  We added a helicopter tour of the falls as well.  The weather, lodging, food, tours, and people we met were all outstanding. We had such a super time on our safari in Kenya we thought… Bob & Janice Chadwick - Victoria Falls Trip Review Read more Cathy Our trip was perfectly planned and we felt the care and professionalism that you so skillfully organized to make it so special.  Please know that we couldn’t have chosen a better company to deal with than African Travel Gateway. You were wonderful throughout. I will send another thank you shortly. Thanks much!!!!!! Brenda… Brenda Austin - Safari & Victoria Falls Tour Review Read more Dear Cathy: Please be advised that Patricia Martin and I sincerely appreciate your tireless ef forts to make our visit to South Africa a most memorable one.  We both agree that our most recent trip to South Africa has been our best holiday yet.  We have traveled to 5 continents and South Africa is now at the top of the list. I know this is in part because of you and your ear to listen to our wants and needs while in your beautiful country.  Your employer is very fortunate to have you on staff.  We really appreciate your responding to our every request.  You gave us many choices to… Brenda Austin - Southern Africa Tour Read more Everything went like clockwork - no problems with the flights, drives, etc. We enjoyed Chobe the most - excellent service and positive energy from the female management and staff - as I understand it’s a bit of experiment in “ladies” running a camp. Also this was by far the most luxurious. Great game drives too and spectacular sightings. The two Okavango camps were also absolutely fine, though less luxurious than we expected (I think word of mouth about Okavango camps in general is overblown) though when one considers the standard and the all-in concept, we were still satisfied.… Brian Gross - Botswana Safari Read more Anna-Lee.  I have to thank you for arranging such a wonderful trip for us. You had such a good concept of the itinerary, given the number of days we had. It was a very nice mix of highlights and appropriate amount of driving time. Shamwari was the highlight. Our ranger, Jan, was fantastic, and I would recommend that you request him for future client bookings. We saw all of the Big Five (including both white and black rhinos) plus hippos and cheetahs, all in a single day. I much appreciated your super responsive service at every step, and I would certainly recommend you to anyone… Bruce Berger - Shamwari Review Read more Hi Cindy A quick email from Cape Town about an hour before we embark on the QM2 – we want to thank you for the package you put together for us – it was sensational and everything went like clockwork – well done and have no doubt we will be returning and will use your fabulous services again and also recommend you to all our friends. We loved the Africa you presented to us. Cheers Carolyn and… Carolyn & Tim Healey - Kapama and Victoria Falls Read more Good morning Cathy, Just to let you know that we have all arrived home safely after our wonderful journey in South Africa and Madagascar. I want first of all to thank you for putting together a tour that perfectly followed the brief that I gave you.  The tour was seamless and Lois and I have arrived home on a high knowing that none of our friends were disappointed with any part of the tour. The Rovos train was a great experience and equally as good as the Blue Train. We were delayed because of the derailment outside Kimberly but were looked after superbly.  Due to the train being… Chris Roycroft - Southern Africa & Madagascar Tour Read more Hi Cindy, Just want to say thank you to you & Howard for helping with the arrangement. The pick-up & meet-up by your respective agent at Victoria Falls, Botswana & Johannesburg was on-time and as per arrangement. My wife & me had a great time & lovely memories of this trip. Many thanks again & best regards, Chung Koi… Chung Koi Huing - Victoria Falls & Botswana Safari Read more Oh my god Petru, amazing travels, thank you so much for helping us organise!! Hopefully be in touch to get my dad organised next. Cheers Claire Lonzi ***** Good Morning Petru, Quick email to let you know that we have finished our safari holiday and to send our thanks. It has been the experience of a life time. Everything went very smoothly due to your great planning and organisation. If anyone asks for advice regarding safaris I would heartily recommend you and African Travel Gateway. Thanks once again. Kind Regards Gillian… Claire Lonzi - Zambia Safari Read more Dear Petru, Very many thanks for all your arrangements. All was smooth. Johannesburg guide was very talkative and cautious, but it was very special going to Soweto on the anniversary of the Soweto uprising. The whole place was buzzing. Falcon in Zimbabwe were very professional and we did the helicopter trip through them, and very good it was too. The Victoria Falls Safari Club was grand, but if I ever return I will try for the Victoria Falls Hotel! The guide for the village tour and the Falls walk was again talkative and opinionated, but pleasant enough. The booze cruise was… Corbet - Victoria Falls Safari Club and Elephant Valley Lodge Read more Anna-Lee Botha, we love you!  We are back from our safari, and despite our many fears going into this, and our hundred emails back and forth, I am home and we are THRILLED with our experience!.  Predators safari was everything it was promised to be and more, and we are just delighted.  It was more than we could have dreamed and we wanted to thank you for a trip-of-a-lifetime!!!  Thank you so very much for answering all of our questions and reassuring us along the way.  The hotels were lovely, the views were stunning, the animals were magnificent and Felix and James from Predators were… Dana and Donald Kalinowski - East Africa Safari Review Read more Hi Cathy, I just wanted to send you a quick email to say ‘thanks’ for the wonderful job you did with booking our trip. We had a wonderful experience in Zimbabwe and Botswana. It was so simple knowing that you had taken care of everything. The whole trip went off without a hitch. Thanks again, the 3 of us had a great time with many wonderful memories. I will not hesitate to recommend African Travel Gateway to other people for any trips they are planning. Cheers Daniel Groves - Zimbabwe & Botswana Review Read more Hi Cindy, Just a quick note to let you know that our holiday in South Africa was fantastic and the two parts that you organised were highlights of the trip. The day trip to see Johannesburg and Soweto we thoroughly enjoyed and our guide was tremendous, being picked up and dropped off at our accommodation was really appreciated. Then the 5 day (Kruger Park) trip was incredible. The 8 of us all became very good friends and we must especially thank our Guide and Driver , Thokozani Mdluli , without him it would have not been such a success. The hotels, food and organisation we could… Dennis and Fiona Hurren - Kruger Park & Soweto Tour Read more Our trip is now completed and we are back in Singapore. We had a wonderful trip that exceeded our expectations in all respect. You did an absolutely outstanding job in selecting locations and making the transits from location to location work without any issues. The Lodges you had choosen held very high standards and provided excemplary service, food and intineraries. Thank you very much, you will get our absolute recommendation. Kind regards Bjørn-Tore Dischington and Åse… Dischington - Botswana & Vic Falls Package Read more Hi Cindy, Just to let you know how much we enjoyed our trip to Africa. Everything went really well – we survived Zimbabwe customs! but loved the Safari Lodge – one of our party said it was the best hotel they had every stayed in, I got an upgrade to a suite which as very nice! Our guide Brian was fantastic – intelligent and trustworthy. We loved the Hide at Hwange. Instead of 3 doubles they had us booked into a variety of rooms, some with outside showers, some baths and one without but when I asked for one couple to be moved, they fell over backwards to accommodate us, much… Doona Henson - Victoria Falls & Hwange Safari Read more Hi Cathy, We are home and slowly recovering from jet lag.  The trip was fantastic.  Everything exceeded our expectations.  Shindzela was exactly what we were hoping for.  The African Rock Hotel was the perfect respite after the long days and long drive. Every reservation, every meet-and-greet went off without a hitch.  We had so many wonderful experiences that we both agreed this was our best trip ever. Must mention that the staff at the Cape Town Hollow were very helpful.  They got us into our room pronto with cold drink in hand.  We had been traveling for 3 days and looked it, so… Edward & Pamela Brown - South Africa Trip Review Read more Hi Anna, We came back in Italy in these days and I inform you only that everything in Namibia was perfect. Thank you and, in case, I’ll contact you for the next August .… Ezio Copetti - Namibia Self Drive Tour Read more Lize, I very much wish to comment on my trip! First, the trip far exceeded my expectations. All accommodations were First Class, schedule coordination and transportation perfect, activities well planned and both educational as well as entertaining. Private car with knowledgeable guide to tour Cape Town was a good way to end the trip. But the heart of the trip, what made it exceptional, was not the safaris, the food, the animals or standard of accommodations; but the people.  Victoria Falls Safari Lodge and Botswana Safari Lodges, their staff and guides, provided exceptional care and… Flavius George - Southern Africa Adventure Read more Hi Cathy Let us start by saying that we enjoyed every minute!  It was a marvelous experience and we are still talking about it and reliving special moments. ARRIVAL IN JO’BURG— Our flight arrived late (about 8:30 pm), but the nice driver from Safari Club was there to meet us.  Safari Club was convenient and comfortable.  Basic amenities, but perfect for our overnight stay close to the airport.  Off to Cape Town the next morning. CAPE TOWN— What a lovely city you live in.  It lives up to its reputation as one of the most beautiful settings for a city in the world. As we mentioned… Fran & Brooke Reidelberger - Comprehensive Review on Southern Africa Tour Read more Hello Anna-Lee, The main chores are done and I can take the time to give you my feed-back. First, as I told you earlier the synchronization of all the flights and transfers in between the camps was perfect. everybody was on time and ready to help. Kasaka River Lodge The localization was very good, the size perfect, small and personal, and the people very nice. We were lucky the camp was not busy and we had our own guide, Morrat,  a pleasant and good guide. We enjoyed very much the mix of cruise and drive safaris and discovered the “sundowners”. Puku Ridge Camp Well situated, with… France Gabet - Southern Africa Safari Feedback Read more Hi Lize Sorry we have been so slack since returning from a fabulous holiday. We had no issues or holdups and thank you for the first class organisation and co-ordination. Our guides were all first class and the camps, staff excellent. Flights were great. Mala Mala. Very good and a great place to start. Bush bashing at its best, great variety and lots of fun. You were right - it is better than Chitwa Chitwa, Everything up close. They even gave Ann had a pre birthday party. Mashatu. Animals and guides wonderful. Only criticism was the time between game drives as there wasn’t a much… Geoff & Ann Kaye - Africa Trip Review Read more Hi Lize Short answer – a superb holiday; organisation impeccable, game viewing excellent and varied, accommodation luxurious. Food abundant, varied and really nice. Staff extremely pleasant and were always there for us. All but one of our guides were great and the other was still good but a little tired. OR Tambo very welcome and pleasant. Royal Tree Lodge inviting and a nice place for a stopover. Some game inside the enclosure and nice walks. Xigera was excellent. Most viewing from the river but worthwhile dry land activity as well. Selinda was the most varied of all camps.… Geoff, Ann, Jan and Gary - Southern Africa Safari Read more Hi Anna-Lee, Wanted to send you a note to say thank you very much for planning such a great vacation for me and my wife. We had an amazing time in your beautiful country. Everything was scheduled perfectly and everyone treated us extremely nice. And as you said, Sabi Sabi Selati Camp was absolutely perfect for us - the staff was always looking after us and the game drives were the cherry on top of the cake. I am really running out of words to describe this wonderful experience. Let me give you some quick words on each place as it may help you when planning trips for other guests in… Giovanni Patuzzo - South Africa Tour Review Read more Hi Howard Just a quick note of thanks for the self-drive tour of South Africa, that you put together for Michelle, Jamie and I. We all thoroughly enjoyed the whole experience although Kapama must stand out as being the highlight. The game drives are quite fantastic and were made really special for Jamie, who through a very convoluted set of circumstances which I won’t go into, got to ride up front with the guide for all of them. We also managed, on our 3 forays into Kruger, to see all of the big 5, but the leopard was only a fleeting glimpse, spoiled by an intrusive 4x4, but not… Gordon Hart - South Africa Self Drive Tour Read more Cindy, We have just arrived back home.  Thanks again for all your organisation of our safari. Accommodation continued to be exceptional.  We stayed in the Treehouse at Delta Camp in Botswana - incredible with the elephants and hippos in the water right below us. The only minor comment we have was about the tours at Victoria Falls.  Tricia was keen to ride on an elephant, and we took the Elephant Experience the afternoon we arrived.  Three tours the next day was crowded.  Individually they were all great, especially the village visit where we were shown around by a very impressive… Ian Waters - Victoria Falls & Botswana Safari Read more Hello Petru, I’ve been recovering from a cold and getting back to normal routine. Just wanted to tell you how fantastic our trip was. It is one thing to see captive animals but quite another to see them in their natural habitat…thrilling! I was very pleased with game lodges we stayed at…it was great to experience the different lodges each with their own unique personalities along with the people who run them. Elandela and Kana Kara were highly enjoyable, but the place I would return to is Muchenje…Robert and Joy were delightful warm funny and made us feel so included and… Jan Donofrio - SA and Botswana Tour Review Read more Anna-Lee Sorry that it has taken me so long to respond to your last e-mail, but life has a habit of getting in the way of our good intentions to be prompt. I want to thank you and all the many people that were involved in the arranging and providing of services for my trip to South Africa. This was truly a trip of a lifetime that exceeded my expectations, with the efficiency and quality of the venues that were booked for me. I know I was travelling solo, but the openness of my guides and the fact that it felt like a girl trip on the longer tours made my tour even more remarkable.… Jan Hughes - South Africa Luxury Safari Read more Anna-Lee, Our South African vacation was WONDERFUL!!! I enjoyed every aspect of every day! We saw so much and were treated very well.  We had outstanding tour guides who shared a great amount of historical background with us.  It truly was an amazing adventure for me.  I honestly felt that everything we did was interesting. My sincere thanks for all your help with our South African and Victoria Falls vacation. Sincerely, Janice Deli - South African & Victoria Falls Vacation Read more Hi Anna-Lee A quick note to say:  THANK YOU for all of your efforts in preparing our holiday.  Our time was Amazing.  The people outstanding, the scenery magnificent, the animals awe-inspiring and the food and wine were superb. Everything was absolutely seamless, thanks to you!  Not one hiccup, anywhere, anytime. Nomad Tours was awesome - thoroughly recommend the accommodated tour. Your direction for Thornybush was perfect.  African Rock Hotel in Jo’burg was unexpectedly fantastic. Our transfers were on time, everytime. And, our flights went without a hitch - bonus upgrade from Vic… Jason & Lisa Gregory - African Overland Tour Read more Dear Howard, We are safely back from our Tanzanian Safari to find England under 15cm of snow! Leopard Tours were really efficient, the drivers were friendly and always on time. In Sand Rivers we were upgraded to a suite with pool which was great as it was 38 C in the shade! We had our own vehicle with a good guide and our own boat on the river. The highlights were the bush breakfasts under shady trees on lake Tagalala. We had buffalo, elephant, giraffe and lots of birds in front of us when the lions appeared on the scene:So three of the big five for breakfast! We also saw a herd… Jens and Inka Mumme - Tanzanian Safari Read more Hello Cathy, Well we’re back from our trip that you planned for us and it was outstanding!! We had a wonderful time - saw beautiful scenery and many animals including all of the “big five.” Our guides and drivers were all where they were supposed to be and waiting for us. With that said, I’ll give you a review for various parts of the trip: Johannesburg: we were met at the airport upon arrival on our first night in Africa and delivered to the Africa Rock Hotel where we spent one night. Th e hotel was very nice and clean and the hotel staff very pleasant and helpful. Although… Jerry & Jo-Anne Mooney - South African Holiday Review Read more Dear Cindy Well that’s it, the holiday is all over having arrived home Saturday. Would like you to know how much we enjoyed our time in Cape Town, Victoria Falls and Chobe National Park.  The planning and organisation came together like clockwork.  Guides, vehicle drivers, and accommodation staff were so friendly and helpful all the way. The timing of pick ups, transfers, and travel went without a hitch and we appreciated being able to arrange the holding of our cases in JoBurg. We have very much appreciated, and congratulate you on, your part in all of this.  Your efficient, prompt… Jim & Glenys Russell - Cape Town, Victoria Falls & Chobe Safari Read more Hi Cindy and Anna-Lee, Just want to thank you both and African Travel Gateway for yet another fantastic experience. This is now my third trip with your organization and I continue to be pleased with your services. The care and level of detail that you provide has kept me coming back and now after three trips, I am only more convinced than ever to exclusively rely on your support for any future travel plans throughout Africa! I hope you don’t mind, but I’ve prepared a few things (nothing bad) for consideration to help other travelers. If it’s helpful for you, then great! If not…not… Jim Rhyne - Namibia Self Drive Tour Read more Hi there, We had a fantastic time on our trip. A’Zambezi River Lodge is very nice, comfortable, updated rooms… but Chobe Game Lodge is simply outstanding. I wish we could have spent a week there just relaxing. Just a couple of suggestions for you: • Boma (for dinner in Victoria Falls) is a fun evening out…more than just dinner…it’s full on entertainment…my parents really enjoyed it. The one note is that we were led to believe we could walk there from A’Zambezi…but that’s really not possible…especially at night with the animals, etc.. And taxi fare from the hotel wasn’t cheap. •… Jim Rhyne - Victoria Falls & Chobe Tour Read more Dear Anna We returned from what was a fabulous holiday and we would like to thank you for making the arrangements, all of which worked. Whilst we loved the whole experience I would like to highlight two elements that were particularly good and a couple of points of interest which are not criticisms : ·      Illyria House – What a super starting point; interesting place lovely garden, great food, really interesting owner and wonderful staff ·      Deception Valley Lodge – Exceeded all expectations; we were the only guests so we were looked after by Braam and his wife who… John & Llinos Harris - Holiday Southern Africa Read more Cindy, We finished our trip last night and wanted to let you know how happy we were with your services. We have traveled with a lot of different tour companies over the years and your service was the absolute best.  Thank you so much for your personal service, attention to detail and promptness. You put together an excellent package that exceeded our expectations. Every detail was professionally organized and communicated very clearly and that certainly in not always the case.  Unfortunately very often we are left waiting for drivers or guides to show up. With your package we did… John and JoAnn Girard - Victoria Falls (Oct 2013) Read more Hello Cindy It is so nice to hear from you and that you are well. We are very sorry to hear what happened to you but we believe you being a very strong lady things will pass and you will start again. We are also very sorry to miss the opportunity of meeting you but we believe this might be a good reason for us to come back to South Africa for another trip. Overall, we enjoyed our trip very much. All the transfers, sightseeings, accommodations, etc were good. There was some misunderstanding initially as we thought all our sightseeings etcc were on a private basis which obviously was… John Cheung - SA, Vic Falls and Botswana itinerary Read more Cindy We arrived home yesterday after a very exceptional 3 weeks. Your planning, timing, accommodation and selection of areas to see was perfect. There was enough flexibility during the self-driving and the touring around Cape town with Paradise Touring to make adjustments to suit our interests. There are some comments I would like to make: During self-drive of Garden Route The choice of accommodation had variety which added enjoyment not knowing what to expect next,  especially the Oulap Country House which could be a little risky for some travellers as it is quite isolated and… John Hawkes - Garden Route, Game Parks & Cape Town Review Read more Hello Lize, We arrived home safely yesterday (Monday) afternoon following three nights in Istanbul. Just a short note to thank you for arranging a fantastic adventure for me and my son. The itinerary and time spent in each place was perfect and fortunately for us, the weather co-operated throughout the trip. Dave Hearn was a fabulous guide and a very nice person. Shark cage diving, white water rafting and bungee were very exhilarating and the accommodations in each location were perfect. The game drive and Idube staff were also excellent. Thanks again, I would highly recommend… John Planeta - Zambia & South Africa Tour Read more Hello Lize We are now back home in Canada, and just at this moment we are digging ourselves out of a huge snowstorm which swept across our area last night. Quite different to the weather we had in South Africa. Yes, I received your Email and I sent you an Email shortly after we left Victoria Falls. Everything, including the last minute change to our return BA flight went very well. The Rovos train from Cape Town over to Pretoria was a once in a life time experience. We were really impressed with the internal flight arrangements in Botswana and the Kalahari Bush camp and Selinda… John West - Southern Africa and Rovos Rail Tour Review Read more Anna-Lee We had a great time especially as the weather was very kind except for the last day on our return journey to Zambia for our return flight to Johannesburg. The accommodation was great especially the Stanley Lodge and all three lodges were well run and kind. The trips in Zambia and Botswana were great. Our plan was to have a rest on the island recognizing that there is not much to do there and this worked out well. All the transfers you organised went according to plan with friendly drivers. All in all a great time, thanks for the organizing and yes we will as appropriate… John White - Zambia & Botswana Tour Review Read more Hi Anna-Lee, Again thank you for your help in planning and arranging our holiday to Victoria Falls.  We are now back in the UK, back with cool temperatures and plenty of rain.  Already I miss Africa, and we have been home just 3 days. With this email, I wanted to let you know how things worked out.  Interestingly, upon arrival at Victoria Falls Airport, we were greeted by the inefficient handling of crowds, not to mention clearly corrupt airport officials.  While waiting towards the end of a long queue, one of the airport officials walked the line asking each of us our… Julie Ruffle - Victoria Falls Package Read more Dear Cindy & Anna-Lee Now it is already the 2nd week that we are back to icy cold Germany. Just wanted to let you know that we enjoyed our holiday in South Africa very very much. Everything went smoothly, we did not have any problems at all. South Africa is really a fascinating country with lovely landscapes, amazing wild animals and very friendly people. It’s for sure that we will come back somewhen in the future. Many many thanks for all your efforts and for making these holidays unforgettable for us! Very best regards, Jutta Klein… Jutta Klein - Holiday in South Africa Read more Hi Anna-Lee Just wanted to let you know Jon and I had a fabulous African safari. Everything from accommodation to flights and tours went very smoothly thanks to your planning and organisation.  We actually had our own tour guide and car at each stage of the journey which was fantastic.  The weather was great too as was the food everywhere.  We never got sick and Jon’s injured shoulder didn’t bother him much at all. Special mention for Oddballs Camp in Botswana as it was really unique and a nice change from the more upmarket safari lodges.  Only wish they had swapped their extremely… Karen and Jon Martin - Safari to Oddballs Camp Read more Dear Petru van Zyl Assuming that you remember me, Rafael from Israel, I want to thank you and to express my appreciation for the unforgettable tour you organized for me and for my friend from USA to the Victoria falls in Zambia. Every thing goes smooth and accurate, the tour guide named Tawanda (WTT company) was amazing full with charm and very good English speaking. Your efficiency and your devotion to carry out our tour will be unforgettable. Sincerely yours Rafael and Rachel… Kassif Party - Victoria Falls Tour Review Read more Hi Lize, Thank you for following up. We had an amazing trip and loved our time in South Africa and Zimbabwe. Your travel recommendations were spot on and I believe our only complaint was the unseasonable cold weather in Cape Town and Thornybush during our visit. We can’t rave enough about our experiences at Inyati and Chapungu. We’ll definitely recommend your services to friends and family who may be planning trips to Southern Africa in the future. I, for one, can’t wait to come back for a visit very soon. Thanks again for all your help and guidance! Katharine… Katharine Brewer - South Africa and Zimbabwe Trip Review Read more Dear Anna - Lee, Cindy & Howard, Just letting you know we have just returned home and we had a wonderful trip to Victoria Falls and Chobe and the service were excellent. Everything went to plan. A most enjoyable and memorable trip. Thank you for providing first class… Ken Hodgson - Trip to Victoria Falls and Chobe Read more Hello Anna Lee I must apologize for the delay in responding - my life upon returning from South Africa has been a bit of a whirlwind, trying to catch up on everything at work/home. Although this is a bit tardy, my appreciation for all you did is deep and sincere - I had such a fabulous vacation, absolutely loved each and every day! Our guides were all fantastic/informative/accommodating (Ryan in Cape Town was exceptional), our hotel accommodations superb (the apartment in the V&A waterfront was so beautiful, even had a view of table Top Mountain). The safari was probably the… Kerri Rowan - Visit to South Africa and Victoria Falls Read more Thanks Anna. However I must compliment you on an absolutely amazing trip. We have loved every minute and feel we couldn’t have done it better in any way. It has been absolutely amazing. Explorer’s Camp in Botswana was the ultimate and I am aware that we received an upgrade from the canoeing trip. IT WAS ABSOLUTELY AMAZING!!!! Apologies for repeating myself but words fail me. Even tonight for our cruise on the Zambezi – it was just the four of us with the boat captain, our driver who became barman and a beautiful young man with bongo’s who emulated a “Zulu” warrior. So… Kevin & Carol Bearsley - Botswana Trip Read more Dear Anna-Lee, I would like to thank you sincerely, also on behalf of my entire group, for the wonderful tour you organised for us. Everything worked very well, and everybody was satisfied with the accommodation, the car (plenty of space for all the golf and luggage), the golf and all the rest (other than the little mishaps here and there all went well). Top marks for the hotel in Knysna; the same Fynbos which was also good and Bantry Bay (Camps Bay would have been better) was a little loud, but otherwise excellent service, as was the case in all the other hotels as well. We had a… Klaus Pampel - Golf Tour Review South Africa Read more Dear Lize, Habari asubui, safari nsuri sana…. Good morning, wonderful trip!!! What you sold us was exactly what we had, that means, no surprises, no changes of plans , I was concerned about. African Tulip, I was surprised, very nice hotel. Rhotia Valley Lodge, beautiful place, what was a surprise, was to have a warm bag in our beds at night….. Simply delicious! It was a little bit cold.. The driver, Onesmo, wonderful person, very nice, very knowledgeable about places, animals, birds, preys and hunting… The camps were just perfect, we learned about saving water, light, even… Kretschmer - Tanzania Safari Review Read more Hi Lize We are back home after a wonderful South Africa trip.  We enjoyed our time at Tswalu and Sabi Sabi.  Tswalu was a very unique experience.  We were amazed by the landscape and animals of course, but the lodge exceeded our expectations.  The Tswalu staff was gracious and made us feel like we were guests in their home.  We looked forward to spending our days with Kali and Jonas, our guide and tracker.  The Chef met us when we arrived to talk about our daughter’s food allergies and prepared special meals just for her. Our stay at Sabi Sabi was also very nice.  Our guide and… Kumar Party - South Africa Tour Review Read more Hi Lize, I think I’m finally getting over my post-vacation depression. It was such an amazing adventure I have a hard time even thinking about it without getting sad that it’s all over (which means I’ll need to do it again!). I have a bit of feedback from the girls. Overall we had a great time and would change very little. Here’s a few things we thought we’d do differently. •  Transfers and rental cars - The transfer companies were great. Prompt, if not early, clean, friendly, and informative. The rental cars we had in both Cape Town and Durban were also great. I think there was… Leissoo Party - Safari Trip Review Read more Good morning Lize, This Safari to Lion Sands was also outstanding. Probably the best so far. Although the other camps were also very good, I think this one was maybe one step above the rest.  Our guide Ryan and tracker Norman were very knowledgeable.  And the accommodations were awesome.  This camp does not clear out the natural habitat of the terrain.  So we didn’t see any Cheetah’s, because the camp doesn’t believe in clearing out fields.  It damages the natural habitat.  Also attracts more lions because there are so many open areas that the herds of impalas etc. hang around. … Lenew Party - Lion Sands Safari Review Read more Hi Cindy, I just wanted to thank you for all your assistance with booking our safari to Botswana. We got much more than we expected. Everything was fantastic and all the camps and hotels were great. We have fallen in love with Botswana and the Delta! We are thinking of Kenya next year. Camp Okavango was exceptional. Thank you! Lesley and… Lesley Williams - Safari To Camp Okavango Read more Dear Lize, Now that I have a moment, I’ll provide feedback on our South Africa/Zambia adventure. Our trip was just fantastic and exceeded expectations.  Time expands when you are experiencing new and wonderful things in life, and our two weeks in Africa felt like two months, only in the most positive way.  The sights, the sounds, the colors, the animals, the people:  all were enticing and rewarding.  You did a great job of giving us a varied and thorough view of South Africa without having us rush through cities and experiences.  At every point, guides and drivers and… Linda Turner - South Africa & Zambia Read more Hi Lize, Glad you got the package and you like it.  It helped seeing your picture to try and determine the size! Our trip was fantastic – so hard to believe it has come and gone.  Now trying to unbury ourselves from an ocean of emails. Thank you for a job well done – everything ran super smooth without any glitches – all the transfers, accommodations etc and it was simply phenomenal. Here’s a bit of feedback: ·      Xakanaxa – outstanding.  We were not sure how this lodge would be given some of the reviews, however it was fantastic and definitely exceeded… Lisa-Marie Fernandes - Botswana Safari & Mauritius Read more Hallo Petru We have been very remiss. We failed to thank you for all your hard work in making our holiday on the Chobe River so successful. All your plans for us went off like clockwork including the staff appointed to meet us at checkpoints and travel to new destinations. Without their cheerful efficiency we would have been in serious trouble. We enjoyed the holiday as much as any holiday we have ever taken and we hope that we can repeat the experience with you African Travel Gateway sometime in the future. We must apologize once again for failing to thank you sooner but our… Lochhead - Chobe River Review Read more Anna-Lee; Hi there! We had the most fabulous time and everything was just wonderful! Your team were courteous, friendly and it all ran like a well oiled machine! Southern Africa is just tremendous and you can be proud of such a beautiful continent and its’ welcoming people. We will definitely be recommending your Travel Service to anyone who asks about a Southern African safari! Thanks very much Anna-Lee. Warm regards, Lorilee Cole - Southern African Safari Read more Hi Anna-Lee Glad to be home but am so VERY happy to have visited Swaziland. The trip was marvellous, the country is beautiful, accommodation at Happy Valley was great, the people I met were so very welcoming and M’seni was a wonderful guide.  He is a very knowledgeable person who explains all very clearly and is an excellent listener.  He is the one who made the trip so worthwhile.  I will be forwarding a few pictures to you and will ask that you forward them to him for me. Thank you so much for organizing this trip for me.  You did a wonderful job – am very grateful. Best… Lorna Pauls - Swaziland Tour Review Read more Hi Lize, Thanks very much for moving everything for us on such short notice.  We were thrilled with the people you booked us with.  The gyrocopter, shark diving company and our travel companions were all great in Cape Town.  At Rhino, our only complaint was the lack of heat at night when it got quite cold.  We appreciate we hit a cold front but even two Canadian girls found it hard to function at 2 degrees without heat in the room.  Having said that, I appreciate the accommodations aim for a truly nature experience and it was great to be so close to the wildlife that came to visit. … Lynda Troup and Geraldine Wiebe - South Africa Travel Review Read more Dear Howard, I have had the good fortune of discovering African Travel Gateway quite a few years ago and these past years have definitely proven that find to be a great one. Thank you for all the service over the years. Each of my 1 or 2 trips per year has run smoothly thanks to you, and your recommendations have always proven to be great ones and I have the photos to prove it! I think that you having previous experience as a safari game ranger gives you a special insight and experience with the needs and desires of guests. You and your staff have always been to the nth degree in… M.E Chidiac - Southern & East African Safaris Read more Thank you so much for planning this amazing trip!  We all had a blast, and enjoyed every minute of it. All of our reservations went smoothly, and we thoroughly enjoyed learning about Victoria Falls and the village we visited.  I cannot say enough good things about our experience. It was a great pleasure working with you, and I look forward to working with you again if I ever come out to Africa again. Thank you, Marianne Foster - Victoria Falls Tour Review Read more Hi Anna-Lee I just wanted to say how much we enjoyed our trip - it was amazing!! We enjoyed each country with the different experiences - we were treated to an upgrade at the Victoria Falls Safari Lodge as we were celebrating our wedding anniversary. The Boma was great fun so thank you for arranging the booking for us. Victoria Falls are incredible and to cap it all with the sunset cruise - wonderful time. Ernest and the crew on the Ichobezi house boat looked after us extremely well and the two nights passed very quickly but we seemed to do a lot in a relaxed way. I think it was… Marie & Andrew Savage - Victoria Falls & Houseboat Read more We arrived home yesterday and wanted to let you know that everything went well with all the travel plans. We had a fantastic time. Kapama Buffalo was amazing and would highly recommend it to anyone. I did give African Travel Gateway to two other travellers on the trip. We were so pleased with everything you arranged for us and will continue to recommend you. I only have one suggestion. The Africa Rocks Hotel was wonderful but it is very difficult to find. When we were returning from Kapama we had such difficulty that we finally brought the car back to Avis at the airport and the… Marilyn Vreugdenhil - South Africa Tour Read more Lize, We want you to know how much we appreciate the TLC and expert attention to all the details that went into your planning our 3-day extension (June 20-22) to Victoria Falls, especially the June 19 pre-night stay in the Johannesburg area and transfer service to and from the airport.  The African Rock Hotel stay was delightful in every way; Eugene was extremely helpful in taking care of all our needs. We will reccommend that hotel whenever possible without hesitation.    Thank you again for your kind and efficient handling of all of our arrangements; PLEASE forward this to your… Mary & John Humke - Vic Falls Package Read more Good morning! Paula and I just arrived home late Friday night - I’m so tired and jet lagged that I’m sure it was my good intention to send a note to myself to remind me to contact you! I must have hit “reply” instead. My apologies for the confusion. After our African Travel Gateway portion of our journey, we moved on to Madagascar for two weeks. Although it is a very beautiful and interesting place to visit, the countries and experiences we shared during the first week moving through Zimbabwe, Botswana and Namibia were definitely the highlights of our trip. I’m still sorting… Mary VanCott - Southern Afria Trip Review Read more Sept 2013 Travelled to South Africa on a wine tasting and safari trip with friends.  We arrived in Cape-town and spent 2 nights at Leeuwenvoet Guest House which is within a 20 min walk to the warf.  However, there are great local restaurants around the corner ie. Miller’s Thumb and Nelson’s Eye.  We had a day tour of the Cape.  due to I climate weather we were not able to go to tabletop Mtn nor take a boat trip to see the seals.  We did see lots of penguins & baboons and had a lovely walk in the Kirstenbosch botanical gardens.  Next stop was LaFontaine Guesthouse in Franschhoek which… Maureen & Jerome Peters - South Africa Tour Review Read more Hi Lize Just to say the City Lodge was exactly what we needed and was excellent. We are now in the CT airport on our way to Joburg and home. The whole trip was most enjoyable and your recommendations were excellent. By the way, we really enjoyed Water Buck Lodge (Thornybush) which is a very nice intimate lodge. So all in all thanks for everything - our last concern is to collect our golf stuff in Joburg Airport but they were very efficient on the way in. So I am sure it will be no problem. Best Regards Michael and Sarah… Michael and Sarah Bentley - Safari & Garden Route Read more Dear Lize, I hope you are well. We had the most wonderful holiday and can’t thank you enough for your expert planning, suggestions and thoughfulness - thanks to you we had the most amazing trip and are still smiling from ear to ear with the memories. The planning you did was so meticulous, it all went smoothly and every transfer, lodge and tour was first class.  I have told all my friends that they must visit South Africa and experience a Safari (as long as they use Lize at African Travel Gateway they will have the trip of a lifetime). I wish you and all your colleagues all the… Mitzi James - Ichobezi & Vic Falls Read more Hi Petru, I wanted to thank you for your help in making our experience at Victoria Falls a huge success. I especially wanted you to know that our guide, Brian Bandera was fabulous. From the moment he picked us up we knew we were in great hands.  Not only were Brian’s explanations precise and clear,  he also showed great compassion for the people of Zimbabwe.  He was very patient and answered all of our questions.  I sent Falcon Safaris a note from their website but would appreciate you letting them know as well. Also, we loved both hotels.  We wished we could have stayed an extra… Myra Smith - Victoria Falls Review Read more Dear Petru, Congratulations on planning a perfect holiday, there was not one thing that didn’t go to plan. You did a fantastic job. We had a wonderful group of people and a very good cook with Nomad, big day with some of the drives, no one complained. Found Malawi very poor with a beautiful lake. Tanzania beautiful and the people, our 3 days in Arusha we found a children home ” Cradle of Love ” we spent 3 half days helping with these dear little babies, lots of tears from Kel and I to leave. I loved my return trip to Zanzibar the accommodation very up market for that type of a trip.… Nancy Haggarty - East Africa Tour Review Read more Hi Cindy, Yes, we got home safely on 8 Dec.  Just getting caught up. This was the best tour we have ever been on.  Every transfer went so smoothly.  All the guides and tours were fabulous, especially Dan in Chobe, Botswana.  Everything was way beyond expectations.  The first day at the A’Zambezi River lodge the lawn was covered with wart hogs grazing.  The tour to the Mpala village and meeting with the chief was amazing.  He greeted us with “Hello Guys” and we were amazed at his perfect English.  He took us to the village grade school and we will be sending him school supplies and… Nancy Shaffer - Africa Tour Review Read more Hi Petru We just returned from our trip and it was wonderful. Thank you for all your help in organizing our tours. Also for your reference, an African villa was great, would highly recommend it to anyone travelling to Cape Town and it’s location is perfect. Thanks again for your… Nancy Soliman - Cape Town Trip Read more Anna-Lee Just wanted to thank you for organizing a fantastic South African self drive tour! Everything went like clock-work and the places advised by you and booked by you were the right choices. The facilities were excellent. Some of the lodges, like Dunes in St. Francis Bay and Kapama were excellent, extremely children friendly and hospitable. That’s not to say that others were not great! The Waterfront apartment was a beautiful and central place for us from where we launched into endless sight seeing that the city and the surroundings offered and of course, at night a stroll in… Nauman Ahmed - South African Self Drive Tour Read more Hi Petru Everything about our holiday that you organised was truly amazing. We cannot say any more “wows” Apart from the flight delay to Victoria Falls everything was perfect and ran like clockwork. Batoka Safaris were very accommodating changing the sunset cruise to the next day (which was spectacular) and organising the helicopter flight. The transfer into Botswana was flawless. All the accommodation you suggested and organised were all individually magical. Shindzela was awesome!!! We have had an amazing holiday of a life time. We will be visiting again and we will definitely… Needham Party - African Travel Gateway Tour Read more Hi Cindy, Hope you are well. We have returned from our holiday in Tanzania and I would just like to give you some feedback. Thank you very, very much for the arrangements that you made for us. Everything went very smoothly and we did not have one problem with the land arrangements. Thank you and well done. The hotels were superb, beautiful and comfortable accommodation, with sumptuous food. Outstanding. All pick ups and drop offs were on time and not once were we left to wait or left without knowledge of our next move. Well done to Leopard Tours. Our guide Simba was the best.… Nico Ferreira - Holiday in Tanzania Read more Hi Cindy Yes it was really nice and very pleasant. Many thanks for putting it all together. I must say it all worked very well and your details were spot on. There were a few times where we arrived at the airports maybe too early / waited for transfers times but these are to be expected. Victoria Falls Lodge - all great. We could not really fault this place. The airport took ages and as we were at the back of the plane, we were at the back of the queue so we stood for 90 mins just to get to the desk (a distance of 20 meters!!). There is clearly nothing you can do about this but I… Nigel Wallace-Mason - Chobe & Victoria Falls Review Read more Hey Lize Sorry its taken so long to get back to you but things have been hectic since our return. Please find our thoughts below. Transfers : It was absolute ly lovely to be met at the airport with a professional driver who is holding our name card!! All the transfers you had organised were on time and most professional and made the transition from the long flight to our accommodation very pleasant. Waterfront Village apartments. 1st rate apartment within very easy walk to main centres of Capetown. This accommodation was very clean and well maintained with friendly staff. Highly… Odgers Family - Cape & Kruger Park Tour Review Read more Dear Anna and Cindy Many thanks for all your effort in taking care of our holiday in South Africa. Both my wife and I thoroughly enjoyed our trip and are extremely please with your arrangements. We hope to use your services again. Thank you regards… Panirselvam - Holiday in South Africa Read more Hi Anna-Lee, I just wanted to let you know that we had a great safari to Madikwe Game Reserve.  All your arrangements worked out very well and we enjoyed travelling with your parents to the lodge and back. They gave us a lot of information on the drive up and they were very understanding about my anxious sister-in-law who was worried about her missing bag and about catching their flight. In the end the bag was located and they had plenty of time to check in. Madikwe River Lodge was a very good choice for us.  We were very comfortable there and we were very impressed with our game… Penny Hammar - Madikwe Game Reserve Safari Read more Hi Lize, We have eventually arrived home after nearly six weeks on the road. The rugged beauty of the undiscovered Wild Coast and the way people live make it a different experience. The roads are shocking and the distances between resorts huge so you need plenty of time and a fairly tough vehicle. The side roads are even worse and you need to be a good navigator. Without doubt our best experience was Mbotyi which ticked all the boxes for us. Remote, quiet, beautiful, lots of walks, superb catering. It is managed by Tuffy Kirsten, wife of Peter the cricketer. I have taken the… Peter Radcliffe - Wild Coast Tour, South Africa Read more Anna-Lee, Just to let you know that the trip to Victoria Falls went well and all your arrangements went perfectly. Thanks so much, and hope you have an enjoyable Xmas and New Year. Cheers Peter Southgate - Trip to Victoria Falls Read more Feedback to Anna Lee and Cindy Botha Bielby South African tour. We had the most memorable holiday. South Africa is such a diverse country and the people we met were very friendly, and generally the staff very helpful. We had some amazing food and wine along the way, with the only exception Zimbabwe.  We were delighted that we had such a private tour, and want to thankyou for your attention to detail. We wanted to provide feedback, and do apologies that it has taken us so long to get to it. Pretoria – We would have to most highly recommend the Rovos Rail trip, if you have any… Ray & Linley Bielby - Extensive Southern African Tour Read more Dear Cindy and Howard, Although we did not make it to the Palace in Sun City, I want to express to you my gratitude for the excellent Southern African vacation I had. The Hotels you had chosen were all very good, and the whole concept of my vacations exeeded my expectations. South Africa is a beautiful country, with nice people and good food and excellent wine. Funny enough I did find out only in Johannesbourg that your agency was situated in Hoedspruit, where I drove into town to shop at the Pick and Pack and I was addressed by a young girl asking us if we liked Hoedspruit. I wonder… Rene Imboden - Southern African Vacation Read more Hi Lize!! So sorry for my very late response.., but we had an amazing time in the Kruger in the Timbavati camp!!! There were heavy, heavy rains in the Kruger Park just a short time before we arrived, so the roads were not so good at some points, so at some points it was quite challenging to continue the road to get to the bush camp.. But we made it!! And we had a fantastic time! Umlani Bush Camp is really nice (very basic & really close to nature!!), the people there were very friendly. It was not very busy in the camp & we had also lots of fun with the other guests. And last but… Rieneke De Weerd - Umlani Bush Camp Read more Hi Lize, We just returned from our safari in Tanzania and would like to give you some feedback on how it went. Overall, we had a wonderful time and a great safari with most things going according to plans. My husband and friends enjoyed themselves tremendously and would not hesitate to go again if the opportunity arises. I thought you may like to know our opinions of Predator Safaris and the organization of the trip as well as our rating of accommodations, transportation, food, driver/guide, tours and other miscellaneous items so that it will help you in future. a) Welcome… Rina Mokhtar - Safari to Tanzania & Zanzibar Read more Anna-Lee— The trip was terrific. I’m very thankful for your suggestions and arrangements. Victoria Falls was spectacular. I happy that we went to the Okavango Delta instead of another park. The train was wonderful. We are glad that we had the chance to meet you along the way! Our guide in Cape Town was great. Chris is in his third week already and really enjoys his program. Our visit to Angola was fascinating; it’s a very different experience from the other countries. Of course, we missed Namibia so we’ll have to return someday! Thanks for everything. Rob… Rob Moxley - Southern Africa Tour Review Read more Petru, We have just returned from our visit to your amazing country.  Thank you for providing us with such a great itinerary allowing us to see and experience so much of South Africa, Zimbabwe, and Botswana.  The accommodations were all clean and comfortable, the staffs friendly and attentive, the safaris amazing and fun, and the transportation timely and efficient.  You did an outstanding job, and we are so appreciative that you gave us the opportunity to experience so much in such a short period of time.  The Shindzela Camp was the highlight of the trip.  The camp was comfortable… Robert & Susan Stracy - Southern Africa Trip Review Read more Hi Anna-Lee, You got in before me. I was going to email you this morning after the first week back at work. Thank you so much for organising a fantastic holiday to South African & Botswana for us. It was amazing. Everything went smoothly and your choices to stay were brilliant! The stand outs were the safari at Kapama and Grootbos . But I guess you knew that would be the case. The people at Kapama were outstanding and we had an amazing time there. It was the best way to start the adventure. We had the Big 5 covered in the first 4 days. Grootbos for similar reasons was just as great.… Rohan Dean - Comprehensive South Africa & Botswana safari Read more Petru - We are on our last day of our South Africa Holiday. We would like to thank you for organizing the holiday We have enjoyed every minute of it. Samson who took us around Cape Town was brilliant - He was knowledgeable, flexible and very friendly.  It was as if he was a long time friend taking us around his city! At Camp Ndutzi, it was a home away from home.  Sabre, Justin and the team welcomed us as a family friend and we were treated to some incredible sights - we were lucky to see lions feasting on buffalo, a leopard and elephants plus many other animals. Thank you once… Shamir Salahudin - South African Safari Review Read more Anna, I just wanted to send a warm thank you for your hard work and team of people who so responsibly met us at every stop and made sure we were comfortable and knew what we were supposed to do.  We met wonderful people on our journey from various parts of the world and I can’t imagine their trip was any better than ours.  We were able to see the big five and many other animals, some very rare to see, the Sitatunga, honey badger, and malachite kingfisher.  We loved all of the places we stayed—The Elephant Lodge, so so, but we did get to see the leopard and male lion there. Our Sharon Cobb - Southern African Tour Read more Dear Lize, Sorry for late reply, as I arrived back from South Africa I had to rush in a long business trip and just come back home. During our trip we had a wonderful time and cannot thank you enough for your splendid organization and your properties selection during our stay. It has been a real lifetime experience and we enjoyed every moment spend in Southern Africa. All accommodations were exceptional and each one of them unique in their own way. The service was superb in any of the places we visited and once again my heartfelt thank you and compliments to you. It was my first… Stefano Lorenzini - Africa Trip Read more Jon, We had one of the best vacations of our lives. Everything went so smoothly….. your planning, the weather, the wonderful people. Cape Town was in bloom everywhere. We saw so many animals on safari, including the big 5….but enjoyed all the animals, big and small. Identified 92 new birds. Gotta wash, food shop, etc, Life back to normal!!! Thanks so much. We may have to go back again!!! Sincerely, Kitty (&… Steve & Kitty Sommerville - South Africa Holiday Read more Dear Cindy, Report Back. We had a most wonderful time. The food at Zuleika was outstanding, the balloon ride was tremendous fun and, to top it all, we went to Otter’s Den for breakfast. This latter was completely unexpected. Even though we were told at Zuleika we would be having breakfast at Otter’s Den, it didn’t sink in at all and we thought it would just be a part of the balloon ride. We still thought the champagne and snacks after the flight were the breakfast! It was only as we left the field and we drove past Zuleika did we realise what was actually happening.… Stott - Hot Air Balloon flight Read more Hello Anna-Lee and Cindy, I just want to let you know that we are now back home and had a wonderful time in Southern Africa, Zimbabwe and Botswana (including the short connection in Zambia). All along the way, at all stages, we were met by the tour escort and they took good care of us. The most complex transfer being the one from Elephant Valley Lodge to Zambia Airport. This involved driver pick-up at Elephant Valley Lodge, to Zambezi River. A small boat ferried us across the river, where another driver picked us up, and took us to the Zambia airport. (note: South Africa passport… Sugarman - Southern African Family Holiday Read more Dear Petru, I have been thinking to write a review of my trip since I got back home. Due to my hectic workload, couldn’t do it. South Africa - The pick-up and city tour both were very good. I know I was little upset with the first tour guy from Wilro. But the gentleman turned out to be a good tour guide. Our stay at Michael Angelo was wonderful.  The room was exotic. The breakfast was out of this world!! The Nelson Mandela Square is a very safe place to wonder around. We had a nice relaxing dinner at the Piccolo Monde restaurant. The Victoria Falls Safari Lodge was good. The… Sumitra Sinha - Victoria Falls, Okavango & Chobe Review Read more Dear Cindy Tom and I arrived back in London yesterday after a glorious vacation. I wanted to report back to you that everything you planned for us was perfect. Every hotel had our booking, every tour guide and driver was meticulously on time and charming, every meal you planned for us was in a gorgeous venue (Franschhoek and Cape of Good Hope) and the mechanics of “timing” between attractions was on the mark. Tom and I especially enjoyed the tour guides, Andre Joubert for the panoramic tour and David Hearn in the wine country, Simon’s Town and Cape Town. Both were entertaining and… Susan & Tom Brandt - Cape Town Vacation Read more Petru:  We are home, and tired!  we wanted to thank you for your wonderful help.  Everything worked out great.  No glitches the whole way, to troubles.  Just one or two little things I will mention.  But we loved everywhere we went and everything was arranged perfectly.  We were very impressed by everyone’s timeliness.  We want to let you know that Falcon Safari’s in Zimbabwe was right on the minute every single time and it was well appreciated. When we save some more money , Africa is surely on our list to come back to, and we will look you up first thing. Only two little issues,… Susan Kilkenny - Southern Africa Tour Read more Hi Anna-Lee We had a wonderful trip and want to thank you for all your help. Our visit to Chobe was amazing - so many animals!- and we didn’t want to leave Oddballs Camp , it was so relaxing and beautiful. The only thing we struggled with was figuring out who we should give tips to and how much to tip. Otherwise we had no troubles and all accommodations and tours were very satisfactory. I am sure we will visit Africa again and we will definitely contact you again. Best wishes Susan Little - Visit To Chobe Read more Lize…wanted to send a quick note of THANKS!...with photos. We had an incredible time in South Africa, Zimbabwe and Botswana. The hotels/camps were all great and staff at all were incredible. Our time in Botswana was especially memorable, with such peaceful surroundings, incredible wildlife, calm, pleasant and humorous staff. You certainly will be on my list to contact when I decide to return, as everything went as planned without any problems! Thank you so much and I will pass your name on to friends who plan to travel. Susan Mach and… Susan Mach - Botswana & South Africa Read more Hi Lize, Just got back safely from the rest of our trip in South Africa. All of the arrangements you made for us worked out really well. All of the guides that met us were very informative , punctual and polite. The accommodation was excellent in both places, especially Chobe where we were upgraded to a suite. Their staff and organization were all excellent, we were lucky enough to see the Big 4 there. Do encourage everyone to book a Boma dinner in Victoria Falls, we really enjoyed that. The only aspect that could have been better was the trip to Mpala village, unfortunately the… Suzanne and Nathan Efron - Victoria Falls Tour Review Read more Dear Pam Thank you we had a brilliant time, and all the accommodation was fantastic especially the Robberg Beach Lodge and la Fontaine. The Garden Route Game Lodge made an excellent break to our journey on the drive to Plettenberg Bay. The Crystal Apartment was fine but rather a long way from the beach and restaurants , and at the time we went everything was rather crowded which made parking impossible . However,  I know how difficult it was to find accommodation in camps bay on those dates. We loved our time in South Africa and are very grateful for the itinerary you put… Taylor-Restell - Cape Town and Garden Route Holiday Read more Hi Lize, Sorry for the late reply. Mark and I have never been away for so long before and it was quite a daunting prospect. I have used African Travel Gateway, since Howard first started many years ago and without exception every holiday as been arranged to perfection, without compromise and without fault. The quality on the whole of everything we have ever stayed in is so much better than we experience in Europe - we always know it will be good. Madagascar was an interesting experience, it was somewhere I had wanted to go since very small. I had always wanted to see the Aye Aye… Teresa & Mark Harrison - South Africa & Madagascar Review Read more Hi Anna-Lee, We are home from our trip now and wanted to pass on some of our thoughts about how it all went. We thoroughly enjoyed ourselves! The people we dealt with were so pleasant and helpful and the variety of places we visited was just great. We saw all of the BIG 5 on the game drives and lots of other critters too of course. We probably did one too many days though and too close together. By the final day at Idube we weren’t too excited about getting up at 5 and as it turns out there was nothing new to see that day. We were very lucky with the weather. We experienced an… Terry & Sharon Rowa - South Africa Trip Review Read more Hi Petru, Our friends flew back to the UK last night so this is the first opportunity I have had of contacting you on behalf of all of us. Firstly all of us want to thank you for all your hard work on putting this African trip together. It really was quite sensational especially for our friends who have never been to the the wider Africa. Mostly we think you should know that every single collection, handover, transfer was perfect, on time and very helpful and courteous. There was a lot going on and we could not quite believe that it all went exactly to your plan. All of the… Terry Harrison - Elephant Valley & Chobe Princess Read more Thank you for all the arrangements made for us. Every place we were received by friendly folks who were very courteous, kind, very helpful and knowledgeable. The timing of pick up was perfect on schedule, food was good and they made effort to give us vegetarian choices. The weather also cooperated well and Chobe and Zimbabwe animals turned out at the right time for us to get some nice pictures. I will be doing a travelogue on the trip and publish it in my blog. Thanks Cindy Botha for all your prompt replies and remarkable arrangements. Thara… Thara Narasimhan - Victoria Falls & Chobe Tour Read more Hello Anna-Lee, Just wanted to let you know that we made it home safe and sound, but missing Africa already…We are now busy going through the 2000+ photos to make a memory book. We also wanted to take the time to thank both you and Cindy for all the work you put into arranging our trip. It truly was a trip of a life time. The accommodations and tour companies you chose were perfect! Take care and we will definitely recommend African Travel Gateway to anyone interested in Africa. Judy and… Tim and Judy Morrissey - Africa Trip Read more Dear Cindy and Howard, Thank you so much for arranging my wonderful tour of the Cape and Garden Route. Emma and Richard’s wedding was of course fantastic but the rest of the holiday was fabulous too. I was unable to go up Table Mountain on my first Sunday but the guide from Paradise Touring fitted it in for me on my Cape Point trip. The trip to Robben Island was also cancelled because of the weather and I was unable to rearrange it because the rest of the fortnight was so packed. I enjoyed my private arrangements at Addo Elephants but missed seeing some wildlife because of the… Val - Tour of Cape and Garden Route Read more Dearest Anna, I am really sorry this appreciation letter is coming a little late but have been tied up with work. Also i would insist that you forward this to the bosses as i am going to be turning soon to you for PLANNING my honeymoon to Mauritius. Anna we all had a blast on our trip and at every destination we may have definitely remembered you more than twice . Your choice of accommodation and arrangement for the same had been fantastic. The co ordination for the proposal at Kapama was worth applauding. More over travel agents book the trip and once they receive the payment they… Vithalani Party - South African Adventure Review Read more Dear Anna-Lee, Thank you for your mail. We had indeed a very nice and interestiÂ­ng trip to Namibia and all reservations and bookings prepared by you went perfectly. You did a great job. Thanks explicitely for having recommended and insisted on Sossusvlei Desert Lodge which we liked very much. Kind regards Volkmar Herms - Trip to Namibia Read more Dear Cindy, This is to let you know that my group and I have appreciated the entire course of the tour to Vic Falls and we wish to thank you and to extend our appreciation to Mr Brian Bandera who as acted very professionally. Thanks and best regards, Yvon Mouscardy on behalf of my… Yvon Mouscardy - Tour to Vic Falls Read more Cindy Main points are as follows. Overall trip was excellent and we thoroughly enjoyed it. 1/. Air Botswana flight to Kasane. This was on time and a smooth flight with easy Immigration clearance 2/. Chobe Game Lodge. Top class all round, staff, meals, game drives, room etc. Very very good 3/. Ichobezi Boat Cruise. Again very very good, smooth transfers from Chobe and through Immigration. We were the only two people on the boat so we got 5 star treatment. Meals excellent, staff great, cruises, walks excellent. Boat very nice 4/. Transfer from Kasane to Livingstone i)Kalahari… Zaloumis - Chobe and Victoria Falls Experience Read more Pay For My Trip Buy My Travel Insurance Currency Converter Testimonials Resources Menu About us Tours and Safaris Tailor Made FAQ's Blog Contact Us Travel Categories Hotels & Lodges Tours and Safaris Golfing Destinations Elephant Back Safaris Horse Back Safaris Kariba Houseboats Hot Air Balooning Luxury Trains Kilimanjaro Overland Adventures Walking Safaris Tailor Made Tours Specials Whats New African Safaris African Travel Blog © 2010 - African Travel & Safaris Member | Sitemap | Privacy policy 