Phillip Island Accommodation | Budget Studio Apartments Cowes | Self Contained Apartments - Budget Accomodation Cowes Slidebars wrapper Mobile Nav abover header Top Image 3.5 Star Apartments Accommodation On Phillip Island Logo facebook Booking Book Online Phone Call us for the best price (03) 5952 2822 /abover header header Our Apartments Facilities Location Deals & Specials Book Now Contact Us /header wrapper section article Our Apartments - Great Value Family Apartments on Phillip Island Things to do Phillip Island FOR OUR BEST RATE CALL US DIRECTLY 03 5952 2822 Great Value Accommodation in Cowes, Phillip Island Our seven self contained, modern and comfortable studio apartments are located in a beautiful garden setting only a short walk from Cowes beach. With Pool, Spa, Sauna and BBQ Facilities available to all our guests. The Apartments at Glen Isla provide the perfect budget accommodation whilst travelling on Phillip Island. We are situated in Cowes on Phillip Island a great place for a short getaway with pristine beach and abundance of impressive nature and wildlife and even plenty of family attractions to keep you entertained. Our Apartments are only a short 150-metre walk from Cowes beach and only a quick drive to most locations on Phillip Island. View Our Apartments Guest Reviews Valerie – Trip Advisor 2016 ..The hosts, Leslie and Geof were friendly, helpful and most pleasant. The room, for 4, family room, was totally perfect for a family. It was attractive, clean, It had full kitchen facilities and a little semi-private sitting area out… Nick – Google Reviews 2016 Absolutely fantastic. Big thanks to the owners. Beautiful,clean and very comfortable. Quality resort. Ziggiau – Tripadvisor We booked in to stay for two nights here and we were very comfortable. Although it was a little out of town, nothing is too far on Philip Island and we could duck over to the race track, to the penguins or into town with ease… Kris, Wodonga – Tripadvisor Friendly owners. The apartments are well maintained. They have a dvd library so you can watch them back in your room. Just the tv a bit small. Good for a small families or couples. Got a good night’s sleep too. Mark, Brisbane – Tripadvisor Geoff provided a warm, friendly welcome and highlighted what there was to do close by. The family room was spacious, clean and well provided. We liked the little touches of the twine wrapped towels! Comfy bed and nice and quiet. Laundry facilities, pool and sauna all on site. A two minute walk to the Cowes Danny, Canada – Tripadvisor Upon arrival the owner was very friendly and helpful with information. The apartment was very quiet in a residential neighborhood and very well appointed. It was very clean, the beds comfy and the bathroom large. Very well situated, 15 minutes to the Penguin Parade. A very nice 2 night stay. Megan R – Trip Advisor My best friend and I just spent a lovely weekend at these apartments. Our room contained everything we needed for a self-contained short stay. The beautiful garden setting with small pool and spa is Devine. Owners Geoff and Lesley go out of their way to make sure your stay is perfect without intruding. Even offering Susan S, United Kingdom – Tripadvisor These apartments were well sited in a quiet residential area of Cowes not far from downtown area. Nice big room. – excellent kitchen area. The owners were really obliging. They told us where to go and what to see and which restaurants were good… JB Melbourne – Booking.com Extremely helpful staff. BBQ was immaculately clean. Very pleasant stay, definitely returning. Easy walk to quiet beach, Cowes boat ramp and cafe. Quiet pool area to relax after spending all day at beach. Handy little kitchen in room. Overall the place had the feeling that the owners really care about the place and guests. /article /section /wrapper /content footer Our Apartments Facilities Location Deals & Specials Book Now Contact Us 234 Church Street, Cowes, Victoria 3922 apartglenisla@waterfront.net.au (03) 5952 2822 /footer © Copyright Apartments at Glen Isla. All Rights Reserved End Slidebars wrapper Mobile Menu Our Apartments Facilities Location Deals & Specials Book Now Contact Us 