Residence Hotel – Luxury Hotel Located in the Heart of Aspen Pet Friendly +1 (970)-920-6532 Residence Hotel The Hotel Reviews History and Heritage Your Host in Aspen Aspen Press On Terry Butler Living at Residence Hotel Photo Galleries Press Reviews Pet Policy Cancellation Policy Contact Us Luxury Suites & Rooms The French Studio The Explorer’s Retreat The Master Suite The Crimson Suite The English Victorian The Raj Suite The Ralph Lauren Suite The Penthouse Local Information Restaurants and Bars Shuttles And Transportation Ski Rentals and Gear Ski Passes and Lift Tickets Sights And Culture Family Adventures Events And Weddings Scroll Down Aspen Luxury Suite Rental An Enchanting Boutique-Hotel Experience In The Heart Of Aspen Just a few steps from the base of Ajax mountain in Aspen, one of America’s finest ski resorts; and conveniently positioned to overlook the town’s storied village, The Residence Hotel serves as a warm sanctuary for guests with distinguished tastes. Here, your stay is as much about comfort and relaxation, as it a global adventure through history. Welcome to Aspen Picturesque downtown Aspen; both quaint and opulent, it has long been recognized as one of the premier tourist destinations in the country. The snow-capped mountains are prime for skiing and snowboarding from fall to early spring, while the scenic landscape is perfect to explore by hikers, bikers, and horseback riders all spring and summer. Whether for work or play, adventure or serenity, Aspen offers something for everyone to enjoy. Nestled in the heart of all. Our Hotel The Residence Hotel's unique interior design is combined with inspirations from rich cultures across the globe - European, Asian, Indian, and Tibetan. The Residence has an authenticity and a special eclectic feel. Visitors can expect their luxurious and tranquil accommodations to be accompanied by the highest standard of guest services. There is a remarkable sense of homeyness that turns moments at The Residence into lasting memories. History & Heritage Inside The Residence every wall tells a story, and the very building itself has been part of the Aspen community for over 130 years. The hotel opened its doors to guests in 1996 after being aesthetically curated by long-time Aspen native, Terry Butler. With two decades of loyal and distinguished guests that span from entertainers and athletes to artists and politicians, somehow the hotel still maintains a subtle mystique as the city’s hidden gem. This place is perfect, old world charm and sophisticated elegance. I recently spent three days at The Residence Hotel in Aspen Colorado. Terry Butler, who could be described as a Grand Dame of Aspen, has created a haven that is both opulent elegance and homely charm. Without a doubt one of the truly excellent hotel experiences I have ever had. —MichaelJG90277 Great location in the middle of Aspen's "fun" district! The Residence Hotel is located in the absolute best spot in Aspen, sandwiched between the shopping and pubs & restaurants. Each of the rooms is unique with a special theme, with ours being French. The windows open to the sights and sounds of Aspen, with a cool breeze negating the need for AC. I'm assuming… —Michael1955-A A very luxurious hotel in the centre of Aspen We have just come back to Australia after spending a wonderful week in Aspen in summer. We stayed in the Residence Hotel and we were delighted with the quality of the hotel and the size of the two bedroom apartment which also had a large kitchen and lounge room. The hotel is very central to… —markcZ2009PV Great Hotel in Aspen We stayed at the Residence Hotel in June and it was a wonderful experience. We had a two bedroom suite and the décor was amazing. It is located in the center of town, close to restaurants and shopping (Prada was just across the street). Terry is a fabulous host and made us feel so welcome… —terryt377 Best Place to Stay In Aspen The Residence Hotel is easily the best place to stay when visiting Aspen. The hotel is located in the center of town, so it is just steps away from the gondola, restaurants, Belly Up, and night life. The rooms always exceed expectations and Terry (the owner) is truly a wonderful person. The staff goes above… —Alexander R Photo Galleries Rooms and Rates Our Location Facebook Twitter Instagram Tripadvisor Yelp Privacy Policy Cancellation Policy Contact Us Acapulco Luxury Villa Rental Log In Copyright © 2016 Terry Butler Root element of PhotoSwipe. Must have class pswp. Background of PhotoSwipe. It's a separate element as animating opacity is faster than rgba(). Slides wrapper with overflow:hidden. Container that holds slides. PhotoSwipe keeps only 3 of them in the DOM to save memory. Don't modify these 3 pswp__item elements, data is added later on. Default (PhotoSwipeUI_Default) interface on top of sliding area. Can be changed. Controls are self-explanatory. Order can be changed. Preloader demo http://codepen.io/dimsemenov/pen/yyBWoR element will get class pswp__preloader--active when preloader is running 