Paihia Accommodation Beachfront Motel, Bay of Islands - Northland HOME Rooms Our Accommodation Studio Suite Studio Sea View Suite Studio Spa Supreme Studio Deluxe Suite Sea View One Bedroom Suite One Bedroom Deluxe Suite One Bedroom Suite Sea View Two bedroom Suite Sea View Courtyard Studio Specials Facilities Our Facilities Breakfast Gallery Location Paihia Bay of Islands History & Legends Activities Suggested Activities News Local Events Contact Us Get in touch Travel Directions Reservations Book Online Terms & Conditions social icons Search The perfect place to anchor! Call 0800 505 100 2 Marsden Road, Paihia, Bay of Islands, New Zealand. close .width-container The Anchorage Motel Paihia – The perfect place to relax! close .slider-container close .width-container close .flex-caption The Anchorage Motel is located in the center of Paihia close .slider-container close .width-container close .flex-caption Enjoy stunning views from our sea view suites close .slider-container close .width-container close .flex-caption Enjoy the pool by the beach! close .slider-container close .width-container close .flex-caption We offer comfortable, well-appointed rooms close .slider-container close .width-container close .flex-caption Right in the heart of the beautiful Bay of Islands close .slider-container close .width-container close .flex-caption close .flexslider #page-title The featured slider is called from the header.php located in the slider-progression.php file display homepage widgets Make a Reservation Online Booking : Place where you want the widget to display : © StraitReservations.com Date: Guests: 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 [Adults + Children]     Book Now Online Booking : END homepage widgets end this code pull in the homepage content Welcome to the Anchorage Motel Air conditioned, Waterfront Accommodation in Paihia, Bay of Islands Anchorage Motel is the ideal beachfront accommodation for couples, family groups, honeymooners and business travelers whether on holiday, escaping from everyday life, here on business or looking to explore the Bay of Islands and the Far North from our perfect location. Enjoy our fresh, modern and inviting suites. Enjoy Sky Guest Select 50+ channels and free WIFI to make it easy for you to work, or stay in touch with friends and family while relaxing in the Bay. Book direct for best rates. 0800 505 100. We have availability for Christmas and New Year Bookings. Please book direct with us by selecting BOOK NOW or phone us on 0800 505 100. Homepage Child Pages Start Studio Suite Lower level self contained studio suite for easy access. King bed with kitchenette and en-suite bathroom with a shower. Partial sea view. More Info Studio Sea View Suite Upper level studio suite with amazing sea views. King bed with kitchenette and en-suite bathroom with shower. More Info Studio Deluxe Suite Sea View Upper level large self-contained deluxe studio suite with King bed, spacious bathroom with a shower over a bath. Beautiful sea views! More Info One Bedroom Deluxe Suite Lower level easy access. A Self-contained One Bedroom Deluxe suite with a King bed, separate bedroom with a king bed or 3 single beds. Kitchenette with a light spacious bathroom with a shower over a spa bath (Jacuzzi). More Info One Bedroom Suite Sea View Self-contained One Bedroom Suite with king bed plus separate bedroom with Twin Beds, kitchenette and bathroom with a shower. Ocean facing with beautiful sea views! More Info Two bedroom Suite Sea View A large upper level self-contained suite with two separate bedrooms both with king beds, light and spacious bathroom with a shower over a bath, ocean facing with stunning sea views! More Info Homepage Child Pages End close .content-container-anchor close .width-container close #main Local Activities There is so much to see and do! Being situated in Paihia, we are close to a variety of interesting activities We offer a free activity booking service to all our guests More Info News & Events We like to keep up with local news and events. Take a look at what's happening at Anchorage Motel and in The Bay of Islands View News Make a Reservation Use our online booking system to make a reservation. Book Online Contact Us We welcome you to Anchorage Motel, Paihia, Bay of Islands Call us on 0800 505 100 or 0064 9 402 7447 Email Us close .width-container close #footer-widgets © 2015 Anchorage Motel. social icons close #copyright ngg_resource_manager_marker 