Cheap Hotel Prague 2 - Prague Guest House | Hotel Merlin <div class="fb-like" data-href="https://www.facebook.com" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="70" data-show-faces="false"></div> Hotel Price list Reservation Special offers Restaurant Tips Location Photogallery Contacts Hotel Price list Reservation Special offers Restaurant Tips Location Photogallery Contacts .menu .switcher Rooms Rooms are furnished and equipped comfortably in a homey style and of course, a lift is also included. Charles Bridge Merlin Hotel is an ideal starting point for visiting Prague's monuments. Charles Bridge is just 10 minutes away at a leisurely pace on foot. Dancing House When you leave the hotel, you will encounter the Dancing House just around the first corner and a view of Prague Castle will open up to you. National Theatre Merlin Hotel is suitable for a visit to the National Theatre. It is 5 minutes away on foot from the hotel. Restaurant The hotel's restaurant Stará doba (Old Times) offers traditional Czech and international cuisine in a stylish setting. .jCarouselLite Hotel Merlin Prague    The romantic Hotel Merlin is a lovely, three-star accommodation in the center of Prague on the banks of the Vltava River. Hotel Merlin Prague offers accommodation in the beautiful centre of Prague, located near the metro station "Karlovo námÄ›stí" (yellow line B). Accommodation Hotel Merlin Prague Hotel Merlin Prague provides accommodation in a renovated secession house, in a quiet part of the centre. Rooms in Hotel Merlin are furnished in a homely, cosy style and Hotel Merlin offers lift facilities. Restaurant in Hotel Merlin Prague "Stara doba restaurant" is part of the 'Hotel Merlin' complex and offers an outside garden which will enhance your relaxing stay in Prague. Breakfast is not included in the price of accommodation. However, breakfast can be ordered for a small additional charge at the reception. Breakfast is served every day in our restaurant Stara doba.   If you prefer self-catering, then we can offer apartments with kichen facilities within Hotel Merlin. Street parking is available right outside Hotel Merlin and we can provide prepaid parking card (needs to be booked in advance). Alternatively secure garages are available (100m distant) costing 20 Euro per day.   Complimentary Internet Wi-Fi access   Wi-Fi connection is complimentary in the whole hotel. Parking places Street parking is available right outside Hotel Merlin and we can provide prepaid parking card (needs to be booked in advance). Alternatively secure garages are available (100m distant) costing 20 Euro per day. Historical sites from Hotel Merlin Prague The most famose sites can be reached from the hotel within easy walking distance, taking aproximately only 10-15 minutes. Sites include the 'Charles Bridge', National Theatre, the Old Town Square, Hradcany, Wenceslas Square, ... 24 hour reception We are happy to welcome you anytime - our reception is open 24 hours a day, 365 days in the year. Our reception desk is open 24 hours a day, 365 days a year. We are looking forward to your visit!   Name * E-mail * Phone   I agree to provide personal data Hotel MERLIN Gorazdova 22 Praha 2 Tel: (+420) 224 916 555 Mobil: (+420) 739 565 137 Fax: (+420) 224 916 555 email: info@accommerlin.cz skype pensionmerlin Sitemap Hotel Price list Reservation Special offers Restaurant Tips Location Photogallery Contacts GDPR © Hotel Merlin 2015 | powered by bookingJet1.0.5 responsive We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best website experience. I understand 