KAKERA Rarotonga holiday home Apartments - Kakera Accommodation Rarotonga Modern Villa Apartments Cook Islands KAKERA Rarotonga holiday home Apartments Phone (00682) 57525 Home Our story FAQ Fun & Adventure Location Long Term Rental Long stays Apartments Karanga (Family) Pepe (Couple) Ra (Family/Couple) Fare (Family) Apartment For Sale Contact Videos Photos Kakera Villa Apartments ​ Rarotonga ​ Cook Islands Contact Us Private Self Catering Holiday Homes & Long Term Apartments Because private spacious environments are important for holiday relaxation and a long term living arrangement, we designed our o ne, two and three bedroom apartment villas  in a modern Pacific townhouse style, with features like high ceilings for a cool spacious feel, lots of large windows to let in colourful tropical views & the summer breeze. Open plan comfortable living areas flowing out to private enclosed tropical garden courtyards, and some with plunge pools. Surrounded by lush tropical vistas creating the perfect Rarotonga holiday base, offering a fresh modern Pacific environment suitable for  couples ,  families and groups  of up to seventeen people.    Designed, built & operated using eco-principles by local hosts the Ponga family.  "At Kakera we provide holiday home and home apartments environments for guests both long term & short stay, to create good times in.  We love to know our people are relaxed and enjoying fun and laughter in our eco villa apartments".  Read more about us  and the feedback from guests .   Summer Breeze and Simple Luxuries  Cook Islands - relaxed pace, friendly people & year round summer climate ​Only a two minute drive from busy Muri, enjoy a relaxed private holiday space of your own. A lovely place to unwind after a day of tropical adventure. All our two story villa apartments offer  a fresh aspect on modern holiday living taking,  The elements of the Pacific in our unique decor, creating an eco environment that is open and light and provided comfortable, simplistic holiday living at our fingertips, including private kitchens, modern entertainments and laundry facilities.  Choosing from our one, two and three bedroom apartment villas . ​Available to Rent ​(July 2019) Two bedroom one bathroom Apartment for long term rental arrangement contact us today  ​   