Welcome to the Ambassador Motel - Sault Ste. Marie's Best Accommodations! - Ambassador Motel Top Vertex Calls Call mobile sidebar <ul class="menu"> Home Reservations Things to Do Agawa Canyon Train Tour Fishing Golf TreeTop Adventures Casino Downhill Skiing Cross Country Skiing Snowmobile Adventure More Things to Do Our Rooms Ambassador Fries Gallery Contact </ul> Call top bar for mobile devices if layout is responsive s5_responsive_mobile_top_bar_spacer must be called to keep a space at the top of the page since s5_responsive_mobile_top_bar_wrap is position absolute. s5_responsive_mobile_top_bar_wrap must be called off the page and not with display:none or it will cause issues with the togglers. Home Fixed Tabs Drop Down Parallax Backgrounds Floating Menu Spacer Body Padding Div Used For Responsive Spacing Header Home Reservations Things to Do Agawa Canyon Train Tour Fishing Golf TreeTop Adventures Casino Downhill Skiing Cross Country Skiing Snowmobile Adventure More Things to Do Our Rooms Ambassador Fries Gallery Contact End Header Make Ambassador Motel Your Home Away From Home Enjoy the tranquility of Northern Ontario Take A Tour Check Room Availability Unbeatable Customer Satisfaction Your hosts, Laila and Robin, are happy to provide the utmost in northern hospitality to all visitors. We Put Our Heart And Soul Into All We Do Family owned and operated, we strive to provide unmatched personal service to our guests. We Offer Quiet Comfort and a Good Night’s Sleep Clean, spacious rooms are equipped with coffee-maker, small fridge and microwave.  All rooms feature walk-out to patio and a quiet backyard setting. Top Row1 Enjoy Summer & Fall Packages The summer and fall are great times to explore the natural beauty of Algoma. Get your ticket for the Agawa Canyon Tour Train, or explore the historic downtown areas! The outdoor enthusiast will find the fish are plentiful, the lakes and rivers are breathtaking, and the many nature trails are ideal for hiking and mountain biking.  View All Packages Guided Fishing on the St. Mary's River Stay & Play Golf Package Outdoor Winter Fun Enjoy thrilling downhill skiing & snowboarding, or meander through the woods on cross-country skis or snowshoes! Snowmobilers will find themselves in paradise on Sault Ste. Marie's pristine trails. The Ambassador is now the ONLY MOTEL on the snowmobile trail. We offer free storage for your trailer. View All Packages Downhill Skiing Cross Country Skiing 5 End Top Row1 Top Row2 Enjoy Our Pool and Sauna End Top Row2 Top Row3 “Host was a great person! Room was great, beds very comfy and CLEAN! Very friendly owner and super cleaning staff. Rates were good too! Owner was very helpful with local eatery recommendations and tips on the Train!” - Peter S. via Trip Advisor “Very affordable rates. Rooms are clean and staff and owner are super accommodating and friendly. Nice heated pool and sauna. I rate this place a 5 star for quality and affordability.” - Annette Gagnon via Google Reviews “Love the nice clean rooms. Perfect location for my travel plans . First stayed here about 10/12 years ago and it has always maintained the highest standards for a reasonable budget.” - Colin Lindsay via Google Reviews 4 End Top Row3 Center area End Center area Bottom Row1 <h2 style="text-align: center;">Hungry?</h2> <p style="text-align: center;">Our very own chip stand serves the best fresh-cut fries and poutine in town! We also offer a selection of meals, snacks and beverages.</p> </div> <a class="readon" href="/ambassador-fries">See Menu</a> Hungry? May We Suggest the Ambassador Deal? Open every day from 11am - 8pm, starting mid-May to mid-September. Our very own chip stand serves the best fresh-cut fries and poutine in town! We also offer a selection of meals, snacks and beverages. Enjoy your food at one of our shaded picnic tables. Call Ahead 705.542.2789 for Take out! See Menu End Bottom Row1 Bottom Row2 Reserve Your Room Today! Reserve Now! End Bottom Row2 Find Out What Makes Us The Best Motel In Sault Ste. Marie! Whether this is your final destination, or just a stopping point along your journey, you will find that we have a lot to offer all year round! The Ambassador is now the ONLY MOTEL on the snowmobile trail. This means you can park your snowmobile right at your door! Clean, spacious rooms feature in-room coffee, fridges, microwave, cable TV, wireless internet and air conditioning. All rooms feature walk-out to patio. We are the Sault's only motel with an indoor pool & sauna! We also have a childrens play structure, croquet set and basketball net! No stairs to climb, no elevators, and no long corridors to navigate. Makes bringing in your luggage a breeze! Well behaved pets are welcome to stay with you! Please let us know what kind of pet you are bringing when you book your room. Make sure to book early. Not all rooms are pet friendly. Your hosts, Laila and Robin, are happy to provide the utmost in northern hospitality to all visitors. We are truly excited that you have chosen to stay in Sault Ste. Marie! You are here:   Home Bottom Row3 Find Us   Directly on Hwy 17 North From NW (Thunder Bay) First Motel Within City Limits on the Right From East (Sudbury) Follow 17B • Turn Right on Pim St • Follow 17B to 17N 6km From U.S. (International Bridge) Turn right to Bay St. (17B) Turn right on Queen St. To Church St. Travel North (17B to 17N) for 6km Address Information 1275 Great Northern Road Sault Ste. Marie, ON P6B 0B9 Desk Hours 8AM to 1AM Every Day Including Holidays Contact Us stay@ambassadormotel.com Phone 705.759.6199 Toll Free 1.888.274.2183 End Bottom Row3 Footer Area Bottom Vertex Calls Page scroll, tooltips, multibox Start compression if enabled Additional scripts to load just before closing body tag Info Slide script - JS and CSS called in header Scroll Reavel script - JS called in header File compression. Needs to be called last on this file Responsive Bottom Mobile Bar Call bottom bar for mobile devices if layout is responsive Call mobile links if links are enabled and cookie is currently set to mobile Desktop Version Call bottom bar for all devices if user has chosen to see desktop version Closing call for mobile sidebar body wrap defined in includes top file Home Reservations Things to Do Our Rooms Ambassador Fries Gallery Contact Login Username Password Remember Me Log in Forgot your username? Forgot your password? Copyright © 2019. Ambassador Motel. Designed by Surge Web Solutions. End Footer Area Room Booking Thanks for staying with us! Please fill out the form below and our staff will be in contact with your shortly. Adults... 1 2 3 4 Children... 0 1 2 3 4 Number of Pets... 0 1 2 3 4 Are you a CAA/AAA Member... Yes No Would you like to book an Algoma Train Tour package?... Yes No Check Room Availability End Body Padding 