Luxury Stays In Great Yarmouth | Andover House Hotel address 27-30 Camperdown, Great Yarmouth, NR30 3JB email bookings@andoverhouse.co.uk call us 01493 843 490 follow us Home Restaurant Rooms & Rates Corporate About Us Book Just for grown-ups, close to the beach on a quiet avenue. Book direct for the lowest rates. #1 of 22 Hotels in Great Yarmouth on TripAdvisor We love our hotel and hope you do too! Idyllically situated close to the sandy beach, entertainments, shopping centre and Outer Harbour, our hotel is perfect for a getaway or business trip. We have 27 rooms, a restaurant serving fabulous food, free parking, a room for private parties and business meetings, a lounge, outdoor terrace and bar. Not forgetting the wonderful individuals who work here and make our guests feel so welcome! 27-30 Camperdown, Great Yarmouth, NR30 3JB (View Location) 01493 843 490 OUR FAMILY & HOTEL IN GREAT YARMOUTH Husband-and-wife team, Victoria & Phil have expanded, refurbished and created the best possible experience for you. Our impressive Victorian building is full of homely charm and style. The food is fantastic, a true credit to Head Chef and his team. We serve classic dishes with a modern twist, Monday - Saturday. 27 Hotel Rooms Restaurant Free On-Street Parking Room Service Cocktail Bar No children under 13 Meeting Room Pool Table Free Wi-Fi Guest Reviews I have spent the last 20 weeks attending weekly meetings in GY - the only sad part was finding this place after I had been around the hotels for the first 12 weeks - Victoria and her team looked after me so well, nothing was too much trouble. Tripadvisor Sandgate, United Kingdom I have stayed at this hotel on a number of occasions for work and it provides a consistently excellent level of service. The rooms are clean modern and quite, food is great served in a relaxed environment. Dave H Bramhall, United Kingdom Andover House is ideally located for the beach and marine parade. Parking on the street is free in front of the hotel. Our suite was newly decorated and very smart and comfortable and good value for money. The staff were all very friendly and welcoming. C Bakerely Ely, United Kingdom A blog from Great Yarmouth A British seaside resort, fun runs through it like the stick of the rock you can buy on the seafront Golden Mile. Travelling on business? We offer fixed corporate rates throughout the year. Looking for a venue? Host your special event at Andover House for up to 18 people. Contact Us Success! Your message has been sent to us. Error! There was an error sending your message. address 27-30 Camperdown, Great Yarmouth, NR30 3JB call us 01493 843 490 email bookings@andoverhouse.co.uk follow us Instagram Facebook Twitter Home Rooms Restaurant Location T&C’s Book Sitemap Â© Copyright. Vendor Theme Base, Components and Settings Current Page Vendor and Views Current Page Vendor and Views Demo Theme Custom Theme Initialization Files 