Arkadia Luxury Hotel & Apartments Â· Kypseli Â· Zakynthos Â· Greece Book Now & Save 15%   Kypseli, Zakynthos 291 00, Greece   info@arkadiahotel.com Home About Us Accommodation Restaurant & Bar Location Offers Pictures Contact Cover Arkadia Luxury Hotel & Apartmetns Kypseli Â· Zakynthos Â· Greece Experience the passion of hospitality. The creation of a genuine family atmosphere alongside with a friendly, relaxing environment is our most warm welcome in Zakynthos. Read about us High quality service & attention to every detail. Arkadia Luxury Hotel & Apartments is a superior hotel that guarantees high quality service and attention to every detail. View the rooms We offers specialties based on the freshness. At Arkadia Hotel, guests will be able to enjoy the best recipes of traditional Greek and Mediterranean cuisine. View the facilities Booking Form Book directly with us. Book directly with us and you can be sure of getting the very best available rate. Check Availability About Arkadia Hotel, welcomes its guests in a cosy and warm atmosphere. Surrounded by lush natural plant growth, the Arkadia Hotel is on Kypseli Area and looks out over the Ionian Sea. Throughout the hotel you can fell a warm atmosphere and, thanks to its location , we can say that the hotel is an oasis of tranquillity and privacy only few steps from the sea. Read more Â» Rooms Relax and restore the body and the spirit. The many balconies offer sea and mountain view and invite you to fully enjoy the contact with nature, breathing in deeply the mediterranean fresh salty air. The rooms and the apartments have modern and elegant design and there are ideal for a relaxing holiday. View room types Â» Reviews What our guests say about us Five years in succession at our favourite hotel. We have been holidaying here for 5 years. The rooms are all have sea views and are finished to a high standard. The room is cleaned daily and clean towels and bedding is provided. The restaurant served excellent. Nothing is too much trouble and they make sure that all guests are happy at all times. Paul Trip Advisor Speachless Everything was sooo god. The best stay ever, food was very very good and we prefered to eat at hotel because was always amazing. Angelos, Joana and Carina well done you have been make us to feel like at home and not hotel and thanks one more time for everything. Antonija Trip Advisor Cleanest hotel and the most excellent stuff The best hotel we've been in Greece. "Clean" is the word for it and "hospitality" is the word for the stuff. Corina was our best friend and Angelo was an excellent guide to our journey on the island. Breakfast is also very good, The baths are like in the movies! It was a beautiful place all together!! We have left Zakhyntos with beautiful memories! Ane Mari Trip Advisor See more reviews about us at:         CTA In Arkadia Hotel you will have the chance to have unforgettable emotions and memories discovering the beauty of Zakynthos. Book Now & Save 15% Footer Contact Details Phone: +30 26950 65087 Mobile: +30 6974 928121 Fax: +30 26950 61881 Email: info@arkadiahotel.com Useful Links Frequently Questions (FAQ) Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Â© Arkadia Hotel Â· Kypseli Â· Zakynthos Â· Greece Made by Web Artworks Â· Hosting by Avakas Media 