Aggie Inn, an Ascend Hotel Collection - UC Davis Google Tag Manager (noscript) End Google Tag Manager (noscript) To provide you with the best experience, Aggie Inn, An Ascend Hotel Collection Member uses its own and third-party cookies on its website for technical, analytical and marketing purposes. By continuing to browse our site, you're agreeing to our use of cookies. Please consult our Cookie Notice for more information. Menu Book now +1 530-756-0352 Menu +1 530-756-0352 Book now Accommodations The Inn Location Photos Group Inquiry Amenities Specials Reservations Check-in Check-out Book now Aggie Inn, An Ascend Hotel Collection Member The Aggie Inn’s distinct fusion of sleek modern amenities and historic charm offers a unique kind of luxury to Downtown Davis, CA. This Davis, CA hotel is a charming, family run, conveniently located hotel that embodies the spirit of Davis focusing on unbridled service and human kindness. Conveniently located close to UC Davis and downtown, the Aggie Inn is the perfect hotel to unwind after a day at work or exploration.  "Fantastic small hotel in Davis, CA with a perfect location near UC Davis and downtown." Discover the "Place to be when visiting UCD" at our award-winning boutique hotel in Davis, California - situated right next to the University of California-Davis campus, Mondavi Center for Performing Arts and Robert Mondavi and Institute for Wine and Food Sciences. Enjoy this Choice Ascend Collection hotel's convenient location paired with modern boutique services and amenities - all at affordable rates. We feature a wide array of services and amenities for business travelers, families of University of California Davis students, and vacationing visitors. Wake up to a complimentary breakfast and a morning newspaper. Check your email courtesy of our free Wi-Fi connection throughout our hotel, and much more. Location View Attractions Aggie Inn, An Ascend Hotel Collection Member View Attractions Loading... Reservations Check-in Check-out Book now Aggie Inn, An Ascend Hotel Collection Member +1 530-756-0352 245 First Street Davis CA 95616 United States of America info@aggieinn.com instagram Facebook Tripadvisor Google Plus Services Local Event and Wedding Venues Event Calendar Local Businesses Davis Contact Us Sitemap Privacy Policy Cookie Notice clearfix end © 2019 Digital marketing by BookingSuite . BookingSuite is a brand of Booking.com footer-inner end footer end 