Home - Acorn Lodge Harrogate - Official Website Skip links Skip to content Skip to footer 01423 525630 or info@acornlodgeharrogate.co.uk Acorn Lodge Harrogate - Official Website B&B Harrogate | Guesthouse Harrogte | Accommodation Harrogate Home Rooms About Us Dining Eating Out Harrogate Getting Here Contact Blog Bookings START REVOLUTION SLIDER 4.6.9 fullwidth mode SLIDE MAIN IMAGE LAYERS LAYER NR. 1 Relax in your room SLIDE MAIN IMAGE LAYERS LAYER NR. 1 What's on the menu? SLIDE MAIN IMAGE LAYERS LAYER NR. 1 Bettys Café Tea Rooms SLIDE MAIN IMAGE LAYERS LAYER NR. 1 Relax with a drink SLIDE MAIN IMAGE LAYERS LAYER NR. 1 Meet your hosts SLIDE MAIN IMAGE LAYERS LAYER NR. 1 Montpellier Harrogate END REVOLUTION SLIDER Welcome to Acorn Lodge Our guests tell us that our quiet location, proximity to the town and conference centre, quality breakfasts and comfortable, relaxing rooms are the reasons they choose to stay at Acorn Lodge. All this - with the essential ingredient of a welcoming, high standard of service and knowledge of the local area - is what Acorn Lodge is all about. Highly rated on TripAdvisor by you! BOOK DIRECT - BEST RATE GUARANTEED! Rooms Elegant and stylish, each of our seven bedrooms is individually designed and decorated with all the comfort of a luxury hotel but with an intimate, homely feel. Comfy beds, duck down duvets, high quality linens and large towels, power showers and a well stocked hospitality tray. View Rooms about Rooms Explore Harrogate Harrogate is so much more than just an Elegant Spa town. Civic pride and the nature of the people have ensured beautiful public gardens, lovingly well preserved Victorian architecture and a clear sense of Harrogate history. Set in one of the most beautiful areas of the British Isles. Visiting Harrogate about Harrogate About Us Acorn Lodge is owned by Phil, Ali and Lola (the actual boss!). We bought the guest house in 2004 after Phil was made redundant from his IT Customer Service Manager’s job with NCR. Ali was Head of Psychology at a local school and also does a bit of Life Coaching. Meet Your Hosts about About Us end .wrap end .home-middle Great time at 1940s day #Harrogate twitter.com/moreHarrogate/… About a week ago from Acorn Lodge's Twitter via Twitter Web Client · reply · retweet · favourite Proud to announce we’ve received a @TripAdvisor #CertificateOfExcellence for 2016! Thanks to all our guests for reviewing us! About 3 weeks ago from Acorn Lodge's Twitter via Twitter Web Client · reply · retweet · favourite RT @moreHarrogate SING2016 is at Harrogate International.Centre on 27-30 May @singBABS @HIC_Talk - Come along if you love Barbershop! pic.twitter.com/lQPEENpIO3 About a month ago from Acorn Lodge's Twitter via Twitter Web Client · reply · retweet · favourite RT @thebestofhgate Read our blog about the best #local offers in #harrogate @edenskincare ow.ly/GLGn3004CwL pic.twitter.com/Mf6TtAXo7f About a month ago from Acorn Lodge's Twitter via Twitter for iPhone · reply · retweet · favourite RT @moreHarrogate Beautiful #Harrogate ! Come today! @YorkshireBloom @greatyorkshow @HarrogateMuseum @loveharrogate @fabnorthyorks pic.twitter.com/KQbbqmiptD About a month ago from Acorn Lodge's Twitter via Twitter for iPhone · reply · retweet · favourite Follow @AcornHarrogate News & Events Harrogate this Christmas We are so excited this Christmas as there is so much going on for a short break in Harrogate and district. Not to mention we are having at Christmas sale on all our rooms for guests staying Sun – Thurs. With prices from … [Read More...] about Harrogate this Christmas Love is in the air! Happy New Year to all our guests past, present and future! We had a lovely Christmas with the family staying here at Acorn Lodge. Fortunately we weren’t affected by the flooding, but many places in the surrounding areas … [Read More...] about Love is in the air! Be the first to know! First Name Last Name E-Mail Address Join our mailing list to receive the latest news and deals. end .wrap end .pre-footer Footer Contact Us Acorn Lodge 1 Studley Road Harrogate North Yorkshire HG1 5JU info@acornlodgeharrogate.co.uk Tel: 01423 525630 Fax: 01423 564413 Acorn Lodge Harrogate A Warm & Friendly Welcome awaits you at Acorn Lodge B&B. Acorn Lodge is a Harrogate guest house gem just minutes from the historic Spa town centre and International Conference Centre. TripAdvisor Acorn Lodge Information Contact Blog Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Copyright © 2016 · Acorn Lodge Harrogate - design & SEO by theBookingsExpert.co.uk 