Among Best Small Boutique Hotels in Bodrum | 4reasons hotel+bistro 12+ Home Rooms bistro4 Weddings Wellness More Explore the Area Media Coverage About 4reasons Privacy Notice Reach Us En Tr RESERVE A Small Boutique Escape in Bodrum Peninsula One of the Best Small Boutique Hotels in Bodrum 4reasons hotel+bistro of Yalikavak 4reasons hotel+bistro  is one of the most stylish and cozy small boutique hotels in Bodrum Peninsula.  Certainly, the stunning view of the sea beyond Yalikavak, a pretty seaside town in Bodrum, helps . With only  20 rooms and suites , 4reasons aims for excellent service, entertaining exclusively guests over the age of 12. bistro4 serves unique, local and fresh Turkish Mediterranean food as well as innovative cocktails. Serving only guests over the age of 12, bistro4 has a breathtaking view of sunset beyond Yalikavak Bay. Reserve now   to start enjoying the 4reasons and bistro4. Reach Us Now Among the Coziest Small Boutique Hotels in Bodrum Boutique Room Designs | 4 Needs, 4 Selections Passionate Room For Blissful Indulgence Junior Suite For Spacious, Lazy Holidays Casual Room For Elegant Pit Stop Visits Functional Room For Functionality and Form bistro4 by 4reasons bistro4 is one of the finest restaurants in Yalikavak, Bodrum. Find out More Weddings + Events 4reasons is a perfect venue for any type of events and celebrations. Find out More Wellness & More Our gardens offer a serene and natural environment for wellness treatments. Find out More 4reasons hotel+bistro: Serenity + Design + Quality + Attitude Watch the Video to Discover! Most importantly, 4reasons hotel+bistro is near many historical and cultural sites .  Therefore please do not hesitate  Contact us  for more information.  However, the challenge is not finding “things to do in Yalikavak-Bodrum and the neighbourhood”, but rather, “how to prioritize the things to do in Yalikavak-Bodrum”, given the infinite richness of the area versus the limited time at hand. Moreover, many of our guests certainly define our retreat as a chic, boutique, and intimate luxury hotel; a hotel with character; or a peaceful five-star resort – although we avoid the star order! However, we would like to think of ourselves as a small getaway, a stylish escape from typical Bodrum hotels.  You can watch Esra describing 4reasons here .  If you wish, you can check out our instagram page . To sum up, we offer “Serenity + Design + Quality + Attitude” for a perfect escape. Instagram Site Navigation Home Rooms bistro4 Weddings & Events Wellness at 4reasons Reach Us Dirmil Mah. Bakan Cad. No: 8 Yalıkavak Bodrum, 48990 Muğla +90 (252) 385-3212 info@4reasonshotel.com Join Our Newsletter [] 1 Step 1 Your Name your full name Your Email JOIN NOW Privacy Notice Previous Next powered by FormCraft ©2018 4REASONSHOTEL.COM TRIPADVISOR HALL OF FAME: SIX-TIME WINNER OF CERTIFICATE OF EXCELLENCE AND THREE-TIME WINNER OF PEOPLE'S CHOICE AWARDS | GUEST REVIEW AWARDS 2015, 2016 BOOKING.COM 