Home - Ambelos Apartments & Studios [if lt IE 8]><div class="alert alert-warning"> You are using an outdated browser. Please <a href="http://browsehappy.com/">upgrade your browser</a> to improve your experience.</div> <![endif] Skip to main content Toggle navigation Home Hotel Accommodation Gallery Location Book a room Contact Make a reservation Ambelos Apartments & Studios Your place to relax and experience the Cretan Nature Make a reservation Truthful to Cretan's traditional sense of hospitality Sophie, France All rooms are spacious and fully equipped. Our friendly and welcoming staff will certainly make you feel at home. discover Ambelos All rooms are spacious and fully equipped. Our friendly and welcoming staff will certainly make you feel at home. discover Ambelos Little piece of heaven Manon, France The complex Ambelos Apartments & Studios is a collection of 29 apartments and studios, for families and couples alike, found close to the sea-side village of Agia Pelagia in Heraklion. The complex is found on a hill overlooking the Cretan Sea. The apartments extend over 20 acres of land full of olive trees, a vineyard and rich vegetation that paint a unique picture of a calm and relaxing atmosphere. View our rooms Really peaceful and relaxing James, Great Britain visit our gallery Location Crete Crete is the largest island in Greece and one of the largest in the Mediterranean basin. The island with its rich and impressive history, the one-of-a-kind changes of the natural landscape, the famous Cretan cuisine and above all the world-renown Cretan hospitality are the basic ingredients that make Crete a truly special destination for all travelers from around the globe. Agia Pelagia, Heraklion, Crete Agia Pelagia is a vibrant and popular resort on the northern side of the Prefecture of Heraklion, nearly in the middle of the northern coast of Crete. The village is amphitheatrically built around a sandy gulf with shinning sapphire blue waters. Not far away from the main beach, there are numerous, small, picturesque gulfs waiting to be explored. Details Testimonials People were very friendly and warm, it was like staying at a relatives place. Apartment/room was very nice it has an nice simple cozy atmosphere. As every house is surrounded by greenery and flowers, it really feels like paradise with a pool to top it all off. Andrew S., USA great location and amazing houses covered in vegetation and flowers, away from "touristic" places. the swimming pool next to the olive garden makes you feel that you are in the middle of paradise and the beach is a 10mins away walk. The personnel is very friendly and will help you with anything, we always had nice conversations every time we crossed our paths. Silviu, Romania People were very friendly and warm, it was like staying at a relatives place. Maja & Misa, Serbia Wonderful holiday in peace and in a scenery exotic, stress-free! Stéphanie, France As expected (...or better hoped) exactly the right decision! Frank, Germany Peaceful and relaxing with great views and friendly staff. Uliana, Russia Quiet location with beautiful views! Sofie, Holland Nice, clean property with a good view and friendly staff. Maraspin, Italy I think this is one of the nicest places we have ever stayed. Bidyut, Great Britain A perfect place for those looking for peace, nature, simplicity and beauty. Yifat, Israel Beautiful and relaxing! Arnaud, Belgium I was looking for a peaceful and relaxing holiday and that is exactly what I had! Anonumous Really worth it! Jessica, France Welcoming and quiet stay. Johannes, Germany Quiet stay, warm welcome and pleasant environment. Clémentine, France Searched and found... Sandra, Germany Heartwarming welcome! Marie, France Unforgettable... Luigia, Italy A paradise in the middle of vineyards and olive groves. Alix, France Great accommodation for individual holidays away from mass tourism. Sandra, Germany previous . next Copyright ©2019 Ambelos Apartments & Studios Home Hotel Accommodation Gallery Location Book a room Contact Development: JoinWeb * Design: porcupine colors Make a reservation Continuing on this website you accept the use of cookies and our terms & conditions. Read our terms & conditions. Okay, thanks 