Walking Holidays and Cycling Holidays in Europe | ATG The best way to see a country is on foot! FAQs Contact Us Facebook Instagram Telephone +44 (0) 1865 315 678 trip-enquiry@atg-oxford.com Home Trips Fitness Test People & Quality Why ATG? ATG Trust Find A Trip Trip Type All Trip Types Escorted Independent Destination All Destinations Portugal & Spain United Kingdom Italy France Spain Portugal Oman Bhutan Sri Lanka India Chile Month All Months January February March April May June July August September October November December Interest All Interests Renowned Wines Exceptional Architecture World-Class Art Astonishing Flowers Exquisite Gardens Gastronomy Outstanding Scenery Unique Geology Remarkable Birds Diverse Wildlife Top Hotels Fascinating History Beaches & Swimming Pilgrim Route Search See All Our Trips end home-hero Southern Lakes Italy Mar, Apr, May, Jun, Jul, Aug, Sep, Oct & Nov Carousel thumbnail added to functions Southern Lakes Italy May & Sep Carousel thumbnail added to functions Classic Alsace France Jun & Sep Carousel thumbnail added to functions Mallorca: Mountains & Sea Spain Apr & Oct Carousel thumbnail added to functions Paths to Peneda Portugal May, Jun, Jul, Sep & Oct Carousel thumbnail added to functions Via Nova & the Camino Real Portugal & Spain Jun, Sep & Oct Carousel thumbnail added to functions Sintra & the Portuguese Coast Portugal Apr, Sep & Oct Carousel thumbnail added to functions Secret Venice: early spring Italy Mar Carousel thumbnail added to functions Secret Venice: winter Italy Nov Carousel thumbnail added to functions Tuscany & Siena Italy Mar, Apr, May, Jun, Jul, Aug, Sep, Oct & Nov Carousel thumbnail added to functions Pieve a Castello: Painting Tuscany Italy Jun Carousel thumbnail added to functions Pieve a Castello: Great Walks! Italy Mar, Apr & Nov Carousel thumbnail added to functions Pieve a Castello: As You Like It ... Italy Apr, May, Jul, Sep & Oct Carousel thumbnail added to functions Pieve a Castello: As You Like It ... Italy May, Jul, Sep & Oct Carousel thumbnail added to functions Pieve a Castello: As You Like It ... Italy May, Jun, Jul, Aug & Oct Carousel thumbnail added to functions Land Of Piero Della Francesca Italy Sep Carousel thumbnail added to functions High Paths to Assisi Italy May & Sep Carousel thumbnail added to functions Unknown Umbria Italy May, Jun & Sep Carousel thumbnail added to functions Flowers of the Gargano Italy Apr Carousel thumbnail added to functions Discovering Sri Lanka Sri Lanka Feb Carousel thumbnail added to functions Discovering Bhutan Bhutan Mar Carousel thumbnail added to functions top-carousel ATG Oxford Brochures Click to view top-carousel-wrap Escorted Original walking holidays that provide unique insights into the areas visited. We walk - because the best way to see a country is on foot! What's Included? Find a Trip Background images need to be content managed Independent Independent cycling and walking holidays along continuous routes in Europe, managed by ATG trained Route Managers in each area. What's Included? Find a Trip Background images need to be content managed News Pieve a Castello brochure Click here to read brochure. Click here for an overview of 2019 tours and dates. Pieve a Castello is an ancient, historically and ... Read More » New Escorted Pilgrim Route New Escorted tour in Northern Portugal and Spain Via Nova & the Camino Real The 1st century Via Nova, constructed to ... Read More » New Independent Portugal Tour   Independent Footloose in Northern Portugal Paths to Peneda Why Northern Portugal?  The answer, apart from its delightful ... Read More » New Painting tour Painting Tuscany This new escorted tour is based at Pieve a Castello, ATG’s retreat in idyllic countryside between Siena ... Read More » See More News » Pieve a Castello ATG's retreat located in idyllic Tuscan countryside between Siena and Florence Read More » The best way to see a country is on foot! We never compromise on Quality to sell on price Walking is the healthiest form of exercise... ATG is one of only 3 UK companies to have retained its Investors In People accreditation for over 20 years Pieve - is just wonderful, magical... A superb walk in delightful company. No complaints! Excellent variety, including historical, cultural and walking with every opportunity to choose activities. A positively wonderful vacation. Walks set in very beautiful scenery, and easy to manage. I think it would be hard to improve. A magical trip. What a wonderful introduction to Tuscany - thank you. Lots to see along the way. Particularly appreciated picnic spots suggested by our route manager. Newsletter Leave your email address and we'll send you occasional e-newsletters If you are human, leave this field blank. Featured Trips Paths to Peneda NEW Footloose! Portugal Little-known 'most beautiful area of Portugal' ... May, Jun, Jul, Sep & Oct Via Nova & the Camino Real New trip! Portugal & Spain Discovering the 1st century AD Via Nova, its ... Jun, Sep & Oct Pieve a Castello: Painting Tuscany New trip! Italy Spend each morning painting in an idyllic spot at ... Jun Pieve a Castello: Great Walks! Exceptional Architecture, World-Class Art, Gastronomy, ... Italy Based at Pieve a Castello, ATG's 8th Century, ... Mar, Apr & Nov Land Of Piero Della Francesca Exceptional Architecture, World-Class Art, Gastronomy, Top ... Italy Idyllic scenery with long views and delightful ... Sep Assisi Christmas 21-26 December Italy Medieval hill towns, art and landscape. Walk down ... Dec Trips ATG Trust 11th Trip Free Work with ATG Start subfooter (dark green) Contact Us Booking Conditions Financial Security Privacy Policy FAQs Gift Shop Alternative Travel Group T/A ATG Oxford. 274 Banbury Road , Oxford , OX2 7DY , United Kingdom. Registered company number : 1449375, VAT Registration number : 348 2372 47 © Copyright ATG Oxford 2019. All Rights Reserved. Home Trips Fitness Test People & Quality Why ATG? ATG Trust End subfooter page-wrap 