 An Isle of Wight holiday on Shanklin seafront at The Aqua Welcome Facilities Accommodation Restaurant Isle of Wight Tariffs Book Online Contact us Gallery load jPushMenu, required call jPushMenu, required 01983 863024 Welcome Facilities Accommodation Restaurant Isle of Wight Tariffs Contact Book Online Gallery A warm welcome awaits The Brasserie at The Aqua Overlooking the Beach A room with a view A large selection of drinks Check availability A warm welcome awaits Our family have run The Aqua with pride for almost 40 years and have built a fine reputation for our top quality service, superb food and a friendliness that has created a lasting bond with many guests from around the world. It is our hope that you will enjoy an Isle of Wight break here in Shanklin at The Aqua and in turn find that it is just the place for you - time and time again. A room with a view Our Balcony Rooms overlook the Beach and Seafront and have the most amazing views of the beautiful Bay, stretching from the distant Cliffs of Redcliffe, Culver and Bembridge Down all the way across to Horseshoe Ledge and Luccombe Cliffs in the South. The Brasserie Our in-house restaurant is The Brasserie where guests can book a table and dine in the comfort of its New England style and decor, on any evening of the week. There is a superb menu available plus an ever changing selection on the specials board. In addition we have a separate bar that offers a varied range of both alcoholic and soft drinks plus a superb wine list which includes a wonderful choice of global wines at very reasonable prices. Ferry and Accommodation reservations We have a dedicated team available during the day to answer any queries you may have about reservations or ferry bookings. Whilst we always offer a Bed & Breakfast accommodation package, we can also offer Car Ferry bookings on any of the routes at preferential rates. However they must be linked to bookings made by telephone with our reservations team on 01983 863024.  Check availability Location, location, location The Aqua has probably the finest beachfront location for a seaside holiday or break. Situated in a sheltered position just metres away from the sandy beach, guests can enjoy the benefits of the sea and sand within a minute of leaving their accommodation. Certificate of Excellence 2017 / #CDSWIDCOE Certificate of Excellence 2016 / #CDSWIDCOE Certificate of Excellence 2015 / #CDSWIDCOE Certificate of Excellence 2014 / #CDSWIDCOE Certificate of Excellence 2013 / #CDSWIDCOE Just yards from the beach   The one thing we learn from people staying at The Aqua is they don't normally experience being so close to the sea. When you stay here, a few strides is all that is needed to get to the sandy beach and even dip your toes in the water before breakfast. Just one of the pleasures that will make your Isle of Wight holiday special. Check availability Our facilities Our Island   17 The Esplanade, Shanklin, Isle of Wight PO37 6BN 01983 863024 Email: james@theaqua.co.uk > Tariffs > Contact us > Accommodation > Gallery > Welcome > Facilities 