Barcelona Apartments | Apartments in Barcelona | Apartime Apartments Monthly rentals Barcelona guide Contact search barcelona apartments From To People All 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 Search Book by Phone & email Spain +34 933 017 210 USA +1 718 9715705 Italy +39 06 98968956 UK +44 20 80994148 Email info@apartime.com Call me back! Leave your name and telephone number, and we will call you back! Leave this empty: Monthly Rentals The Gran Via Penthouse apartment Eixample 4 Price from 80€ Central Apartment with Terrace Eixample 6 Price from 85€ Art Gallery Apartment 3A Poble sec 4 Price from 80€ Monthly rentals BARCELONA APARTMENTS FOR RENT BY THE MONTH Raval, Gothic, Borne, Eixample, Barceloneta Sagrada Familia 3 Bedrooms II Eixample 5 Price from 75€ Art Gallery Apartment 4A Poble sec 4 Price from 80€ Art Gallery Apartment 2B Poble sec 4 Price from 80€ Art Gallery Apartment Ppl Poble sec 4 Price from 80€ Art Gallery Apartment 3B Poble sec 4 Price from 80€ Costa Brava Rentals Costa Brava vacation rental apartments Show all apartments Professionally managed apartments in Barcelona Apartime.com is a local company specializing in offering fully equipped apartments for short term and for monthly rent , in the center of Barcelona. Our mission is to provide quality accommodation for affordable prices. We have deliberately and carefully selected a limited amount of exclusive properties that comply with our strict, high quality standards to ensure your stay in Barcelona meets your expectations. Unlike many of the popular global websites, we specialize in Barcelona apartments , offering a personalized and professional service in situ. At Apartime we are aware of the quality of service our clients are looking for. In order to meet these demands, we have a dedicated in-house team for managing our apartments, enabling us to maintain a European standard of quality in terms of the cleaning and maintenance of the apartments. From our offices in Barcelona we manage and monitor the entire process of the booking from the reservation, through the check in process, client attention 24/7 365 days of the year and we provide a fast response when necessary. Our rapidly increasing number of repeat guests demonstrate the success of our vision. Apartime.com was created as a family business in early 2003, with the burst of Internet. We have created a young and enthusiastic team, formed by professionals from the Barcelona tourist and real estate industries. When you choose an Apartime apartment, you can rest assured that we will take care of everything. As we manage all our apartments, you are not dependent on the owners should something go wrong, as is the case with certain large global portals, instead any problem will be quickly resolved by our dedicated team on standby. Our apartments are located in the most central locations in Barcelona : La Eixample, el Barri de Gracia, the Gothic quarter, El Borne, the Raval, Poblesec, Barceloneta. Within the different neighborhoods we have selected apartments in the best streets and made sure your home in Barcelona well connected by Metro station. Special attention has been paid to the apartment’s decoration and furniture. In each apartment provide an operation manual and we have edited a special printed tourist guide magazine with useful tourist information about the city. We can also arrange airport transfer for our clients and we offer additional cleaning and laundry services upon request. Our friendly check in team can advise you on activities an places to visit. Booking your apartment through Apartime.com is easier than in many of the other web sites. You don’t need to sign up or to create and account, just 3 simple steps to complete your booking. Our cancellation policy is flexible and if you have doubt regarding the reservation process of the specification of the flat we are happy to attend your call or email.   Monthly rentals Districts Barcelona Events Barcelona Guide Blog Who we are How it works Terms and conditions Cookies & Privacy Policy Costa Brava apartments FAQ Apartments by district Raval Gothic Borne Poble Sec Eixample Poble Nou Port and Beach Barceloneta Gracia Owner access Remember Me Log in Forgot your password? Forgot your username? Looking to buy a house in Barcelona? Follow us at 