Ardagh Hotel & Restaurant - Clifden Hotels - Connemara Hotels logo Open Menu Home About Us Photo Gallery Getting Here Contact Hotel Hotel Rooms Seafood Restaurant Cocktail Wine Bar & Lounges Connemara Wild Atlantic Way WAW Site – Derrigimlagh Bog Book Hotel News & Offers Contact Hotel Getting Here navigation Home About Us Photo Gallery Getting Here Contact Hotel Hotel Rooms Seafood Restaurant Cocktail Wine Bar & Lounges Connemara Wild Atlantic Way WAW Site – Derrigimlagh Bog Book Hotel News & Offers Contact Hotel Getting Here • is search Above Sidebar Section View from hotel Sea View Suite Bar Lounge Turf Fire Hotel WordPress Slideshow Version 2.3.1 Sidebar With Content Section Clifden Connemara Hotel Book Dinner & Save 10% On Room Rate Best Rate Guarantee  *   Complimentary Breakfast  *  Parking  *  WiFi  Check In Night 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Check Out Adults 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Children 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Explore Connemara The Ardagh Hotel & Restaurant is located in the heart of beautiful, scenic Connemara on the half way point of The Wild Atlantic Way Route. Offering guests a warmly inviting refuge and an ideal touring base for all of Connemara & Clifden. Experience Our Homegrown Produce Get a taste of Connemara in The Ardagh Restaurant as our ever changing menu reflects the freshest seasonal produce grown organically on the hotel grounds. Enjoy Open Turf Fireplaces Oak tables, wine casks, candles and plump pillows, as well as the scent of open turf fireplaces provide ample opportunity for relaxation & quiet conversations around the hotel—or feel free to join us at the bar for a bit of chat while listening to the grand piano.   “Oh, I do like to be beside the seaside.” 10 of the best briny hotels, perfect for a healthy dose of salty sea air . Top 10 Seaside Hotels in Ireland , Sandra O'Connell - The Irish Times “Loved loved this place. Was taken here on surprise weekend away. Very friendly and helpful staff. Restaurant is amazing so even if not staying here it’s well worth a visit. It’s frequented by locals so book in advance. The rooms were beautifully comfortable and luxurious. The bar with real turf fire and comfy couches made you never want to leave. Having frequented Clifden a lot over the years this was my first time in this hotel and now I wouldn’t stay anywhere else!!! ” Room Tip: Yes ask for a sea view on the second floor- really really worth it!! “Weekend get away” , Dublin, Ireland - Tripadvisor “I only have positive things to say about the Ardagh Hotel. Our room was large, very bright & cosy. We slept really well – it’s lovely to leave feeling so refreshed. Breakfast was delicious with great cooked options and the breakfast rooms had stunning views over the bay. The staff are very friendly and the hotel has a really cheerful atmosphere. Stefan, the owner, gave us a really warm welcome and lots of really helpful sight-seeing/walking tips. Overall great value for money. I will definitely stay here again. As a tip – for a little extra you can get a room with views overlooking the sea. I think it is worth it! “ “Wonderful stay” , Dublin, Ireland - Tripadvisor “Beautifully located & long-established hotel & restaurant , with wonderful sea and mountain views – a warm reception is sure to set the tone for an enjoyable evening.” Georgina Campbell , Georgina Campbell's Ireland Guide “I stayed here for 2 days and had great service from the time that I entered the door. Very helpful staff.. courteous, light, and very knowledgeable on the area for information. The beauty of the views are absolutely amazing with beautiful vegetation and shrubbery inside and out of the building. The food and drinks were expensive in my opinion, but I was there to splurge. Great place! “ “Luxurious ” , St. Charles, Mo - Tripadvisor “We have just spent a week here and have had the most wonderfully relaxing time. The location is perfect, the food quite delicious and the owners and staff make you feel at home, nothing is too much trouble. We will definitely stay again Thank you Stephane, Monique, Serge and the rest of the team for making our holiday so enjoyable and relaxing “ “Just wonderful!” , Herstmonceux, United Kingdom - Tripadvisor Welcome to The Ardagh Hotel & Restaurant A Clifden Connemara Hotel The Ardagh Hotel & Restaurant is a long established, family owned and managed 20 bedroom boutique Clifden Connemara hotel. Peacefully located on the edge of the beautiful Ardbear bay. Each of the Ardagh’s well-furnished rooms has its own unique charm. Many rooms overlook the bay and some over our gardens. Perched well above the sea, the multi award-winning Ardagh Restaurant serves the finest locally caught seafood, home grown & Irish farm produce. Together they provide some of the most serene and stunning views of the Wild Irish Atlantic and the Connemara landscape. The Connemara National Park , Kylemore Abbey & the  Connemara Championship Golf Links at Ballyconneely are a quick drive away. We can arrange tee times and discounted greens fees for hotel residents. Isolated beaches, quiet bays, the  Derrigimlagh discovery point  and the majestic 12 Ben Mountains all but surround you. Enjoy captivating sunsets while dining in our restaurant. Retreat for a quiet drink while enjoying the glow of an open turf fire in our cosy lounges.  Or join the conversation at the bar before retiring to your warm and inviting bedroom . For a relaxing break that won’t break your budget, why not spend a few unforgettable days in the timeless beauty of Connemara . We are 2.5km from Clifden Town, Connemara, County Galway The quaint town of Clifden is situated on the west coast of Ireland in County Galway against the backdrop of the 12 Ben Mountains and a beautiful rugged coastline. The town is the center of the Connemara region  and is known as the Capital of Connemara . Clifden is a lively location full of shops , pubs , restaurants and cafés.  Although the major attraction in the area is the landscape, the town of Clifden is a great place to spend some time. Check out Clifden  with our shuttle for only €6 one way, seating up to 4 people. Below Sidebar Section gdlr-content content wrapper Contact Us The Ardagh Hotel & Restaurant Clifden, Connemara Co. Galway Phone: +353 95 21384 Email: info@ardaghhotel.com Quick Links Home About Us Photo Gallery Book Hotel Clifden Contact Hotel Clifden Getting Here Links Awards & Recommendations   The Ardagh Hotel & Restaurant, Clifden, Connemara, Co. Galway. Phone: +353 095 21384 . E-mail: info@ardaghhotel.com . Copyright 2016 All Rights Reserved Developed by NETLINK body-wrapper 