Skarinou Agrotourist Ltd | Skarinou apartments Cyprus | Studio apartments in Cyprus end logo Home Accommodations Anna House Cosmas House Michalis House Lito House Anesi House Location About Cyprus Photo Gallery Anna House Cosmas House Michalis House Lito House Anesi House Book Online Contact us end topnav end nav end nav-main end nav-container end header end slider end slider-main end slider-container end container end wrapper-header Welcome to Traditional Village Houses Skarinou Cyprus is the third largest island in the Mediterranean Sea. According to legend, Aphrodite, the ancient Greek Goddess of beauty and love, was born in Cyprus. Travellers throughout antiquity came here just to pay her tribute. The island has plentiful sunshine, throughout the year and there is so much history, culture, tradition in Cyprus, one cannot get bored. Anna House Anna House was built in1880 and renovated in 2000.It offers unique traditional appartments. It has an amazing inner yard with lemon and other fruit trees which forward their shadows for book reading. Photo Gallery | Read More | Book Now Cosmas House Cosmas House was built in 1870 and renovated in 1998. It is located at the center of the village, a few meters away from the “Panayia Odigitria” church. It has 3 studios , 1 luxury studio and 1 family apartment. Photo Gallery | Read More | Book Now Michalis House It was built in 1850 and renovated in 2002. It has 1 luxury studio, 1 one-bedroom apartment and 1 two-bedroom apartment.The traditional inner yard landscaped with local trees and flowers offers a private sitting area for each apartment. Photo Gallery | Read More | Book Now Lito House It was built in 1920 and renovated in 2004 and 2013.It has 1 studio,1 luxury studio and 2 one-bedroom apartments .It is ideal for visitors who appreciate privacy, quietness and want to enjoy a relaxing,traditional and authentic holiday in the heart of Cyprus. It shares a swimming pool . Photo Gallery | Read More | Book Now Anesi House Anesi is a character stone-built house located in the centre of the traditional village Skarinou. It was built in 1910 and renovated in 2008.A house with special character and traditional architecture. Photo Gallery | Read More | Book Now   clear float #maincontent clear float end #main end content end container end wrapper-content The Hotel Anna House Cosmas House Michalis House Lito House Anesi House Special Offer Follow us     Photogallery View all end main-footer end footer end container end wrapper-footer Copyright ©2012 Skarinou Hotel. All Rights Reserved.Powered by F.I.S.H end container end after-footer end outer-container if javascript disable 