Amalfi Coast Villa Madonnina | rental | pool | ocean view Skip to content THE VILLA INSIDE OUTSIDE SERVICES ACTIVITIES INFORMATION FEEDBACK CONTACT THE VILLA INSIDE OUTSIDE SERVICES ACTIVITIES INFORMATION FEEDBACK CONTACT Take a morning swim Enjoy the fabulous views Feel at home Relax on the terrace Cool off in the pool The Villa Madonnina Frank Lerchenmüller 2019-06-03T18:47:15+00:00 Amalfi Coast villa for rent, close to Positano Unique Villa la Madonnina with pool, sea access, parking, spectacular views 3 Bedrooms Sleeps 6 The villa is romantically secluded  but  close  to the famous towns of  Amalfi  and  Positano Enjoy breathtaking sea views  from all terraces and rooms Swim in the pool or dive into the sea  from a platform with deckchairs Expansive space to relax in : 210 m² (2100 ft²) indoors, two large terraces (240 m², 2400 ft²) Feel at home: Furnished as an upscale family home, original paintings and sculptures Admire the awesome hallway: it is a masterpiece, carved out of the rock Air conditioning / central heating  for the colder season, ideal for all seasons including winter Stay connected: free WLAN Get groceries delivered  to your kitchen Free parking Its unique character makes Villa la Madonnina the perfect place for your vacation . An enchanting environment will make your dream vacation come true with lasting memories. “From start to finish, our most wonderful vacation yet! From the breathtaking scenery to the astonishing craftsmanship of the home, Villa la Madonnina is a dream come true.” J. Jackmauh , Old Greenwich, CT, USA Feel at home Inside Stay in an upscale Italian family home with original paintings and sculptures. Spend your time in a large living room with a comfortable seating area and dining table or in the cosy drawing room with an antique fireplace. Prepare a delicious meal in the well-equipped kitchen. Read More An oasis for your well being Outside The mild climate of the Amalfi coast invites you to spend your time in the fresh Mediterranean air. In our villa you have plenty of space to enjoy the sunshine, relax in the shade, wine and dine, listen to the sound of the sea and go swimming in the pool or in the sea. Read More We care about you Services We want to help make your vacation an unforgettable experience by services and amenities for your comfort, e.g. fill the fridge, pickup service for a restaurant, a booklet with helpful information and recommendations. Ask a chef to cook for you. Read More Location: Villa la Madonnina is set like a diamond in a magnificent position, nestled close to Praiano among the beautiful inlets of the breathtaking Amalfi coast. It is  ideally located to visit the romantic towns  of Positano (8miles/11km), Amalfi (5 miles/8km) and Ravello and to set out for excursions to Capri, Pompeii, Paestum, Sorrento and Naples . Once an ancient fishing village, today Praiano is a lively seaside resort. In its Marina di Praia there are several  charming Italian restaurants  within walking distance from the villa. Praiano is known for its mild  climate , with gentle winds in the hot season and presents itself to the sea as a cascade of white houses on a green, flowering slope.  The closest airport is Napoli (Naples) – 75 km (50 miles) 1,5 – 2 hrs by car.  From Roma (Rome) it is about 290 km (180 miles). Book Your Vacation Now! Feel at home CHECK AVAILABILITY Phone: +43 677 62388233 Email: reserve@villa-la-madonnina.com MORE INFORMATION The Villa Madonnina Contact Legal Disclosure Cookie Policy © Copyright 2009 -     |   All Rights Reserved. Social media & sharing icons powered by UltimatelySocial We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it. Ok Read more 