Pelekas beach apartments Rainbow | Relaxing holidays at Pelekas beach, in the rich nature of Corfu Pelekas beach apartments Rainbow Relaxing holidays at Pelekas beach, in the rich nature of Corfu Search Main menu Skip to primary content Skip to secondary content Home Getting here Amalia’s Garden Pelekas Beach Apartments Maisonette, 2-4 persons Apartments B/C, 2-4 persons Apartment A, 2 persons Studio Prices Corfu Pelekas beach, Kontogialos Contact Recipes Traditional Corfian kitchen Taditional Greek Kitchen Studio #branding Rainbow Apartments Pelekas Beach .entry-header  Location Of Rainbow Apartments At Rainbow Apartments we have been receiving guests and offering hospitality and relaxing holidays for many years. Amalia is your loving host, with the precious help of her husband Michalis and their two children, Spyros and Alexandros. We will all offer you our services everyday to make sure you have a carefree and pleasant stay in our recently renovated apartments at Pelekas beach, Corfu . Rainbow Apartments are built in a breathtaking green scenery with seaview over the big blue of the Ionian Sea. The apartments are just 50 meters from the beautiful sandy beach of Kontogialos (Pelekas beach) on the west coast of Corfu. Surrounding the house is a magnificent garden with grapevines, fruit trees, flowers and vegetables, as well as a terrace with tables and chairs our guests can use. At Rainbow Apartments there is also ample parking space inside the premises. Your holidays start pleasantly, as Amalia welcomes you to our apartments with a bottle of white, homemade wine, a corfiot sweet called pastaflora she bakes herself with pure, natural, organic ingredients and a delicious meal cooked by Alexandros and Spyros, both great cooks specializing in traditional Greek meals, using fresh, pure ingredients from their garden and their own, home made olive oil. The total peace and quiet offered by the green island of Corfu along with our hospitality will make your summer holidays at Rainbow Apartments unforgettable! Here you can find instructions on how to get to our apartments . Slideshow link [Show as slideshow] Thumbnails Pagination .entry-content .entry-meta #post-79 #comments #content #primary English Deutsch Ελληνικά Check our Partner A bottle of home made wine and a pasta flora with every booking! Mrs Amalia will be serving you home made sweets, marmalades and local pancakes during your stay! Towels, linen and cleaning of the room twice per week while mrs Amalia gets the rubbish out of the rooms daily. Rainbow Photos #secondary .widget-area #main Contact Rainbow Apartments Tel (Summer): +30 26610 95106, Tel (Winter): +30 26610 43642, Mobile: +30 6939930411, email: info@amaliahaus.com #first .widget-area #third .widget-area #supplementary Proudly powered by Green Corfu Web Services #colophon #page 