Am Bothan – World Class Hostel Skip to content Am Bothan World Class Hostel Facilities Location Gallery Links Contact Show Offscreen Content TODO: Move to Template File. Hide Offscreen Content Main Content World Class Hostel Isle Of Harris · Outer Hebrides Availability Check In – Out Guests may arrive at any time from 4.00 p.m. on the day of arrival and we ask that guests vacate by 10am on day of departure. Due to the nature of where we are, these times can be flexible. just get in touch and we'll see what we can do. Booking Form Arrival Departure Tariff: £25 per person/night Use the Booking Form to make a reservation April through October . Bookings are taken on request for the period Oct 1st through April 1st. For those use our Contact Page to get in touch. Contact Book a Bed We may have to shuffle the room bookings around to better suit your preference. If there are beds available but in different rooms, you should book them to make sure you have a bed and we'll do our best to suit you. Contact Unique Space “By far the best hostel I have ever stayed in … beautiful place, and so friendly” Kate Spencer, London Getting Here Where is Am Bothan? The bunkhouse is located just a short walk from Leverburgh ferry terminal at the South end of the Isle Of Harris. Getting to Harris and around the island is easy whatever your preferred method of transport. A frequent bus service passes in front of  ‘Am Bothan’ and will take you to all ferry terminals, main villages and places of interest on the island. “Cosy, warm & welcoming place, filled with lovely people” Hanna Am Bothan is a bunkhouse with a difference. Exceptional facilities offer the very best of Hebridean hospitality in an enchanting location with beautiful views over The Sound of Harris. Whether you are an outdoor enthusiast, wildlife lover, island bagger or just want to escape the hustle and bustle. Am Bothan welcomes people from all walks of life. Availability And Relax… Am Bothan, Ferry Road, Leveburgh, Isle Of Harris, HS5 3UA, Scotland Rich Text Editor Templates 