Gatineau Hotel : Auberge de la Gare - Gatineau(Hull) - Ottawa - Outaouais 205 Boul. St-Joseph, Gatineau, QC, J8Y 3X3 1-866-778-8085 819-778-8085 info@aubergedelagare.ca HOTEL OUR ROOMS PACKAGES LOCATION CONFERENCE ROOM CLUB SÉLECT PHOTO ALBUM FRANÇAIS 205 Boul. St-Joseph, Gatineau, QC, J8Y 3X3 1-866-778-8085 819-778-8085  info@aubergedelagare.ca Previous Next A hotel in the heart of Gatineau-Ottawa Auberge de la Gare is a hotel located minutes away from downtown Ottawa, the Casino du Lac-Leamy, the region's finest restaurants, Gatineau Park, bicycle paths, numerous museums, golf courses and shopping centers. Modern, comfortable, and quiet Rooms With the charm of an inn and the character of a large hotel, let yourself be pampered by our friendly and courteous staff. See our rooms Nice, quiet and clean place The property was very quiet and small but very clean. Even cleaner than some of the five star hotels we've been to. Room was nicely set up and had ample space. Anura (May 2018) Booking.com: The hotel itself is a small one, while room is not so tiny,... it is very clean and cozy. The staffs are friendly and helpful. The breakfast is good, especially the big coffe machine, it can make different kinds of tasty coffee. I went with my familly, everybody loves the small, clean, quiet and cozy hotel. I would recommend it. Yuanyuan (Septemeber 2018) Booking.com: Pleasing Staff was very friendly, the room was clean modern and bed was very comfortable. I was pleasantly surprised with the down filled pillows. Excellent nights sleep. Would highly recommend ! Anonymous (December 2018) Expedia.com: Super deal for the price Five minutes to Ottawa, and straight down the street 10 minutes to the Casino. Rooms were very clean and large. Bed was great. Checkin was very quick and easy. Staff very friendly and spoke excellent English, ( as my French is lacking). Parking is free and we had one of the best breakfast in a long time. Eggs, sausage, home fries, juices, yogurt,coffee, cappuccinos, fruit, toast and bagels. Really good. r g (July 2018) Tripadvisor.com: Left and right controls Previous Review Next Review And... Internet Free! Continental breakfast Free! Premium channels Free! P Parking Free! By telephone: 1-866-778-8085 Take the time to relax and replenish your energy Turn your stay into a relaxing adventure with our Nordik Spa-Nature packes. Come discover the biggest spa in North America! See our packages Privacy notice × Privacy Notice Effective Date: January 2019 This privacy notice aims to explain what information we collect from and why. This notice applies to Auberge de la Gare and the website www.aubergedelagare.ca. It is important to note that this notice applies only to Auberge de la Gare. This site uses components from Booking.com, Google, and other third party providers. They have their own privacy policy. Webpages on www.aubergedelagare.ca that use their services have a link to their privacy polices. What data do we collect? We collect only the minimum amount of personal data necessary to operate our hotel business. Information to identify you: This includes your complete name and the names of other guests staying at the hotel. Under rare occasions, proof of identification may be asked, and the id numbers will be collected with your acknowledgement. Information to identify your location such as your address. Information necessary in order to contact you such as your phone number(s), fax number, and email address. Payment information such as the method of payment (cash, debit card, billing, or credit card). When payment is done by credit card, the type of card, credit card number, the name on card, the expiration date, and the security code is collected; Information related to your stay at the hotel. This includes the date of arrival and departure (number of nights of your stay), number of people staying in the room, room preferences, as well as other requests you have made during your current stay and could help us improve your future stays. Any and all data collected in a survey by the hotel in which you willingly participated. Data collected by our web hosting services includes your user-agent information, the IP address used to access the website, the requested URLs, error logs, and the time of access. Why do we collect this data? We collect this data to make your stay comfortable to the best of our ability. Reservations and guests folio: We use your personal data to complete your guest folio and your reservation. Customer service: We use your personal data to provide customer service. Your personal information can be used to speed up future reservations and check-ins as well as improve your stay by catering to your preferences. General communications: We may contact you via e-mail, text message, or by phone for several reasons. This may be to complete, confirm, or cancel your reservation. We may also contact you for objects of value that were forgotten at the hotel. We will also contact you for outstanding invoices or with regards to any damages that you your party may have committed on the premises Fraud prevention: Your information will be used to prevent fraud and other illegal activities. Legal and compliance: Your information will be used to comply with regulations, and lawful requests. Statistical data: We may use your data for statistical purposes. This allows us to identify our customer base as well as tailor future changes to the hotel towards customer satisfaction. Marketing: We will use your data, with your permission, to contact you about eligible promotions and newsletters. These are optional and you can unsubscribe at your will. Data Sharing Auberge de la Gare does not share data with third-party. However, www.aubergedelagare.ca uses component from Booking.com and Google. You must read their data usage and privacy policy and make sure that you are comfortable with what they do with your personal information. Link to their policies are available wherever their components are being used. The data you provide on such pages goes directly to the third-party and is not observed by Auberge de la Gare. Security Auberge de la Gare uses reasonable technical and physical protection to prevent unauthorizes access to your personal data. Data Retention Your information will be retained by us as long as we determine it to be necessary to improve our business, better serve our customers, prevent fraud or other illegal activities, and to comply with laws and law enforcement requests. Your options You can inform us of any changes to your personal data, or you can ask us to correct any of the personal data we hold about you. You can ask us to delete certain information that we have of you. Only information deemed not critical to maintain a record of guests can be omitted. This is a hospitality business and a traceable record of our guests need to be maintained for security. You can ask us for a copy of the personal data we hold about you. DO NOT TRACK Our data collection and usage operations do not change with a Do Not Track signal from your browser. Policy changes Our privacy policy is subject to change with progresses in technology, changes in the law, and the operation of the hotel business. This link will show our latest policy, and you are most welcome to check the page for any changes. For any substantial changes to the policy, you will be contacted. Cookies “Cookies” are data files that are placed on your device or computer and often include an anonymous unique identifier. For more information about cookies, and how to disable cookies, visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org. Auberge de la Gare does not use cookies, however, Auberge de la Gare uses services from Booking.com and Google which may use them. Webpages on this site which uses services provided from third party have links to their privacy policy. Please consult their privacy policy and ensure that you’re comfortable with it. Contact us For more information about our privacy practices, if you have questions, or if you would like to make a complaint, please contact us by e-mail at admin@aubergedelagare.ca or by mail using the details provided below: 205 boul. St-Joseph, Gatineau, QC, J8Y 3X3, Canada Close Sitemap Hotel Our rooms Packages Location Reservations Conference room Club Sélect Photo album Français © Auberge de la Gare (2015), Privacy notice 