Auckland City Accommodation Serviced Luxury Apartments Auckland NZ Home Book Gallery Accommodation F.A.Q.’s Getting around About Us Contact Auckland Waterfront Serviced Apartments 0800 287 123 NZ Only Book Now Home Book Gallery Accommodation F.A.Q.’s Getting around About Us Contact Check In Date Book Now! Auckland Waterfront Serviced Apartments on Prince's Wharf Right in the heart of the city and on the edge of the sparkling Waitemata harbour – staying with us, you get to enjoy the benefits of city life with constantly changing harbourside vistas.  If you’re looking for a unique staycation, where you can relax in your own space…then our self-catering apartments are a great base for exploring and experiencing Auckland. We’re not a hotel, we’re a place to stop and breathe (that’s why we have a minimum 3-night stay, – it’s your home away from home).   (And be sure to book the genuine experience with us...look for the AWSA logo on your documentation) Reviews Instagram Trip Advisor About Us Relax in your own space, right in the heart of the city and on the edge of the sparkling Waitemata harbour .  We’re not a hotel, we’re a place to stop and breathe.  Each of our unique self-catering apartments offers a great base for exploring and experiencing Auckland.(that’s why we have a minimum 3-night stay, – it’s your home away from home). Our resident Kiwi  onsite Managers Alison and Graeme are looking forward to welcoming you. Follow Us Stay with us... Note:  Please be aware that there are some private apartment rentals located on Prince's Wharf. Our team only manage and service those that are booked through Auckland Waterfront Serviced Apartments (AWSA) so to be sure you receive great onsite service – be sure to book with us (check for our logo on the booking information) Contact Us Telephone: +64 21 972 401 Toll free : 0800 287 123  (within NZ)   Prince's Wharf, 143 Quay St Auckland, New Zealand Availability Check Availability Our booking and related policies   © Auckland Waterfront Serviced Apartments - 2018 - Admin 