Home Home House Rooms Breakfast Area The View Sitting Room Breakfast Menu Area Kenmare Ring of Kerry Ring of Beara Muckross House Location Location Map Driving Directions Activities Cycling Fishing Golf Walking Water Sports Local Events Gallery Contact Book Now Kenmare, Co. Kerry   +353 64 66 42735   +353 64 66 42735 info@abbeycourtkenmare.com info@abbeycourtkenmare.com Select Language English Afrikaans Albanian Arabic Armenian Azerbaijani Basque Belarusian Bulgarian Catalan Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Croatian Czech Danish Dutch Estonian Filipino Finnish French Galician Georgian German Greek Haitian Creole Hebrew Hindi Hungarian Icelandic Indonesian Irish Italian Japanese Korean Latvian Lithuanian Macedonian Malay Maltese Norwegian Persian Polish Portuguese Romanian Russian Serbian Slovak Slovenian Spanish Swahili Swedish Thai Turkish Ukrainian Urdu Vietnamese Welsh Yiddish › ‹ 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Bayside Luxury All Rooms Ensuite Short Stroll to Kenmare Close to Kenmare Golf Club Great Base for Touring Kerry Walking and Fishing Nearby Book Now Abbey Court Kenmare , B&B Welcome to Abbey Court Bed and Breakfast in Kenmare, County Kerry, where the Ceallaigh family are committed to ensuring that your every moment will be memorable, relaxing and enjoyable. Abbey Court offers luxury accommodation and an extensive breakfast menu near the shore of Kenmare Bay. We also have plenty of parking and are just a short walk from the heritage town of Kenmare. We believe in not just answering our guests' needs but anticipating them, the warm friendly smile and gentle service will greet you after a day spent exploring the rugged and wild Beara Peninsula, the world famous Ring of Kerry or perhaps a day spent golfing or shopping in Kenmare. There is also a plethora of outdoor activities in the Kenmare area. Welcome to Abbey Court Bed and Breakfast, Kenmare, where nothing is overlooked but the sea. At Abbey Court all our rooms are en-suite. During the season we're often fully booked. To avoid disappointment we recommend you to book ahead. You can use the Booking Enquiry on this website, send us an email or give us a call on +353 64 66 42735 . View Our Video Kenmare Weather   Latest Events View Full Calendar No events +353 64 66 42735   Abbey Court B & B Killowen, Kilgarvan Road, Kenmare, Co. Kerry   info@abbeycourtkenmare.com Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us on Google+ Site Map Our Terms Website maintained by ITS Ireland © 2016 Abbey Court Kenmare Member Login Login Form Username Password Remember Me Forgot your password? Forgot your username? 