Amarandos Sea View Apartments, Chios Greece Skip to content Menu Home Rooms Guest Reviews Contact English Türkçe Ελληνικά Italiano #site-navigation All-day phone: +30 697 911 3891 Amarandos Sea View Apartments, Chios Greece .wrap .site-branding Chios: The island Let your senses guide you through the unique aroma of mastic and citrus from medieval villages, to the honey-colored stone mansions of Kampos. Travel back to 3000 years of history, from Homer to Byzantine years until the realities of today. Add another dimension to your view with the tulips, the countless species of wild orchids, the crystal blue waters and the great architecture of the mastic villages. Chios is one of those islands that grows on you slowly but has a lasting effect. With its rich history the traditional villages, the very hospitable and surprisingly friendly people Chios remains one of the hidden gems of Greece islands. Vokaria: The Location There are few villages on the island of Chios that are situated directly by the sea . Most of them were once built on the hills of the inland to avoid being overrun by any of the then common pirates. The bathing resorts of the island are all built in recent times, which means that only a handful of places by the sea can be found nowadays that are not already overrun by tourists. Luckily the small beach place of Vokaria is one of them. Amarandos: Our Hotel This is where we built our new Amarandos Apartments. Invisible from the small road but still only 15m away from the beach , they are the ideal location for those in search of a comfortable and pleasant vacation, with everything necessary to make your stay an unforgettable one, but without the noisy disadvantages of the larger touristic areas. #post-## Panel 1 Rooms .entry-header We offer two types of rooms: Apartments & Maisonettes Our Apartments Continue reading “Rooms” → .entry-content .wrap .panel-content #post-## Panel 2 Guest Reviews .entry-header James (USA) We returned for our second stay and were again delighted. There are few words to describe the healthful impact for your soul as you take in the Aegean from your balcony. This is richly complemented by the cleanliness and design of the living space, direct access to the sea and local cuisine, and the devotion of Angeliki to each guest and the success of their visit. Thank you again. Peter and Anda Huijbrecht (The Netherlands) My wife and I stayed here for two weeks and it was wonderful. We were very kindly received in a well maintained apartment. It has a a magnificent view over the Aegean sea. Cleaning was done twice a week. A quiet place with two restaurants near the harbor, the beach only a few paces away. Angelika und Hannelore Die Schiffsreise nach Chios wird durch einen paradiesischen Strand und eine herrliche Unterkunft mehr als wettgemacht. Ruhe und Erholung pur. Die Vermieterin sorgt umsichtig und freundlich für das Wohl ihrer Gäste, inklusive selbst gemachten Kuchen und Marmelade. Wir freuen uns auf ein Wiedersehen. Massimo La posizione strategica della costruzione, la gentilezza e cortesia dei proprietrari e della referente,l’assoluta tranquillita’ del luogo. Philippe Tout: l exposition, propreté et accueil Silvia Αlles. Sehr nette Betreuung durch die Besitzerin. Aysen Sea view, comfort, large rooms , location, price…everything was just what we were looking for. Evin Balkonunuzda yemek yerken/keyif yaparken Ege Denizi’nin ayaklarınızın altında, İzmir kıyılarının karşınızda olması harika bir şey. Bahçeden gelen lavanta kokuları ve etrafta gezinti yaparken gelen kır çiçeklerinin kokusu.. Continue reading “Guest Reviews” → .entry-content .wrap .panel-content #post-## Panel 3 Contact .entry-header Phone #1: +30 697 911 3891 Phone #2: +30 693 252 8698 Postal Address: Vokaria, Nenita Chios, 82102 Greece   Name (required) Email (required) Phone (required) Message (required) Submit .entry-content .wrap .panel-content #post-## Panel 4 Placeholder #main #primary Facebook LinkedIn Twitter .jetpack-social-navigation Our Hotel Home Rooms Rates About Location Transportation Blog In the News Guest Reviews The Island History & Culture Photos Points of Interest Things To Do Your Stay FAQ Cancellation Policy Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Phone #1: +30 697 911 3891 Phone #2: +30 693 252 8698 Postal Address: Vokaria, Nenita Chios, 82102 Greece .widget-area Powered by ERGOSEO.com .wrap .site-info #page Fast Secure reCAPTCHA plugin - begin recaptcha js Fast Secure reCAPTCHA plugin - end recaptcha js 