Adirondack cabin Nearby Attractions and Activities Adirondack Cabin Rental Adirondack Cabin for Vacation Rentals and weekend getaways. An ideal cabin rental for a family or a group of friends to enjoy the beauty of the Adirondack region and the Adirondack outdoors. Two bedroom riverfront cabin on Schroon River Road in the Adirondacks. 468 feet of private riverfront. More Cabin Photos | River Photos | Area Map | Rental Rates 15min. from Lake George , 10min from Loon Lake , 10 min from Bolton Landing 15min from Hudson and White Water Rafting facilities, 20min from Mt. Gore ski resort, 45min from Lake Placid and White Face Mountain ski resort. Close to hiking trails. Also you can enjoy swimming, fishing, horseback riding and much more! Visit our activities page for a year round overview of adirondack activities and nearby attractions. CABIN FEATURES Address: 2192 Schroon River Road, Warrensburg NY 12885 Easy access from Northway 87, less than 2miles off exit 24. Total No of bedrooms: 2 Total No of bathrooms: 1 Occupancy: 5 Available year round: Yes Linens/towels provided: Yes Pets considered: Yes AMENITIES - Water access - Scenic views - Vermont Casting wood stove - Porch and a balcony   overlooking the river - Outdoor picnic tables - BBQ charcoal grill - Fully equipped kitchen - Microwave - Color TV, VCR, DVD - Telephone line - Stereo cassette, CD, MP3 - Central heating - Washer / Dryer - Bedrooms and bath complete   with linens and accessories - All basic utilities RATES CLICK HERE for the cabin Rental Rates     More Cabin Photos | River Photos Area Map | Rental Rates Bright and airy, this immaculate log cabin (approx. 900sq. feet), is fully furnished and well equipped including central heating system, washer/dryer, microwave, TV, VCR, DVD, telephone, stereo system (cassettes/CDs/MP3s). The cabin comes complete with linens, towels and bathroom accessories. The kitchen is fully equipped including a range stove, 2 door refrigerator, coffee maker, toaster, microwave, mixer and kitchen utensils for five are also provided. Featuring a large, open living area, dinning room and kitchen with knotty pine walls, hardwood floors and a Vermont casting wood-stove, our home is ideal for two couples or a family. It sleeps up to five (queen bed in master bedroom overlooking the river, a double bed and a single bed in the other bedroom.) Sliding doors exit to a deck overlooking the river and the mountains. A porch in the front of the cabin also provides relaxing mountain and river views while it enables you to oversee the activities on our spacious yard that features BBQ charcoal grill, picnic table, and plenty of room for all to enjoy. A rustic path leads down to the river bank where you can enjoy the wilderness of the river rapids, fish, walk along the river bank or just sit and relax listening to the river. The cabin is conveniently located to all area attractions. Just 15min. from Lake George Village, 10 min from Bolton Landing, 10min from Loon Lake, 15min from Hudson and White Water Rafting facilities, 20min from Mt. Gore ski resort, 45min from Lake Placid and White Face Mountain ski resort. You may also enjoy hiking trails, horseback riding, cross-country skiing, ice skating, boating and fishing and ice fishing. If in mood for shopping, the nearby outlet malls offer a variety of stores (Gap, Oneida, Reebok, Nine West, Eddie Bauer, Timberland, Easy Spirit, Corning Rivere Factory, Tommy Hilfiger, Nautica, Polo, Jones NY to name a few). The cabin is an ideal rental for a family or a group of friends for an Adirondacks dream vacation. More Cabin Photos | River Photos Reservations & Rates Adirondack Cabin 2192 Schroon River Road, Warrensburg NY 12885 RESERVATIONS & INFO: 212-221-7311 E-mail: riverfrontcabin@yahoo.com [ Home ] [ Reservations & Rates ] [ Activities ] [ Directions ] [ Contact Us ] web design & development with paris apartments agency. Privacy Policy     