Forsaela apartment house - Guesthouse Reykjavik Iceland Forsæla - Apartmenthouse Home Apartments One Bedroom Two Bedroom House Three Bedroom Bed And Breakfast Booking Contact Location Tours HIKING & BIKING Menu GUESTHOUSE - ROOMS, HOUSES AND APARTMENTS IN REYKJAVIK CITY CENTER A PEACEFUL OASIS IN DOWN TOWN REYKJAVIK Forsaela guesthouse is located in a lovely private garden with patios and green spaces in a quiet residential area on Grettisgata right next to Laugavegur, Reykjavik’s main shopping street. Forsaela apartments and houses are surrounded with Cafés, restaurants, museums, art galleries and other sites off interest in down town Reykjavik. In our houses and apartments you can have a perfect “home away from home” on your holiday, for families and friends as well as for the reunion of the greater family. By staying in Forsaela guesthouse you will experience the atmosphere of the past combined with modern comfort. Forsaela apartment house offers various accommodation options for rent from single rooms, apartments and fully furnished houses. Our apartments and houses er located down town Reykjavik in the heart of the city center. THREE BEDROOM HOUSE Three bedroom house A two story house A two story family house with all the comforts of a private home. The house sleeps 8 persons comfortably, in two triple rooms and one double room. ONE BEDROOM APARTMENTS One bedroom apartments Three apartment house Three tastefully refurbished apartments in a traditional Icelandic town house. Each apartment has one bedroom with twin single- or a double-bed, a sitting room with a double sofa bed, and a TV. TWO BEDROOM HOUSE Two bedroom house A private house for rent A little private house for rent offering all the benefits of a real home. Today the house fits comfortably for 4-6 persons, perfect for a family holiday. Bed and breakfast Bed & breakfast In our beautiful old fashion style Reykjavik town house we offer affordably priced accommodation in two triple rooms and one double room with shared bathroom facilities. The accommodation is comfortable and charmingly decorated. Our guests can have a sumptuous breakfast buffet served every morning to gather energy for upcoming holiday adventure. Experience a pleasant stay in our traditional Icelandic town houses and apartments. Located in a peaceful private garden with patios and green spaces, right in the city center of Reykjavik. Forsaela apartment house is right in the heart of Reykjavik city center and only few steps away from the main shopping street Laugavegur where you can find many nice restaurants, shops, coffee places, bars and other interesting places. My wife and I had been in Iceland for more than two weeks and our final stops was to spend a few days in Reykjavik. We did not expect to find such a little gem towards the end of what had been a wonderful the trip. Forsæla apartments are in a well-maintained Victorian era house, but what comes through is the love Hlin and Siggi put into it. And it goes beyond the house and the apartments, and that’s because they are professionals in the best sense of the word and because they love Iceland and sharing their knowledge and hospitality. “Wonderful place and hosts!” The hosts were very friendly and spent their time providing tips and recommending places to go even outside of Reykjavik. Breakfast was excellent! I would say this is the best breakfast during my trip! Stayed August 2014, traveled as a couple “Very friendly hosts and excellent breakfast!” We have been staying three nights in Island and at Forsæla. Island is an exciting place to discover and with experienced help from Hlin we toured this place with its uniq landscape. Hlin answered all our question about everything from: “What are all the horses for” to “what road should we to take to Fontana”. Forsæla was a good place to come back to in the evening and with Hlin’s breakfast we were ready to go in the morning. It’s easy to recommend Forsæla! It made us experience some of the Icelandic soul. “Excellent guest host and house!” Site Map Home Booking Location Contact Apartments Three Bedroom One Bedroom Two Bedroom House Bed And Breakfast Tours HIKING & BIKING Usefull Links Tripadvisor Booking.com Museums in Reykjavik – Android App © Forsæla - Apartmenthouse | Email: info@apartmenthouse.is | Address: Grettisgata 35b, 101 Reykjavik | Tel: +354 551-6046.  A SiteOrigin Theme ngg_resource_manager_marker 