Arlingtons - Portarlington Accommodation Toggle navigation MENU Welcome Our Accommodation Location Gallery Specials Attractions Contact us Facebook /.navbar-collapse /.container-fluid "Arlingtons ~ Self Contained Accommodation, Portarlington" see gallery_shortcode() in wp-includes/media.php Unit One Unit Two Motel Room Welcome! NOW UNDER NEW MANAGEMENT as of February 2017! – Ash and Lee are focused on ensuring your stay is most enjoyable! Welcome to Arlingtons Holiday Accommodation at Portarlington’s a beautiful little fishing village on the picturesque Bellarine Peninsula our spacious apartments indoors and outdoors have everything you need for a relaxing fulfilled beach holiday. Arlingtons Portarlington Holiday Accommodation has everything from solar heated pool to outdoor entertainment areas. Our Portarlington accommodation is just minutes from the beach, wineries, pier, shops, restaurants and sporting facilities. Portarlington accommodation is suitable for families or a quiet get away for a couple. All age groups are catered for with plenty of extras, books, DVD’s children’s games and toys, plenty of outdoor furniture BBQ facilities in a tranquil garden setting. Arlingtons Portarlington accommodation is within walking distance of shops, restaurants, beach pier and ‘The Grand Hotel’ you can leave your car and enjoy the many beautiful walks.     Girl’s weekends are a must in this beautiful accommodation and location. Walk to various restaurants for lunch, and then relax on the beach with a book. Top the night off with drinks and canapes at one of the fabulous local wineries. Why not enquire today regarding our weekend packages. Arlingtons Portarlington accommodation is central on the Bellarine Peninsular and just a short drive to Portarlington Ferry to to Docklands Melbourne CBD three times a day, as well as the Queenscliff to Sorrento ferry. Ocean Grove, St Leonards, Point Lonsdale and Barwon Heads are just a short distance drive and a wonderful stopping off place on the way to ‘ The Great Ocean Road’ Come and join us for a week or two or just a weekend for the Celtic Festival in June or the Mussel Festival in January. We have the holiday for you with friendly welcoming staff, modern comfortable and spotless accommodation.   #content .content-container "Arlingtons ~ Self Contained Accommodation, Portarlington" 132 Newcombe Street Portarlington, VIC 3223 Book your beachside break today Mobile: 0437 530 773 Welcome Our Accommodation Location Gallery Specials Attractions Contact us Privacy Policy © Arlingtons 2019. All rights reserved Evolution Design Agency 