Addo Guest House - Addo Gateway Lodge Menu Home Accommodation Lodge Rooms Self Catering Cottage Wheel Chair Friendly Activities About Us About Addo Gateway Lodge Video about the Area About Colchester Rates and Terms Map and Directions Where strangers become friends Take a cruise on the Sundays River Ferry - Addo Cruises Visit the Addo Elephant National Park Admire the sunsets over the river. Addo Gateway Lodge ADDO GATEWAY LODGE (Guest House) is a three star rated Bed and Breakfast accommodation establishment with a self-catering option. Conveniently situated in Cannonville, a safe and tranquil village on the banks of the beautiful Sundays River, only 35km East of Port Elizabeth, Nelson Mandela Bay, on the N2 in the Greater Addo area.  Never have the Elephants of the Addo Elephant National Park been so close to the Addo Gateway Lodge. Since the extension of the park in 2010 and the opening of the Addo South Gate near Colchester on the National Freeway N2 , where the Guesthouse is located herds of Elephantsand other animals have migrated to the Southern part of the Park. The lodge has a beautiful view of the Alexandria Dunes and river across the road. Addo Gateway Lodge is well placed to all major Eastern Cape Game Reserves and is only 4km away from the SOUTHERN ENTRANCE Also known as the CAMP MATYHOLWENI entrance to the Addo Elephant National Park . Elephants, Lions, Antelope, Zebra and many more animals can be seen in their natural habitat 10 minutes drive away.  Accommodation at Addo Gateway Lodge We offer B & B facilities as well as Self-catering accommodation.. We are well known for our delicious and scrumptious continental breakfasts and warm hospitality. Apart from 3 bedrooms in the Lodge, we also offer accommodation in a 2 bedroomed cottage. Addo Gateway Lodge is now also APD APPROVED, having a full wheelchair accessible double room for the physically disabled. In total we can accommodate 10-14 guests. Read more on the Accommodation page. Things to Do Explore the Sundays River Estuary while enjoying a cruise on the SUNDAYS RIVER FERRY or swim in a safe lagoon at the river mouth, where the Ferry will moor for a relaxing time, after climbing the wonderful dunes with the most exquisite views of the sea, islands, sand dunes and Port Elizabeth on the horizon. Or relax on the open deck of the lodge with a glass of wine, taking in a spectacular view of the beautiful sand dunes and river across the road. A rich variety of bird life can be observed and the river boasts a number of estuarine fish species. Wonder through the bonsai garden with exceptional trees on view for the bonsai enthusiasts. Enjoy the tranquility of this safe village, nestled along the majestic Sundays River Estuary with the world renowned Alexandria/Colchester dunefields on its banks, which is the largest dune field in the Southern Hemisphere and the second largest in the world. This establishment is a very good choice for accommodation when you visit the Addo Elephant Park Area in South Africa for a holiday. We are members of most organisations eg. South African Tourism, Eastern Cape Tourism, Cape Information Tourism, Knysna Tourism, Nelson Mandela Bay Tourism, The Greater Addo Route Accommodation Association, The Tourism Grading Council of South Africa, Sued Afrika.net and many more. Contact Details Your hosts: Les & Maggie  Cell : +27 (0)82 4180776 Cell :  +27 (0)82 4654391  Email    maggiemann@addogatewaylodge.co.za Address 121 Aquavista Crescent, Cannonville, 6175, Box 70, Colchester, 6175  Bookings Request a Quotation WiFi available © Copyright Addo Gateway Lodge 2018 | All Rights Reserved | Website Design and Search Engine Optimisation (SEO) by ZAWebs | Web Hosting by ZAWebHosts | Addo Guest House - Addo Gateway Lodge Resources 