Acorn House – Traditional, quality Keswick B&B accommodation | B&B Accommodation in Keswick Preloader Start Preloader End 017687 72553 Email Us How to Find Us Toggle navigation Home Rooms Breakfast Keswick News Contact Book Now CHARMING & TRADITIONAL WELCOME TO ACORN HOUSE GUESTHOUSE, KESWICK A traditional Georgian guesthouse in the heart of the Lake District National Park. Rooms are individually designed with traditional charm and luxury modern features. Enjoy friendly and homely bed-and-breakfast hospitality while you explore the beautifully scenic countryside and charming rural towns and villages of the Lakes, now a UNESCO World Heritage Site. CHECK AVAILABILITY Keswick - Small Town Charm Acorn House is located in the heart of Keswick in the English Lake District. There are the many local shops, restaurants and attractions of Keswick. With a nearby cinema, theatre and lake – there is just so much to see and do, whatever the weather. The property is a 5-minute drive from the A66 connecting with Workington and Penrith and just 16 miles from Junction 40 of the M6. You can drive to pretty Ambleside in 25 minutes and Grasmere in just 15. Of course, if you prefer to give the car a break too then there is also a good local bus service to many parts of the National Park. ABOUT KESWICK OUR ROOMS AND INTERIOR Previous Next Check availability and book now Check Availability THE EDWARDS FAMILY ARE YOUR HOSTS Janet, Graham and Chris have been looking after guests to Acorn House for years, providing high quality service whilst retaining a comfortable and relaxing atmosphere. A true home from home. Acorn House Guesthouse is quietly situated in Keswick whilst only being a short walk from the town centre and the shores of our beautiful lake, Derwentwater. The B&B has a large car park offering ample unrestricted parking for all our guests - a real bonus for the centre of Keswick. We also offer secure cycle storage and have drying facilities. NINE SPACIOUS BEDROOMS & A HEARTY BREAKFAST TOO! Traditional furniture enhances the character of each of our nine spacious rooms. All individually designed with more than a touch of luxury. Breakfast is a real treat at Acorn House....from the traditional full English with local Cumberland sausage to sumptuous smoked salmon & scrambled eggs. We look after all your dietary requirements too. A PLACE TO RELAX AFTER ENJOYING THE LAKE DISTRICT After your day's exertions relax in Acorn House picturesque garden with pond or make use of our delightful sunny conservatory. Indoors. enjoy our charming guest lounge with feature fireplace and real log fire, a welcome sight during the colder evenings. We look forward to seeing you soon.....and hopefully becoming one of our many regulars who have made Acorn House their home from home. Janet, Graham & Chris THE MOST IMPORTANT MEAL OF THE DAY The generous full English breakfast (or vegetarian option) will set you up for the day, whether walking, climbing or sightseeing. Our stay was amazing. Just perfect. Already planning our next trip back! Jessie Johnson SUBSCRIBE TO OUR NEWSLETTER Begin MailChimp Signup Form Subscribe to our mailing list * indicates required Email Address * First Name Last Name real people should not fill this in and expect good things - do not remove this or risk form bot signups End mc_embed_signup Comment form for pages /.container End Comment form for pages /.inner-container /.content /.wrap Welcoming. Quietly situated and with private car parks, yet only four minutes walk from Kewsick’s town centre, Acorn House is ideal for long or short breaks in the heart of the English Lake District Access Statement   |   T&Cs CONTACT INFO Ambleside Road, Keswick, Cumbria, CA12 4DL 017687 72553 info@acornhousehotel.co.uk © 2018 Acorn House - All Rights Reserved - Web Design & Hosting by KCS 