Home | Alam Sari Hotel Keliki Toggle navigation +62 361 981420 Ã— Contact Us Telephone Number 1 +62 361 981420 Book Now Home Our Story Experience Village Island Retreats Rooms Gallery Contact Us Our Story Experience Village Island Retreats Rooms Gallery Contact Us Welcome to Alam Sari Resort, Keliki, Bali An environmentally-friendly hotel welcoming guests into the cultural heart of Bali Arrival Arrival calendar Departure Departure calendar Guests 1 guest 2 guests 3 guests 4 guests 5 guests 6 guests 7 guests 8 guests 9 guests 10 guests Guests calendar Book Now Relax in tropical beauty in the heart of the rice terraces, traditional villages and cool green hills north of Ubud. Just 20 minutes from the busy tourist center, step into a cultural experience that is authentically Balinese. Discover the nearby village of Keliki through our complimentary village tour, or further immerse yourself by participating in our traditional cooking course, guided nature walks, Keliki-style painting lessons, coffee & chocolate making workshops, or simply experience the color of a local village ceremony. Rooms Deluxe King/Twin Room Alam Sari has 4 deluxe rooms, which look out over the swimming pool, with beautiful views to the garden and coconut groves beyond. Each air-conditioned deluxe room has an attached Balinese style garden bathroom, hot water showers, mini bar, and tea/coffee making facilities. Free WiFi is available in all rooms. In high demand! Learn More Superior Deluxe Room Alam Sari has 2 suites. These are uniquely decorated rooms with private views and gardens. Each air-conditioned room has a large canopy bed, mini bar, and tea/coffee making facilities, and the attached indoor garden bathroom has a bathtub and separate shower. Free WiFi is available in all rooms. Learn More Deluxe Family Room Alam Sari has three deluxe family rooms, which look out over the swimming pool, with beautiful views to the garden and coconut groves beyond. Each air-conditioned deluxe room has an attached Balinese style garden bathroom, hot water showers, mini bar, and tea/coffee making facilities.The three family units consist of 2 connected deluxe rooms, a double and a twin, with an interconnecting door. They have 2 separate bathrooms per family unit. These are ideal for families or groups up to 6 people. Free WiFi is available in all rooms. Learn More Villa Tunjung Villa Tunjung is a three bed-roomed villa with three en suite bathrooms, set in a lush tropical garden with superb panoramic views from every room. The villa has open plan living and dining areas with cooling mountain breezes. It is tastefully furnished with an open Balinese pavilion, where guests can relax while taking in the magnificent scenery. Learn More Villa Padma Villa Padma is a two bed-roomed villa with two en suite bathrooms, set in an enclosed tropical garden, a quiet retreat for a family or small group looking for their own private space. Learn More Previous Next Promotions Alam Sari Honeymoon Package Check out our honeymoon packages to find out the endless tropical honeymoon trip in Bali you will never forget. For more information, Please contact email : info@alamsari.com   Learn More Gallery Book Your Bali Holiday Now Please select dates for direct bookings Arrival Arrival calendar Departure Departure calendar Guests 1 guest 2 guests 3 guests 4 guests 5 guests 6 guests 7 guests 8 guests 9 guests 10 guests Guests calendar Book Now Awards Alam Sari Hotel Keliki Jalan Raya Keliki, Kabupaten Gianyar, Bali, 80561, Indonesia T +62 361 981420 E info@alamsari.com Learn More Alam Sari Hotel Keliki Jalan Raya Keliki, Kabupaten Gianyar, Bali, 80561, Indonesia Social Media Facebook Google+ Instagram TripAdvisor Twitter YouTube All rights reserved Powered by Canvas ; 