Antiparos Hotels Greece Kastro Hotel in Antiparos uol BOOK NOW MENU Welcome Living Services Experience Weddings Explore Photo Tour Special Offers Reserve Contact Welcome Antiparos Hotels Greece | Kastro Hotel Apartments, Studios, Suites, Rooms for Rent in Antiparos Welcome to the official website of Kastro on the island of Antiparos! Make Kastro Antiparos your summer retreat where heart-felt hospitality blends with elegant ambiance! Kastro Antiparos offers Rooms, Studios, Suites, Apartments and Houses traditionally designed, all of which provide a spectacular view. Situated in just a 5-minute walking distance from the wonderful sandy beaches of Psaralyki 1 & 2, and 200 meters from the Central cobble-stoned square, the market and taverns, making it one of the finest choices for accommodation in Antiparos Kastro Antiparos offers a hospitable family environment and organized services ideal for families with children, couples and friends but also solo travellers Our Philosophy Dear Friends, We want to share a few words with you about what we believe in and what we are passionate about. We want you to understand why we have enjoyed opening our doors and welcoming you with the same big smile every year. As you know, we continuously try to understand "What's the secret element of a remarkable holiday". We asked guests, friends, and have travelled the world ourselves, but still struggle to clearly define it. When we considered everything, we realized it was quite simple; holidays bring images to our minds rather than thoughts. So, we would like you to take a moment to imagine the warm sun while walking on a sandy beach, a refreshing coffee with an amazing view, swimming in crystal clear seas, happy families with kids cheering, or friends raising beers next to the pool. Even remember the touching good bye moments. Don’t worry, next summer will meet again! What do we believe in? We believe in creating small moments of fun and relaxation that you still remember months and years later when it's snowing or raining outside. Memories that force a smile every time you think of them. We are passionate about spreading smiles, positive energy and above all else sharing experiences. Naturally when offering true hospitality and care from your heart, guests are delighted. It’s a fact that happy guests are the best advocate to the rest of the world, however for us they are just our new summer friends! Kind regards, Magda & Markos | Kastro Hotel Antiparos | Antiparos Accommodation | Antiparos Rooms | | Studios & Apartments in Antiparos | Antiparos Hotel Suites | | Services & Amenities | Activities in Antiparos Greece | | Greek Wedding in Antiparos | Antiparos Greece Honeymoon Accommodation | | Antiparos Map & Info - How to reach Antiparos Greece | Antiparos Photos of our Hotel | | Special Offers | Reservations | Contact Us | Web Design & SEO by: United Online S.A © MH.T.E No (tourist companies register): 1144Κ133Κ0615700 Global site tag (gtag.js) - Google Analytics 