360 678 5581 Coupeville Anchorage Inn BnB Bed and Breakfast Home Rooms Discovery Room 1 $169 Cabot Room 2 $149 Fairhaven Room 3 $159 Onward Room 4 $139 Burnham Room 5 $129 Chalcedony Room 6 $119 Crow's Nest Room 7 $179 Availability Reviews Testimonials Award Winning Excellence! About New Specials Our Amenities Our Policies Coupeville/Whidbey Island Innkeeping 101 Dave's Giant Pumpkin Contact Contact Us Directions Ferry Info Book Now The Anchorage Inn Bed and Breakfast A New-Victorian Inn, located on beautiful Whidbey Island, in Puget Sound, Washington. Award Winning Excellence Certificate of Excellence Ranked 2016 Coupeville Coupeville Hall of Fame Ranked 2015 Coupeville Coupeville Excellence Award Ranked #1 in 2014 Coupeville Coupeville Green Member Ranked in 2014 Coupeville Coupeville Upscale Amenities Sitting Parlor Relax and chat in Cozy Comfort. Coupeville Coupeville Overlooking Downtown Perched steps away from shops. Coupeville Coupeville Wrap Around Porch Board games with a view. Coupeville Coupeville Breakfast Service Elegantly served hot meals. Coupeville Coupeville We have stayed here several times and this visit was just as good as the others. Dave and Diane are friendly and helpful. Breakfast is always an enjoyable time and the food is delicious. The wrap-around porch is a great place to relax at any time of day. We thoroughly enjoy spending time in Coupeville and exploring all of the island. Read review on Trip Advisor My wife and I took our adult daughter on a two-day visit to Whidbey Island where we discovered the Anchorage Inn. It was perfect for us. We had the large third-floor "Crows Nest" that offered us plenty of room with an extra roll-away bed. The wrap-around deck was a great place to relax and enjoy the scenery. The breakfast was lovely. It was wonderful experience. Read review on Trip Advisor Lovely inn and very friendly, helpful innkeepers! A quiet little town with a few interesting points and good restaurants. Try the walk up Main Street, right at the art institute, through the woods and down to the water; then return along the beach. Read review on Trip Advisor The Anchorage Inn has the perfect location in Coupeville. It is within walking distance of many great restaurants and has a lovely view of the water. Dave and Diane are wonderful hosts and obviously love this community. The accommodations, breakfasts and suggestions were just what we needed. Read review on Trip Advisor BOOK NOW /.btn REVIEWS /.btn CONTACT /.btn /.light-wrapper /.thumb /.light-wrapper Get In Touch Address 807 North Main Street Coupeville, WA 98239 Phone:(360) 678-5581 Email: crowsnest@anchorage-inn.com Innformer Newsletter Tweets by @keeperofyourinn Home Rooms Availability About Contact Book Now © 2016 The Anchorage Inn. All rights reserved. The Anchorage Inn is Whidbey Island's finest and friendliest Bed & Breakfast. Located in the heart of historic Coupeville, this Victorian style bed and breakfast is open to all with a warm and welcoming atmosphere. Take a look around, book your stay with us, and come experience the Island Life for yourself! Design & Hosting by 