1837 Bed & Breakfast | Bed and Breakfast Charleston SC Email Us Current Weather Check Availability (877) 723-1837 Home Rooms Carriage House Main House Amenities About About 1837 History of the House Guest Reviews Affiliations Breakfast Policies Directions Explore Charleston Dining Recommendations Historic Homes Plantations The Area Things To Do Downtown Gift Certificates Contact Book Now Menu [if lte IE 9]><style>#slider3 .owl-wrapper{ position:absolute};</style> <script>jQuery(document).ready( function(){ jQuery("#slider3 .owl-prev,#slider3 .owl-next").css("position","absolute"); })</script> <![endif] CHECK AVAILABILITY CHECK AVAILABILITY CHECK AVAILABILITY CHECK AVAILABILITY CHECK AVAILABILITY Welcome to 1837 Bed & Breakfast in Charleston, SC Enhance your visit to South Carolina with a stay at our historic and romantic, downtown Charleston bed and breakfast . Highlighted on the History and Travel channels, our family-owned and operated and personally restored by the original B&B owners, this house has truly been a home away from home for discerning and experienced travelers since 1984. Not a hotel or an Airbnb, 1837 Bed & Breakfast is a charming, historic house with warm innkeepers, amenities , and a daily plated breakfast — perfect for a South Carolina vacation or weekend get-away.  Our quaint 9-room bed and breakfast in Charleston SC features open piazzas, rocking chairs, a joggling board, and plenty of southern hospitality. Share and enjoy our intimate accommodations in the Main House , a circa 1800 cotton planter’s home, and the Carriage House , a brick carriage/kitchen house. Amenities included with your lodging is a delicious plated full breakfast served each morning in our dining room or on the piazza, complimentary WIFI and on-site parking. Built in the early 1800s, the Main House of our downtown Charleston, SC historic inn is a three-story Federal-style single house accompanied by Carriage House , a two-story carriage/kitchen house. The main house has three guest rooms on each of the second and third floors. Rooms on these floors entail walking up one or two flights of stairs. Common rooms, such as the kitchen, dining room, and parlor are on the first floor. The Carriage House has two individual rooms on the ground floor and a one bedroom suite on the second floor, which is up one flight of SPIRAL STAIRS. We serve a full and delicious plated breakfast every morning. Breakfast includes eggs, pork, fruit, home made breads, juices, coffee and tea. “A perfect place to unwind.” – The New York Times JOIN OUR EMAIL LIST ABOUT US Built in the early 1800s, 1837 Bed & Breakfast is a memorable and unique stay during your visit to Charleston, SC. Experience southern charm at its best with well-appointed guestrooms, a full and delicious plated breakfast, and a convenient location to downtown Charleston, SC, area attractions, restaurants and events. Pages Home Page Blog About Amenities Guest Reviews Policies The Main House Things To Do Downtown Breakfast The Carriage House History of the House CONTACT 126 Wentworth Street Charleston, SC 29401 Phone: (843) 723-7166 Toll-free: (877) 723-1837 Fax: (843) 722-7179 Directions | Contact Us        © 2018 1837 Bed & Breakfast. All rights reserved. Website designed by Vales Advertising . 