AmishView Inn & Suites | Tripadvisor's #1 Lancaster Hotel newspaper-o credit aid globe googleplus facebook twitter feed tumblr linkedin pinterest search Home Menu Back Location AAA Scenic Byway, in the Heart of Amish Country Lancaster PA Area Attractions Maps and Directions to Lancaster and AmishView Rooms & Suites Double Queen Grand King Studio Suites 1 & 2 Bedroom Suites Breakfast & Amenities Complimentary Breakfast Buffet Outstanding Hotel Amenities Attractions, Dining & Offers Smokehouse BBQ and Brews Amish Experience Theater Magic Lantern Shows Amish Homestead & One-Room School Amish Farmland Tours Buggy Rides Quilt Shop at Miller’s Miller’s Smorgasbord Photos & Reviews Large Groups, Lancaster PA Event Venue Business Groups Pleasure Groups Destination Weddings 1-866-735-1600 Check Rates & Availability Location Rooms+Suites Breakfast+Amenities Attractions+Dining+Offers Photos+Reviews Call Now! Check Rates AmishView Inn & Suites, Lancaster PA’s Number One Hotel LOCATION.  LOCATION.  LOCATION. Draw back the curtains and take it all in. Lush Amish farmland, cows grazing in a nearby pasture, and a one-room schoolhouse on the horizon. You’ve just awakened in the heart of Lancaster’s Amish Country at AmishView Inn & Suites, Lancaster’s #1 hotel (as ranked by Tripadvisor), Pennsylvania’s #1 hotel (as ranked by Reader’s Digest), and America’s #1, 3-star hotel (as ranked by Trivago). Click for a list of our most recent awards. AAA Cultural Scenic Byway Located on a AAA scenic byway and surrounded by Amish farms, AmishView provides the intimate atmosphere of a bed & breakfast with the amenities of an upscale Lancaster, PA hotel. From extra fluffy bath towels to Lancaster’s best complimentary breakfast buffet , our goal is to make each one of our guests feel special. Room types include standard double queens , studio suites , and one bedroom suites & two bedroom suites and the new, Grand King . Kitchenettes, buffet breakfast, free Wi-Fi, free parking, DVD players and other special amenities come with every room. Indoor pool, fitness center, whirlpools and fireplaces make us perfect for an intimate getaway, family vacation, social gathering or corporate retreat . Our spacious meeting rooms and catering services can be customized to meet the needs of any group or special event.  Please note that AmishView is a non-smoking, non-vaping hotel. Check-in time is 3:00pm. Check-out time is 11:00am. Add The Getaway Enhancement, our most popular “add-on” for Only $49 (a $95 value), including Dinner for two, in-room bottle of wine, souvenir corkscrew, complimentary DVD rental, discount coupons to Rockvale and Tanger Outlets. Click for details, and for other attractive enhancements, add-ons, coupons, packages and offers. Please note that when you make an on-line reservation, your e-mail address will be added to our e-mail database.  To have it removed, please call 1-800-669-3568 and instruct the operator to do so.  Thank you. The Getaway Add-On Enhancement Add our most popular enhancement for Only $49 (a $95 value) Dinner for two, in-room bottle of wine, souvenir corkscrew, complimentary DVD rental, discount coupons to Rockvale and Tanger Outlets. Getaway Enhancement Check Availability Home Call Today 866-735-1600 Check Availability Call Now! Specials & Packages Large Groups Join Our Mailing List The Amishview News Check Availability Add-Ons & Coupons Large Groups Rooms & Suites Double Queen Grand King Studio Suites 1 & 2 Bedroom Suites Location AAA Scenic Byway, in the Heart of Amish Country Lancaster PA Area Attractions Maps and Directions to Lancaster and AmishView Dining & Amenities Miller’s Smorgasboard Plain & Fancy Restaurant Complimentary Breakfast Arcade Game Room Fitness Facility Great Room Guest Laundry Indoor Pool Business Groups Pleasure Groups Awards & Reviews Photos Videos Blog Employment Opportunities AmishView Inn & Suites 3125 Old Philadelphia Pike (Rt. 340) Bird-in-Hand, PA 17505 | Directions Tel: 866-735-1600 © 2019 Lancaster, PA Hotel – Amish Country Lodging | AmishView Inn & Suites All Rights Reserved. 