Alice Springs Hotel | Alice in the Territory | Alice Springs Accommodation Book Now (08) 8952 6100 BEGIN #background-wrapper BEGIN #wrapper BEGIN #topbar #topbar-wrapper BEGIN .topbar-left END .topbar-left BEGIN .topbar-right Book Now Secondary Navigation (08) 8952 6100 END .topbar-right END #topbar-right END #topbar BEGIN .content-wrapper .main-navigation Main Menu Home welcome Accommodation rooms & facilities Queen Pool Room Queen Room Twin Pool Room Twin Room Family Friendly Accommodation Pet Friendly Accommodation Motel Facilities Alice Springs Hotels Gallery Testimonials Pet Friendly accommodation Conference meetings Meeting Room Hire Facilities Gallery Functions functions Group Accommodation Deals specials Experience explore Explore Alice Springs Things To Do What’s on Alice Springs Upcoming Events Travel Blog Tours and Activities Find Us contact Contact Us .main-navigation BEGIN .mobile-menu-wrapper Navigation mobile-menu-inner Mobile Menu Home Accommodation Queen Pool Room Queen Room Twin Pool Room Twin Room Family Friendly Accommodation Pet Friendly Accommodation Motel Facilities Alice Springs Hotels Gallery Testimonials Pet Friendly Conference Meeting Room Hire Facilities Gallery Functions Group Accommodation Deals Experience Explore Alice Springs Things To Do What’s on Alice Springs Upcoming Events Travel Blog Tours and Activities Find Us Contact Us mobile-menu-inner END .mobile-menu-wrapper END .content-wrapper END .sliderNew BEGIN .content-wrapper BEGIN .clearfix BEGIN .two-thirds Welcome to the best value Alice Springs Hotel Pet Friendly Accommodation Alice Springs! Alice in the Territory Alice Springs Hotel invites you for an exquisite holiday in the foothills of Alice Springs’ MacDonnell Ranges in Australia's Northern Territory. We accepts China Union Pay Located just 2 kilometres from the hustle and bustle of Alice Springs Town Centre. The hotel is adjacent to the Casino, Alice Springs Convention Centre and one of the world’s best desert golf courses; Alice Springs Golf Club. The hotel provides intrepid outback travellers with all they could wish for in creature comforts. We're also pleased to advise we now offer Pet Friendly accommodation. Alice In The Territory Hotel offer great value Alice Springs Accommodation with a variety of rooms and suites to choose from. Queen Pool Room, Twin Pool Room, Family Room, Standard Twin Room, and Queen Room. Experience the magic of the wild outback END .two-thirds BEGIN .one-third Special Offers Overnight Cycling More Special Offers END .one-third END .clearfix Testimonials CUSTOM CODE Needed a room suitable for a disability and room 165 was exactly what I needed The staff are amazing and friendly Restaurant staff couldn’t do enough for me and the chef is very good not many can do a well done steak without burning it !! Gary the Matrie-dee was able to pre-empt my order most nights Even the maintenance man is great to have a yarn with !! 9 out of 10 in my opinion !! Michael Tennant… - CUSTOM CODE Have had the pleasure of staying here a few times. It gets better each time! Girl on check in was very pleasant, young British (I hope!) girl, had a wedding to deal with and was still upbeat and cheerful… Jabiru - CUSTOM CODE This hotel is out of town but that was not a problem for us-we drove & there is plenty of parking. The rooms are still being worked on however we were not disturbed by the workmen. Nice clean rooms with everything you need,tea & coffee,iron,etc- bathroom is dated but as we were only there for 2 nights, it was quite sufficient… Mechele C - CUSTOM CODE I was very pleasantly surprised at how nice the hotel was considering the very low nightly rate. It was a Hotwire special rate. The room was very large and comfortable. Clean and recently updated. The staff was very friendly and helpful… Texas Traveler - CUSTOM CODE Needed a place last minute for a few nights and this was the cheapest I could find that wasn’t a hostel. I found the grounds to be very clean and laid out well and staff at the desk were pleasant. Rooms were larger than expected but obviously would have preferred to pay less to sleep in a bunk bed in a share room… Lady_Peekaboo - BEGIN .one-third Hotel Overview Pet Friendly accommodation Comfortably appointed guest rooms Resort style swimming pool The Arunda conference room Onsite parking Bed & Breakfast packages Free WI-FI Read more END .one-third BEGIN .one-third Meeting Room Hire Host your next Alice Springs corporate event in Alice in the Territory Arunda Conference Room. find out more  >> END .one-third BEGIN .content-wrapper CUSTOM PHP CODE BEGIN .content-wrapper Hotel Gallery Recent Posts What is best time to visit Alice Springs? Posted Jun 10th, 2019 By Karlo Alice Springs Reptile Centre near Alice Springs Motel Posted Jun 10th, 2019 By Karlo Best Alice Springs Hotel accommodation for couples Posted Jun 10th, 2019 By Karlo Affordable Meeting Room Hire Alice Springs Posted May 15th, 2019 By Karlo Pet Friendly Holiday Accommodation Posted May 15th, 2019 By Karlo Alice Springs Accommodation Queen Pool Room One queen size bed. View of the pool. Maximum 2 people. more info Twin Room Two queen size beds. Maximum 4 people. more info Family Room for 4 One queen size bed and bunk bed. more info Family Room for 5 One queen size bed, a single bed and bunk bed. more info Family Room for 6 One queen size bed and two bunk bed. more info Junior Suite Twin Two queen size beds, kitchenette, separate lounge area with dining table that seats 4. more info Alice in the Territory Motel 46 Stephens Road , Alice Springs NT 0870 Australia +61 8 8952 6100 F: +61 8 8952 1988 res@alicent.com.au aliceintheterritory.com.au Reviews at Tripadvisor Find Us BEGIN #footer-bottom Footer Navigation Alice Springs Accommodation / Accommodation / Alice Springs Hotel Package Deals / Contact Us / Site Map / © 2019 Alice in the Territory. All Rights Reserved. Better Marketing Results by PMZ Marketing END #footer-bottom END #footer END body 