Inspiring travel in New Zealand for over 90 years – AA Traveller | AA New Zealand // Google Tag Manager Menu Search Login or register AA Home Membership Loading items, please wait... AA Smartfuel Loading items, please wait... Cars Loading items, please wait... Drivers Loading items, please wait... AA Home Response Loading items, please wait... Travel Travel overview Travel guides Cycle Trail Guide The Holiday Park Guide Travel Around New Zealand (Chinese) Visitor guides Walking in New Zealand Accommodation Hotels Motels Holiday parks Bed and breakfast Apartments Backpackers Places to go Things to do Natural attractions Art and culture Food and drink Must-Do's Road trips Family fun Heritage and history Must-Do's this Summer Member deals Accommodation Thrifty Car Rental GO Rentals Maui, Britz and Mighty campervans Interislander Scenic Trains YHA New Zealand Rental vehicles & transport Looking for a rental Visitors to NZ Breakdown assistance for visitors Visiting Drivers Time & distance calculator Travelling to Australia Travel insurance Advertise with AA Traveller Advertisers Login AA Traveller Privacy policy Maps Loading items, please wait... Insurance Loading items, please wait... Finance Loading items, please wait... About Loading items, please wait... Contact us Loading items, please wait... Site information Loading items, please wait... AA Shop Accommodation Places to go Things to do Member deals Rental vehicles & transport Time & distance calculator Travel insurance Book your accommodation now Location . . . Type . . . Show all Hotels Motels Holiday parks Bed and breakfast Backpackers Apartments Taranaki sunset. © Ethan Brooke /2570074/AA_Travel_728x90 /2570074/AA_Travel_300x250 Find out more Activities Your Kiwi winter survival guide Winter doesn’t have to be synonymous with hibernation in New Zealand. Sure, it can be a bit chilly out there, but we’ve picked some ideas that will keep you out of the cold.   Read the story . . .  Find out more Natural attractions Loved by the locals: Stewart Island Rakiura Do what the locals do on Stewart Island Rakiura.  Read the story . . .  Find out more Natural attractions Ruapehu, Ngāuruhoe and Tongariro: live the high life this winter The drive around Ruapehu, Tongariro and Ngāuruhoe is spectacular in winter, but those who content themselves solely with the view from the window are missing out. Read the story . . .  Find out more Activities Marlborough: From the vines to the sea As the probable landing place of the first waka ever to visit New Zealand, Marlborough is the home of the very first people ever to travel to this country.   Read the story . . .  Find out more Natural attractions Loved by the locals: Bay of Islands From impressive views and fascinating cultural history to chocolate treats and hidden beaches, we pick the best spots to visit in the Bay of Islands. Read the story . . .  Find out more Activities Adventure time: whale watching from above in Kaikōura With some of the deepest water, closest to shore in the world, Kaikōura is visited by a vast array of marine life – including magnificent whales.  Read the story . . .  Marvel at the Milky Way in the Aoraki Mackenzie Dark Sky Reserve There is no better place in New Zealand to see stars than in the heart of the Mackenzie district, where the clarity of the constellations will take your breath away.  Read the story . . .  See the spectacular skies in the Aoraki Mackenzie International Dark Sky Reserve. © Tourism NZ Where to stay in New Zealand 4.2 /5 From $130 Kaikoura The White Morph - Heritage Collection Visit website Waterfront accommodation with views out to the distant horizon, from our Premium Studios. View to the Garden for our Garden Studio and Family Apartments Set on the Esplanade in iconic Kaikoura, The White Morph enjoys commanding views of the ocean . . .  More . . .  From $130 Kaikoura 4.2 /5 The White Morph - Heritage Collection Waterfront accommodation with views out to the distant horizon, from our Premium Studios. View to the Garden for our Garden Studio and Family Apartments Set . . .  More . . .  Waterfront accommodation with views out to the distant horizon, from our Premium Studios. View to the Garden for our Garden Studio and Family Apartments Set . . .  More . . .  From $130 5.0 /5 Papamoa Beach 5.0 /5 Pacific Palms Resort Visit website Pacific Palms Resort offers 1, 2 and 3-bedroom fully self-contained apartments all with good-size balconies or patio areas providing privacy and views of the lush, . . .  More . . .  4.4 /5 From $120 Gore 4.4 /5 ASURE Oakleigh Motels Quiet garden setting. Short walk to town. A friendly welcome awaits you. We can assure you a clean, comfortable stay. Fully self-contained, queen beds. . . .  More . . .  From $120 3.5 /5 Taihape 3.5 /5 Safari Motel Visit website Halfway between Wellington and Auckland, 14 fully air conditioned ground floor units allows travelers to enjoy all that you would expect in a motel. . . .  More . . .  4.1 /5 Blenheim 4.1 /5 Waterfront Motels Visit website All units with stunning views of picturesque Taylor River. Just 200m to town centre, Clubs of Marlborough, numerous restaurants and the Royal Hotel. . . .  More . . .  5.0 /5 Auckland CBD SkyCity Hotel Visit website SKYCITY Hotel Cnr Victoria and Federal Sts Auckland . . .  More . . .  Auckland CBD 5.0 /5 SkyCity Hotel SKYCITY Hotel Cnr Victoria and Federal Sts Auckland . . .  More . . .  SKYCITY Hotel Cnr Victoria and Federal Sts Auckland . . .  More . . .  Filter your results... Clear all filters The New Zealand Automobile Association Inc. Contact us Help Terms & conditions Sitemap Location finder Customer Contact Centre: 0800 500 444 24-hour AA Roadservice: 0800 500 222 Mobile: *222 © Copyright NZAA Inc 2019 // Facebook conversion tracking 