Travel | Search for hotels, restaurants and things to do | AA x The AA theaa.com FREE - In Google Play! View TheAA.com uses cookies. If you’re using our site we’ll assume you’re happy with this. More here . Business customers | Personal customers Menu Close Route planner Close Go to the Route planner Close Where are you going? Breakdown Breakdown Buy breakdown cover Broken down now? Already with us? Member benefits Car care Buy breakdown cover Buy breakdown cover What do you need? Breakdown cover European breakdown cover Motorbike breakdown cover Advice Top 10 breakdown causes Car maintenance tips How our cover works Driving in Europe travel kits More advice Keep your show on the road Even when the unexpected happens. Become a Member today from just £45 a year Buy now Broken down now? Broken down now? Report a breakdown Tell us about your problem and track your rescue. Get help Buy instant breakdown cover Advice What to do in a breakdown Put the wrong fuel in? Dashboard lights explained Driving in Europe travel kits Broken down now? Member or not, we can help. Call us 24/7 on: 0800 887766 0800 887766 Broken down in Europe? If you already have European cover, call us 24/7 on 00800 88776655 Already with us? Already with us? What do you need? Change your vehicle Change your address Change or renew your cover Manage your account online Log in Register Member benefits Member benefits Benefits to keep you moving Redeem Member benefits Enjoy up to 25% off food and drink Get up to 20% off at Moto services Up to 15% off car and van hire About Member benefits Help with Member benefits Discounts on our products Exclusive rates on savings Get 10% off car insurance Enhanced benefits on travel insurance Membership on the move Find great benefits near you with our app Download the app Share the love Invite a friend to join and get a £20 M&S or Amazon gift card each Find out more Car care Car care Common problems What happens when you put in the wrong fuel? How to change a tyre What to do if you have a flat battery How to use jump leads Warning light come on? Advice All about keys and remotes Windscreen maintenance Avoiding breakdowns Basic car checks DIY car maintenance Find your nearest garage Book your MOT, service or repair online Find garage Vehicle Vehicle Insure your vehicle Had an accident? Looking after your car Buying or selling Learning to drive Insure your vehicle Insure your vehicle What do you need? Car insurance Motorbike insurance Van insurance Caravan insurance Advice Car insurance jargon buster Car insurance groups How to get cheap insurance Dash cam advice More advice Buy car insurance Guaranteed courtesy car with our comprehensive policies when you buy direct. Buy car insurance Had an accident? Had an accident? Need to make a claim? We're here for you - 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. Call us 0800 269622 0800 269622 Advice What to do after an accident Making a claim Letting your insurance know How to claim for pothole damage What's crash for cash? Need to get your car repaired? Find a trusted, local mechanic and book online with our garage guide. Find out more Looking after your car Looking after your car What do you need? New tyres Car battery replacement Replacement car keys Find a garage Set service and MOT reminders Buy a car warning triangle Advice What to do when you have a flat battery Windscreen maintenance All about keys and remotes Basic car checks SORN car maintenance Service and repair advice Keep on top of car admin Members can set MOT, tax and service reminders – so your car is taken care of. Find out more Buying or selling Buying or selling What do you need? Search used cars for sale Car finance Car loans Book a vehicle inspection Car history check Value my car Buy short-term car insurance Advice Buying a new car Car reviews How to sell your car Test drive tips Used car checklist Cost of a used car Over 150,000 approved cars Through our vehicle checks and approved dealer network, AA Cars helps you buy with confidence. Search used cars Learning to drive Learning to drive What do you need? Driving school Book driving lessons Learner driver insurance Shop for driving test guides Become a driving instructor Join the AA Franchise Driving School Advice Before you begin About the practical test Tips to pass first time More advice Manage your lessons Book lessons and top up your account. Sign in Money Money Loans Savings Mortgages Travel Currency Card Insurance Credit cards Loans Loans Loans up to £25,000 If you're thinking about changing your car, giving your home a new lease of life, or just want to consolidate your borrowing – a loan with us could help. Find out more Already a customer? Manage your loan online Log in Savings Savings What do you need? Compare savings accounts Member Saver Easy Saver Cash ISA - Member Easy Access Cash ISA – Easy Access Cash ISA – Fixed Rate Already a customer? Manage your savings online Log in Mortgages Mortgages AA Mortgages We're not currently offering mortgages to new customers. But if you have an Agreement in Principle with us, find out what you need to do to complete your application. Find out more Already a customer? Log in to manage your mortage Log in Travel Currency Card Travel Currency Card Travel Currency Card A safe alternative to carrying cash abroad. Budget for your trip and spend only what you've loaded on to the card. Find out more Already a customer? Top up and manage your card Log in Insurance Insurance What do you need? Life insurance Over 50s life insurance Mortgage life insurance Wills and documents Pet insurance Advice Reduce cost of car insurance How we track insurance prices How much should premiums cost? What's a no claims bonus? Credit cards Credit cards Already a customer? Manage your credit card online Log in FAQs Home Home Insure your home Mortgages Insure your home Insure your home What do you need? Home insurance Contents insurance Buildings insurance Holiday home insurance Advice Compare home insurance quotes How contents insurance works Find out about contents insurance See latest premium trends Home buyer's checklist Insure your home Defaqto Star rated home insurance <p>10% of new customers pay &pound;110 or less </p> <p>AA Home Insurance sales online <br /> Mar&ndash;May 2019 </p> Buy home insurance Mortgages Mortgages Already a customer? Log in to manage your mortage Log in Travel Travel Route planner and traffic news UK hotels and days out Plan a trip abroad Buy kits, guides and atlases Route planner and traffic news Route planner and traffic news What do you need? Route planner Traffic news Mileage calculator Fuel price reports Advice UK driving laws Driving in Europe Shop for maps Shop for winter driving kit UK hotels and days out UK hotels and days out Places to stay Hotels B&Bs Caravan and campsites Self-catering accommodation Places to eat and drink Restaurants Pubs Things to do Ideas for days out Places to visit Plan a trip abroad Plan a trip abroad What do you need? Car hire Airport parking Travel insurance European Breakdown Cover International Driving Permit Book a ferry Shop for travel guides Travel Currency Card Advice Hiring a car abroad European driving holidays European driving laws by country Advice when driving abroad New driving laws in France More travel advice Shop for driving in Europe travel kits Travel Currency Card A safe alternative to carrying cash abroad. Budget for your trip and spend only what you've loaded on to the card. Find out more Buy kits, guides and atlases Buy kits, guides and atlases Car kits and accessories Breakdown kits European driving kits Winter driving kits Battery charging Tyre maintenance Safety accessories Bookshop Driving test and highway code Walking guides Travel and holiday guides Travel writing Leisure and places to stay Children's activity books Maps and atlases Find your way with our range of British, French and Europe-wide roadmaps and atlases. Find out more Your account Your account Your breakdown cover Your Member benefits Your apps Your insurance Your money Your driving lessons Your breakdown cover Your breakdown cover What do you need? Change your vehicle Change your address Change or renew your cover Manage your account online Log in to see your policy documents, keep tabs on renewal dates and check your cover level. Log in Register Your Member benefits Your Member benefits Benefits to keep you moving Redeem Member benefits Enjoy up to 25% off food and drink Get up to 20% off at Moto services Up to 15% off car and van hire About Member benefits Help with Member benefits Discounts on our products Exclusive rates on savings Get 10% off car insurance Enhanced benefits on travel insurance Membership on the move Find great benefits near you with our app Download the app Share the love Invite a friend to join and get a £20 M&S or Amazon gift card each Find out more Your apps Your apps The AA app Download the app to report and track a breakdown quickly, find Member benefits near you, and more. App Store Google Play More about our app Car Genie app Already have Car Genie? Download the app to get connected and enjoy a smarter drive. App Store Google Play Your insurance Your insurance What do you need? Your car insurance Your home insurance Your travel insurance Your pet insurance Your life insurance Need help logging in? Help setting up your account Car or home insurance customer? Log in or register to manage your account online Log in Register Your money Your money What do you need? Manage your savings Manage your credit card Manage your mortgage Manage your loan Your driving lessons Your driving lessons Already a pupil? Log in to your account to book lessons, access your online learning material and recommend a friend. Log in Learner driver? Let our instructors guide you to success Book a driving lesson Help Go to the Route planner Business customers | Personal customers Log in or register close My AA Account Sign in to see your cover and request assistance online Log in Don’t have a My AA account? You’ll need your policy or membership number Create an account Your Finances Loans | Savings | Credit Cards Your Driving Lessons Book a lesson BAU-MD-497 Starts BAU-MD-497 Ends Travel Planning a trip? From professionally inspected hotels to award-winning travel insurance – we've got it covered Find In Member offers Travel insurance Award-winning travel insurance – members get enhanced benefits. Travel insurance Hire a car Members save up to 15% on rentals across the UK, Europe and North America with our car hire partners. Compare prices Travel Currency Card AA members will have the purchase cost refunded when they load £100 to their card, and £10 credit on top when they load £250 or more. Get a card today Stay or eat in an AA-rated venue B&Bs Farmhouses, inns, upscale boutiques and seaside favourites – find a professionally inspected B&B for your next holiday. Find a B&B Hotels From 5-star luxury to budget options, choose from thousands of professionally inspected hotels. Find a hotel Restaurants Discover a place to eat near you – every restaurant is rated by the AA's renowned Rosette award scheme. Find a restaurant The best places to stay and things to do Discover award-winning hotels Pamper yourself at the best spa hotels Discover the best golfing hotels Read inspiring travel articles Stay at the best campsites New books from AA Publishing Award-winning travel insurance from the AA – for your holiday or business European Breakdown Cover includes access to over 40,000 trusted garages in 44 countries Our travel currency card has no usage fees on overseas purchases Popular holiday destinations Cumbria Home to the Lake District and so much more besides, Cumbria is our recommended top destination for the summer. Find out more Devon Explore the beautful Dartmoor National Park or spend some time at the coast in Paignton or Torquay. Find out more Cornwall Sand, surf and geodesic domes – Cornwall has it all. Explore remarkable coastal locations and take it easy in any number of resorts. Find out more Find a place to stay in or around a National Park Peak District Most people can't resist an opportunity to potter around the pretty market towns and villages in the Peak District. Find out more Brecon Beacons Crashing waterfalls and green hills make this beautiful area of south Wales popular with walkers and cyclists. Find out more Cairngorms The UK's largest national park offers so much for holidaymakers and is a great base for exploring the rest of Scotland. Find out more Planning a trip? Discover hundreds of destinations, things to do and places eat, drink and stay Find out more Be prepared for every eventuality From holiday guides to essential kits for driving abroad – find what you need at the AA Shop Shop now Connect with us Home Travel About us Gender pay gap Contact us Apps Careers Latest news Terms of use Privacy notice Privacy hub Cookies © Automobile Association Developments Ltd. 2019 javascript libraries page javascripts 