Anchorage Inn York Maine | York Beach Maine Hotels This is for accessibility compliance Skip to main content Menu BOOK NOW About Rooms Offers ROOM'S STARTING AT $89 Groups Location Experience York York History Gallery Contact BOOK NOW Body Copy Wrapper for slides Paradise found Discover More A playground for all Discover More enjoy Coastal comforts Discover More TASTE THE LOCAL FLAVOR Discover More beach beauties Discover More why resort to anything less? Make your own Maine vacation memories. The Anchorage is where vacation traditions begin. Located in York Beach, Maine, the Anchorage Inn is just a short drive from Boston and Portland, Maine. The Anchorage Inn and Resort features over 200 rooms and suites, 2 outdoor and 2 indoor swimming pools, Sun and Surf oceanfront dining, a poolside café, fitness center, resort-wide WiFi, and more. We are located on Long Sands Beach, directly across from famous Nubble Lighthouse. The outdoor pools are open seasonally as is the Sun and Surf restaurant for dining. Currently the Sun and Surf is open weekends only through November. Please contact us for specific hours. About anchorage inn Rooms & Suites Coastal Comforts The Anchorage Inn offers three unique buildings and 202 rooms. The main building, motel style, offers the best ocean views. The atrium, a hotel building with rooms surrounding an indoor lap pool, offers limited ocean views from one side of the building, and less expensive rooms without ocean views from the other side of the building. The Ocean Suites offer suites with ocean views, private balconies, fireplaces and jacuzzi tubs. View Rooms & Suites Our Rooms and Suites at a glance Main Building Two Queens View Room Atrium Two Queens View Room Ocean Suites Two Queens View Room Main Building One King View Room Atrium One King View Room Ocean Suites One King View Room Main Building Two Doubles View Room Main Building One Queen View Room Ocean Suites One King Separate View Room Main Building Spa Suite Floor 1+2 View Room Main Building Spa Suite 3rd Floor View Room Loft Middle Room View Room Loft End Rooms View Room Click arrows to view more of our rooms suites dreamy ocean views right at your doorstep Explore local beaches Sun & Surf Coastal Dining A family run restaurant since 1963, the Sun and Surf restaurant offers ocean front dining directly across from the Anchorage Inn. Guests can enjoy locally caught seafood and new American cuisine on the outdoor patios in season. discover Sun & Surf Special offers Add a little something extra to your visit at the Anchorage Inn Check to see if the item has been unpublished. Capture the current date. Capture the item's expiration date. If the current date is less than the item's expiration date OR the item doesn't have a expiration date, show the offer. Stay and Dine Package - 2 Nights and 1 Dinner Included! View Offer Check to see if the item has been unpublished. Capture the current date. Capture the item's expiration date. If the current date is less than the item's expiration date OR the item doesn't have a expiration date, show the offer. Check to see if the item has been unpublished. Check to see if the item has been unpublished. Capture the current date. Capture the item's expiration date. If the current date is less than the item's expiration date OR the item doesn't have a expiration date, show the offer. Check to see if the item has been unpublished. Capture the current date. Capture the item's expiration date. If the current date is less than the item's expiration date OR the item doesn't have a expiration date, show the offer. Play, Stay & Be Married View Offer View All Offers explore our beautiful storied coastline Explore local area Stay Up To Date Make sure you get all of our promotions, special offers and Maine news to your inbox. Success! Thanks for signing up! Signup Here I agree to the Terms & Conditions . End CTCT Sign-Up Form Follow Contact (207)363-5112 info@anchorageinn.com Address PO Box 1329 - RT 1A 265 Long Beach Avenue York Beach, ME 03910 Quick Links Room Policies Terms & Conditions Testimonials Employment Contact Us © 2019 - Anchorage Inn – York Beach Maine Lodging and Accommodations, Restaurant and Dining Google Tag Manager (noscript) End Google Tag Manager (noscript) pixel script End pixel script 