Travel to Albania, Visit Albania, Albania Tourism, Toggle navigation Albanina holidays, unusual but rewarding English Shqip Italiano Deutsch Français Россию Español tours MICE hotels cars shorex Wrapper welcome message,about albania, reviews ALBANIA HOLIDAYS a leading Destination Management Company invites you to be part of a unique experience, discovering an unknown but fascinating country. ... more Albania has much to offer: a sunny Mediterranean climate, delicious food, kind and welcoming people, a laid back attitude, a rich history, an old culture, unique traditions, beautiful landscapes with mountains, rivers and a magnificent coastline. Visitors to the country describe Albanians as warm and inquisitive, happy to see foreigners. Albania Holidays can assist you to discover the country in the most authentic way by offering tailor ... more made solutions for groups & FIT-s, with a focus on the local elements: history, culture, traditions and way of life. We provide professional arrangements for: tours, events, venue selection, team building activities, shore excursions for cruises and more. About Albania General Info Albanian Cities Getting to Albania Visa Requirements 218 REVIEWS Write your review about our services! Featured Products Highlights of Albania This tour is a must for any visitor who would like to discover Albania within an acceptable time frame The unknown Balkans This tour combines some of the lesser known countries in the Balkans; Albania, Macedonia, Kosovo and Montenegro Tirana city break Albania Holidays offers you the chance to spend a weekend in the dynamic Albanian capital,Tirana Albanian folklore tour A tour to Albania, devised to explore a barely known destination and to experience its history, traditions and people. VISIBLE ON MOBILE VERSION ONLY Featured Products Highlights of Albania Balkans a fusion of flavors Tirana city break Albanian Folklore tour Blog Blog Recent news from Albania Holidays blog <div class="post-title default-color">Recent news</div> End of posts Map of Albania End of Widget Albania Videos End of Widget End of blog aside End of Heading Weather By accessing and/or using this code snippet, you agree to AccuWeather’s terms and conditions (in English) which can be found at http://www.accuweather.com/en/free-weather-widgets/terms and AccuWeather’s Privacy Statement (in English) which can be found at http://www.accuweather.com/en/privacy. Albania Photos LightWidget WIDGET End of Widget End of page-container End of page +35542235688 Business Hours Monday to Friday: 08:00 -18:00 (CET) Saturday 08.00-16.00 (CET) FAQ How to Make a Reservation Contact Review Order Summary Customer Service +35542235688 Business Hours Monday to Friday: 08:00 -18:00 (CET) Saturday 08.00-16.00 (CET) FAQ How to Make a Reservation Partner Sites www.kosovo-holidays.com www.macedonia-holidays.com www.balkan-hotel.com www.albania-hotel.com www.tirana-hotel.com Links About Us Contact Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Partners For Hoteliers Associations Albania Holidays DMC is a member of: 1 DMC WORLD Albanian Tour operator Association Internationaler Bustouristik Verband To see Albania Holidays certificates, licenses and membership please click here Copyright © 2019 Albania Holidays Ltd. All rights reserved.Powered by Manderina Promotions Google Tag Manager End Google Tag Manager Start of Zopim Live Chat Script End of Zopim Live Chat Script 