 Inviting & Authentic Montreal Hotel | Auberge du Vieux-Port | Montreal Google Tag Manager (noscript) End Google Tag Manager (noscript) Alert: Continuing to browse aubergeduvieuxport.com entails that you agree to our use of cookies Book en | fr Menu Close Old Montreal Gallery Contact en fr Hotel Rooms Food & Drinks Meetings & Events Offers Book Now Old Montreal Gallery Contact en fr Hotel Rooms Food & Drinks Meetings & Events Offers Book Now Hotel Rooms Food & Drinks Meetings & Events Offers Gallery Contact Auberge du Vieux-Port We warmly welcome you to the Auberge du Vieux-Port, located by the Saint Lawrence River. We warmly welcome you to the Auberge du Vieux-Port, located by the Saint Lawrence River. Our staff is dedicated in providing you with a personalized, unforgettable stay in the heart of Old Montreal. Take a Look Auberge du Vieux-Port Formerly a 19th-century warehouse, Auberge du Vieux-Port is a charming Old Montreal hotel, featuring a convivial restaurant, rooftop bistro and unique event spaces. 1 / 5 Rooms that are both Modern and Historic Our 45 rooms merge 19th-century architecture with modern sensibilities. All rooms have oak or pine floors, and many have post and beam ceilings, and stone or brick walls. Discover More Delicious cuisine at Taverne Gaspar Originally a 19th century warehouse, Gaspar’s kitchen offers soulful staples with a charming and friendly service. Come join us for pub-inspired fare with live music and great cocktails. In the summer, the festivities spill out onto our charming outdoor patio facing the port. Discover More One of a kind view In the mood for a drink and some sightseeing? In the summer, come to our Terrasse sur l’Auberge where the views are incredible and give you the perfect outlook on the Old Montreal. Fresh ingredients, shining sun and Aperol Spritz are awaiting you! Discover More Our Storied Past Our cozy and charming auberge is housed in two historic buildings – the Hector Lamontagne Heritage Building, and the Victor-Hudon Building – both dating back to the 19th century. Learn More An Historic Venue for Events and Weddings Our historically inspired Old Montreal hotel offers a private meeting space, a comfortable lounge and a terrace overlooking the city. Find Out More We’re right in the heart of Old Montreal – the perfect home base for exploring the city Our hotel pays homage to the city’s illustrious past – with original brick and stone walls, old oak floors, and casement windows looking out onto St. Paul Street or the St. Lawrence River. It’s an ideal spot for exploring Old Montreal’s galleries, shops, restaurants and historic monuments. Step Inside We’re right in the heart of Old Montreal – the perfect home base for exploring the city Our hotel pays homage to the city’s illustrious past – with original brick and stone walls, old oak floors, and casement windows looking out onto St. Paul Street or the St. Lawrence River. It’s an ideal spot for exploring Old Montreal’s galleries, shops, restaurants and historic monuments. Step Inside As our most notable guests, subscribe to our newsletter and be the first to know about our events and promotions. Thank you! Sorry, we couldn't register this email! Close Contact our Od Montreal Hotel If you’re trying to figure out where to stay in Old Montreal, look no further. At our innovative, inspired hotel, we’re dedicated to providing an elevated guest experience. General Inquiries Telephone +1 (514) 876-0081 Toll Free Canada & US +1 (888) 660-7678 info@aubergeduvieuxport.com Guest Room Reservations reservation@aubergeduvieuxport.com Location Auberge du Vieux-Port 97, rue de la Commune Est, Montréal, QC H2Y 1J1 View On Map Concierge concierge@aubergeduvieuxport.com Meetings & Events (514)-876-008 | (514)- 788-4023 sales@aubergeduvieuxport.com Dining (514)-392-1649 info@tavernegaspar.com Wedding Inquiries (514)- 788-4023 weddings@aubergeduvieuxport.com Corporate Rate Agreements (514)-778-4427 sales@aubergeduvieuxport.com Press & Media Inquiries media@aubergeduvieuxport.com Career Opportunities carrieres@experiencevieuxmontreal.com Gift Cards info@aubergeduvieuxport.com Feedback on your stay mystay@aubergeduvieuxport.com Close > 97 Rue de la Commune E,  Vieux-Montréal, QC H2Y 1J1 E   info@aubergeduvieuxport.com T   (514) 876-0081 Work with us Gift Card Press Policies Thank you! Subscribe to our newsletter. 