Agriturismo San Gimignano (Siena) Italy - Agriturismo Cesani • Official Website Agriturismo San Gimignano (Siena) Italy - Agriturismo Cesani • Official Website IT | EN | DE | FR Check Availability Home | Agriturismo | Accommodation | Philosophy | Services | Working farm | The area | Contacts Agriturismo Cesani on vacation to discover the ancient traditions and flavours of real rural Tuscany... Azienda Agricola Cesani discovering the excellence of Tuscany Azienda Agricola Biologica Cesani is an organic farm nestled in the rolling hills of the Tuscan countryside, in the tiny country hamlet of Pancole, 6 km to the medieval town of San Gimignano , halfway between Siena and Florence. The estate is surrounded by its own vineyards and olive groves, from which the Cesani Family have been producing for decades excellent wines and extra-virgin olive oil, combining harmonically respect for the environment and modern technologies, love for their homeland and sustainability . Besides the working farm, they run Agriturismo Cesani , which provides lovely holiday accommodation a short distance to the centre of San Gimignano. The Agriturismo consists of 1 0 simple, but comfortable rooms and of a nice panoramic apartment , where you can experience the real Tuscan country life off the most beaten tourist paths, and discover delightful flavours and ancient traditions. A genuine farm where you can start your emotional journey through culture, history, art, and typical flavours. Guests are offered a unique opportunity in Tuscany: besides wine tasting with visits to the cellar and to the working farm, the most curious ones can join a mini course of oenology, as an introduction to the intriguing world of wine. From Tripadvisor "EXCELLENT!!" We had a wonderfull stay, a very kind and helpful staff , all off them . The breakfast was delicious , with products of the farm , tomatos, olive oil, fruit, cake, ... all excellent food and always served with a smile! The rooms were clean and the room cleaning was also very well. Nice swimming pool... There is a small frig in the room ,very practical also to keep the excellent Cesani wine cool:) Agriturismo Cesani is situated in a very beautifull region nearby San Gimignano, Siena, Firenze, Volterra ,Certaldo... wonderfull views! I would like to thank all off the staff and the family Agriturismo Cesani is really to be recommended!!! Accommodation The estate consists of several farmhouses that have been divided in 10 comfortable rooms with private ensuite bathrooms and in one apartment for small family groups, all immersed in the regenerating silence of the Tuscan countryside. Facilities Simplicity and professionalism, these are the main features of the services you will find at Agriturismo Cesani: delicious breakfasts, typical local products , guided wine tasting and pure relax by the pool. Our philosophy Agriturismo Cesani is a place where human relationships are based on solidarity, cooperation, and justice , in order to make deep changes in the economic logic and let personal relationships prevail on hasty consume. Helpful Info agriturismo san gimignano farmhouse | agriturismo san gimignano swimming pool | agriturismo tuscany air conditioning | agriturismo tuscany organic agriturismo tuscany vineyard | agriturismo tuscany winery | agriturismo tuscany with pool | agriturismo zafferano san gimignano | Home | Agriturismo | Accommodation | Philosophy | Services | Working farm | The area | Contacts Agriturismo Cesani Loc Pancole 82/A 53037 San Gimignano (Siena) Italia Tel & Fax: +39 0577 955084 E-mail: info@agriturismocesani.it P.iva: 00300240520 Agriturismo Cesani su: Design: Genial Pixel - Siti internet Siena 