Armidale Boutique Accommodation Phone: 0402 05 85 04 Armidale, NSW Menu Accommodation The Elms Camellia Court Unit 1 Unit 2 About Armidale FAQ Getting here Contact "A great stay in an immaculate cottage, nothing is left to chance." Don & Anna, Brisbane Armidale Boutique Accommodation offers a collection of four elegantly appointed self-contained town-houses, all within a short walk to Armidale's CBD. All accommodation provides free NBN wifi. Introducing our Armidale Boutique Accommodation: The Elms 9 Belle Avenue Hidden behind a tall and unassuming garden fence is The Elms , a private and quiet little cottage. As with each of our properties, it is elegantly appointed and fully self-contained -perfect for a single or couple, with one queen bedroom. Facilities Reverse-cycle air conditioning Queen sized bed Soft down quilt, electric blanket, beautiful linen Full laundry facilities Fully equipped kitchen with dishwasher Free NBN wifi Details Camellia Court 15 Railway Parade Camellia Court is a fully self-contained cottage, beautifully renovated and now with wheel-chair access and bathroom. Two bedrooms are available, with one queen bed and one double bed. Facilities Reverse-cycle air conditioning Sheltered north-facing deck Two bedrooms, 1 queen bed & 1 double bed Soft down quilts, electric blankets, beautiful linen Full laundry facilities Fully equipped kitchen with dishwasher Free NBN wifi Details Unit 1 13 Railway Pde If you have been searching for a tastefully decorated home-away- from-home within easy walking distance of Armidale's CBD then look no further.  Ideal for long-term visitors staying in Armidale for work or study, two bedrooms are available with one queen and one double bed. The accommodation is fully-self contained with own laundry and the kitchen includes a dishwasher. Facilities 1 Queen & 1 Double All linen provided Electric blankets & down quilts Fully equipped kitchen with dishwasher Full sized fridge Details Unit 2 13 Railway Pde As with No. 1, 13 Railway Pde, this lovely north-facing unit is fully self-contained with own laundry and has two bedrooms available (one queen bed and one double). Please note, the kitchen does not contain a dishwasher. Facilities Reverse-cycle air conditioning Queen and Double beds Soft down quilts, electric blankets, beautiful linen Fully equipped kitchen (no dishwasher) Full laundry facilities Free NBN wifi Details Reservations & Enquiries: 0402 05 85 04 or Click for new Booking Enquiry Name * Email * Phone * Which property are you interested in? * The Elms Camellia Court Unit 1 Unit 2 How many adults? 1 2 3 4 How many children?   1 2 Check In Date * Check Out Date * Do you have any requests or requirements? BACK TO TOP Armidale Boutique Accommodation is a Member of New England B&B and Farmstays Association: www.ruralstay.com Accommodation About FAQ Getting here Contact Phone: 0402 05 85 04 Email Postal Address: 134 Brown St Armidale NSW 2350 Armidale Boutique Accommodation is a Member of New England B&B and Farmstays Association: www.ruralstay.com © Copyright 2019 Armidale Boutique Accommodation All rights reserved.  ABN: 11 345 565 250   Terms & Conditions DelaneyDavidson 