Mysite © 2019 by Richard Trembulak. Proudly created with Wix.com Tel: 1 (928) 282-5328  CONTACT US Send Message info@appleorchardbb.com • 656 Jordan Rd • Sedona, AZ 86336• HOME ABOUT ROOMS AMENITIES/SERVICES GALLERY SIGHTS/ACTIVITIES INN POLICIES CONTACT BOOK A ROOM More BOOK A ROOM of Sedona    Bed & Breakfast    ABOUT We are a luxury ranch-style bed and breakfast located in beautiful Uptown Sedona, set in the mystical Oak Creek Canyon . Built from native rock and surrounded by Utah Juniper, Pinol Pine, and a few old apple trees, our Inn backs up against the enchanting Coconino National Forest. Originally the house (much smaller then..) was surrounded by Sedona’s finest apple trees grown by none-other than Sedona’s all-to-famous Jordan family. The house was once owned and lived in by Jordan family members as well - adding a bit of nostalgic history to our Inn. We offer romantic and charming lodging in one of the most beautiful places on Earth. We have 7 cozy rooms (6 have Jacuzzi tubs), a grotto-style pool and spa, and the most breathtaking views the eye can see. We serve a delicious, hot breakfast every morning with fresh fruit, coffee, juice, milk as well as local pastries-some made from scratch right in our kitchen.  If you're looking for luxury lodging in Sedona, you've found it. Book a room today! OUR ROOMS We have 7 cozy rooms, each with their own theme. Each room has a flatscreen TV, refrigerator and 2 plush robes for our guests to use to go to the pool or hot tub. All of our rooms have keyless entry personalized to each of our guests. To view rooms and descriptions, as well as pricing, click here . To book a room, click the button below. Book Now **All rooms have a 2-night minimum when booking Friday or Saturday OUR AMENITIES/SERVICES Hot Breakfast Daily   Our guests can choose from a full menu of hearty and delicious breakfast entrees.  Free Wifi   We offer high speed internet to all of our guests at no extra charge. Hot Tub   We have a wonderful and enchanting hot tub that has one of the best views Arizona has to offer. Daily Housekeeping   We offer turndown service if requested. Fresh towels, linens and toiletries upon request. Pool   After a long day of hiking or walking through Sedona's many shops and galleries, dip into our pool and cool off... Full HD Cable including HBO ​ ​ All of our TV's have a full HD cable line-up including all HBO movie channels. GALLERY 1/2 THINGS TO DO IN SEDONA Helicopter/Jeep Tours   Feeling adventurous? Soar in a helicopter through the Oak Creek Canyon, or take one of the many Jeep tours and crawl over boulders and get a little muddy! We have trolley tours as well for those who wish to stay grounded... Shopping    Uptown Sedona is home to dozens of wonderful, alluring and mystical gift shops. From incense, crystals and jewelry to clothing, accessories and more, Uptown is sure to keep you busy. West Sedona has may shops to ponder as well grocery stores such as Basha's, Whole Foods, Natural Grocers and Safeway. Shop till you drop!  Hiking and/or Biking   With nearly 50 hiking trails and over 200 miles of biking trails, the Sedona-Coconino National Forest area is sure to have a trail for everyone, from beginner to expert. Don't forget to bring your hiking/biking gear and carry plenty of water. T'laquepaque   T'laquepaque is one of Sedona's largest attractions. It was named after a colorful Mexican city on the outskirts of Guadalajara by the same name. Tlaquepaque is a word from the Nahuatl Native Indian language, the ancient language of the Aztecs meaning the “best of everything.” Designed with Spanish Colonial architecture, T'lauepaque has fine art galleries and shops as well as fine dining. It is truly the best of everything!     Fine Dining   Breakfast is nothing to worry about when you stay at the Apple Orchard Inn. We feature a gourmet European and American breakfast with every night's stay. For lunch and dinner, Sedona has much to offer. With dozens of restaurants, cafes, bakeries, and even a couple of micro-breweries, Sedona is sure to have something to arouse your tastebuds! Fine Art Galleries ​ Sedona is home to one the world's largest and Arizona's second largest art gallery, Exposures International Fine Art Gallery. If that's not enough, Sedona has many more galleries and exhibits to view throughout Uptown, as well as West Sedona. This only the tip of the iceberg. Sedona has much more to offer. Go to VisitSedona.com  for more information. GUEST REVIEW      "Our first experience at a bed and Breakfast. Sherrie and Rich are excellent and attentive Hosts! We enjoyed their company. The breakfasts were Delicious! Sherrie gave extra attention in preparation and variety for a delicious Breakfast!" ​ Coleen - February 17, 2019 Diese Website wurde mit dem Homepage-Baukasten von .com erstellt. Erstellen Sie Ihre Website noch heute. Gleich loslegen No Footer 