Aisling | Aisling Bed and Breakfast In Boston CALL 617.206.8049 Guest Reviews Check Availability Contact Us Blog END .top-bar-wrapper Main Navigation Check Availability About The House The Hosts Location Guest Reviews Contact Us Rooms & Rates Murmod Sanctuary Duleek Opulent END .header-wrapper END .header-container-wrapper Rooms View Our Rooms House Learn About Our House Aisling guest house is located in the Historic Boston neighborhood of the South End. The South End is Boston’s most varied and famous dining destination. A brisk walk or ten minute bus ride brings you downtown. Aisling is your gateway to a truly relaxing visit to Boston. Aisling means “Dream” in Gaelic. Your  Irish hosts  Dympna and James take pride in making you feel at home while still on a dream vacation. Each room has: Private bathroom Premium Cable TV Wireless internet Central air-conditioning Transport: Private parking must be reserved There is a kitchenette available for guests’ use. A Pack ‘n Play® for infants is also available on request. 2011 Editor’s Choice in Yankee Magazine’s “Best of New England” as “Best Way to Stay Like a Local.” Events & News Aisling on the radio! February 28, 2016 By Damon Magnuski 0 Comment Aisling was featured by Kevin Price, on the Price of Business radio show.  Kevin was a guest, and he was so impressed, he asked to interview Dympna on the show!  Check it out on YouTube. Find Out More December Events December 1, 2015 By Kacey Clark 0 Comment Brace yourselves …. Winter is coming. If you’re from New England, you know that winter heralds both the wondrous joys of Boston Christmas … and the dramatic shift to sub zero temperatures and giant piles of snow. While you strive to survive the onslaught of cold, here are some great events to check out and help keep you enjoying winter and the Christmas season. What: The Nutcracker When:  All month! Where:… Find Out More END .page-wrapper page-outer-wrapper END .row-wrapper main-wrapper END .main-outer-wrapper Aisling Bed and Breakfast 21 E. Concord St. Boston, MA 02118 USA 617-206-8049 dympna@aisling-bostonbb.com The House The Hosts Location Guest Reviews Contact Us Murmod Sanctuary Duleek Opulent CALL 617.206.8049 Guest Reviews Check Availability Contact Us Blog Copyright © 2014 All Rights Reserved. Sitemap . Legal Disclaimer . Site by 829 Studios Stay Connected Twitter Facebook Google Plus TripAdvisor END .footer-wrapper END .footer-outer-wrapper END .body-wrapper END .body-outer-wrapper 