Anchuca | Historic Mansion and Inn BEGIN #background-wrapper BEGIN #wrapper BEGIN #header-gmap END #header-gmap BEGIN #topbar #topbar-wrapper BEGIN .topbar-left END .topbar-left BEGIN .topbar-right Book Now Secondary Navigation 1.601.661.0111 reservations@anchuca.com END .topbar-right END #topbar-right END #topbar BEGIN .content-wrapper Historic Mansion and Inn .main-navigation Main Menu About Our History Our Neighborhood Our Amenities Our Store Accommodations Booking Dining Special Events Blog Contact Us .main-navigation BEGIN .mobile-menu-wrapper Navigation mobile-menu-inner Mobile Menu About Our History Our Neighborhood Our Amenities Our Store Accommodations Booking Dining Special Events Blog Contact Us mobile-menu-inner END .mobile-menu-wrapper END .content-wrapper BEGIN #slider for calculating departure date Select Dates Arrival: Nights: 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 --- Guests: 1 2 3 4 5 6 Promotional Code: Check Availability & Rates booking-widget availability-inner availability fdx for datepicker END #slider BEGIN .content-wrapper BEGIN .clearfix BEGIN .one-third Anchuca Anchuca, a Choctaw Indian word meaning "happy home," is one of the most significant antebellum homes and the first historical Bed & Breakfasts in Vicksburg, Mississippi. Come experience the history. Open for tours daily from 9:30 am to 4:00 pm Read More END .one-third BEGIN .one-third Amenities Home tours Coffee and tea library Classical outdoor pool Free wifi Plantation breakfast Read More END .one-third BEGIN .one-third Café Anchuca Southern gourmet at it's finest. Café Anchuca attracts locals and tourist alike while offering fine dining with an authentic southern-style garden room atmosphere. Come celebrate your special occasion with us or simply take the night off. We'll indulge you with elegance. Read More END .one-third END .clearfix BEGIN .content-wrapper Testimonials “Thank You” – We thoroughly enjoyed our stay at Anchuca! The food was GREAT and our room was perfect! The hospitality from the “get-go” was awesome – starting with the day I called to make our reservations. I love my new Anchuca cookbook and can’t wait to try out some of the recipes. Can’t wait to return! Washington, DC - Willson Room “An unexpected pleasure” – It’s a good test of a B&B to try it in the off season. Anchuca passed with flying colors; the surroundings were lovely; the was food great and the staff and host very helpful. Vicksburg has turned itself into a great tourist destination. Our only regret is that we didn’t stay longer. Western Colorado - Jennie's Room, Carriage House “Fantastic time” – Just returned from a 3 night stay at this wonderful B&B, and we could not have improved a thing. Tom is a gracious welcoming host and a repository of local historic knowledge; Chris will supply you with an outstanding “plantation” breakfast that will last you well into the latter part of the day. Owen Sound, Canada - Davis Room “A true southern delight!” – Being from California, I thought all Vicksburg had to offer was the military park. Was I ever wrong! Anchuca is a fantastic antebellum home right in the heart of everything. The house itself is beautifully restored and appointed, and the location is so convenient. Sebastopol, CA - Old Quarter Queen BEGIN .content-wrapper Blog BEGIN .slider BEGIN .one-half Anchuca from the Air By anchucademo / 9th October, 2018 It’s a beautiful day in Anchuca’s historic neighborhood. END .one-half BEGIN .one-half Summertime…and the living is easy! By anchucademo / 13th May, 2017 Anchuca is getting in shape for summer. Anchuca Historic Mansion & Inn in Vicksburg, Miss. END .one-half BEGIN .one-half “The Charm of Vicksburg, Mississippi” By anchucademo / 13th May, 2017 Stop in Vicksburg was highlight of civil war-themed cruise Every day aboard the America Cruise Line’s America was spectacular, especially for those END .one-half BEGIN .one-half The Best of the Best By Natalie Pittman / 11th November, 2016 Anchuca voted Best B&B in Vicksburg…again! As this Thanksgiving season approaches, we would like to take time to thank The Vicksburg Post a END .one-half BEGIN .one-half Fresh, Festive & Fabulous By Natalie Pittman / 16th August, 2016 New daily menu specials spice things up at Anchuca Sweet & Savory Pan Seared Salmon When planning Anchuca’s menu each day, general manager END .one-half BEGIN .one-half Tonight’s Menu By anchucademo / 15th August, 2016 Come join us for dinner at Café Anchuca! Here is tonight’s menu! Our signature Salmon is absolutely fabulous!   Anchuca Menu 8-15 END .one-half BEGIN .one-half Riverfest Weekend – Sunday Brunch By Natalie Pittman / 16th April, 2016 It’s Riverfest Weekend in Vicksburg! We hope you enjoy the Riverfest activities this weekend. END .one-half BEGIN .one-half Anchuca’s Sunday Brunch By Natalie Pittman / 21st January, 2016 “It’s more than a meal. It’s a tradition. END .one-half BEGIN .one-half Anchuca celebrates 60th anniversary as tour home By Natalie Pittman / 13th January, 2016 Dedication of Historical Marker Planned Vicksburg, Miss. END .one-half BEGIN .one-half Christmas is Coming! By anchucademo / 18th November, 2015 Anchuca is trimmed and ready Our tree trimming marathon last week was a big success. END .one-half END .text-slider END .text-slider END .content-wrapper BEGIN .dark-wrapper BEGIN .content-wrapper Events BEGIN .slider Mar 05 Vicksburg Run Thru History Event Time: 8:30 AM / Event Location: Vicksburg National Military Park Celebrating its 37th year, the Vicksburg Run Thru History 10-K road race is held every year, rain or shine, on the first Saturday in March. Apr 15 Riverfest Music & Arts Festival Event Time: Starting at 8:00 AM each day / Event Location: Historic Downtown Vicksburg The RiverFest Music and Arts Festival is April 15th and 17th! The 29th Annual RiverFest features live music as well as free Saturday daytime activitie Oct 01 Old Court House Flea Market Event Time: 8:00 am - 5:00 pm / Event Location: 1008 Cherry Street The 33rd Annual Old Court House Flea Market featuring over 200 arts/crafts and food booths will be around the Old Court House Museum, 1008 Cherry Stre Oct 08 Over the River Run Event Time: 8:00 AM / Event Location: Vicksburg – Old Mississippi River Bridge Join us for the 28th Annual Over the River Run – The 5-mile “Over the River Run” starts at the Old Mississippi River Bridge located at I-20 and Oct 16 7th Annual Bricks and Spokes Event Time: 8:00 am / Event Location: Downtown Vicksburg When else can you ride across the Old Mississippi River Bridge? Only at the 7th Annual Bricks and Spokes Bicycle Ride on Saturday, October 10th! The b END .text-slider END .text-slider END .content-wrapper END .dark-wrapper BEGIN .content-wrapper Photo Gallery BEGIN .slider END .text-slider END .text-slider END .content-wrapper BEGIN .content-wrapper Social Media Sign up for our newsletter! Form by Newsletter Sign-Up v2.0.7 - https://wordpress.org/plugins/newsletter-sign-up/ Email: / Newsletter Sign-Up Trip Advisor: Rave Reviews BEGIN #footer-bottom Anchuca Historic Inn © Copyright 2015 I Web Design: barfieldesign.com Footer Navigation About / Accommodations / Anchuca Dining / END #footer-bottom END #footer END body 