Holidays in Austria: The Official Travel Guide Google Tag Manager End Google Tag Manager The Austrian National Tourist Office uses cookies according to its privacy policy. The collected data is used to optimize the company’s websites. However, you can refuse using cookies at all times, by simply adapting your settings. Close Menu Language Home Things to Do Skiing and Winter Cities and Culture Food and Drink Round Trips Walking and Hiking Lakes and Nature Cycling and Biking Family holidays Spa and Wellbeing Where to Go Regions Ski and Winter regions Walking and Hiking Regions Cycling and Biking Regions Family-Friendly Regions Wine and Culinary regions Spa and Thermal Regions Rivers and Lakes Cities Bregenz Innsbruck Salzburg Klagenfurt Graz Linz St. Pölten Vienna Eisenstadt Provinces Vorarlberg Tirol Salzburg Carinthia Styria Upper Austria Lower Austria Vienna Burgenland Service & Facts Getting There & Around Brochures & Catalogues Accessible Travel Useful Apps Editor's Tips Practical Information About Austria Nature and Climate Where to Stay Travel Magazine Map Win a Holiday Press B2B Conventions Newsletter Contact Us Display all search results ( ) No search results found! Please choose Language or Country Language Language Deutsch English Česky Dansk Español Français Hrvatski Italiano Magyar Nederlands Polski Português Română Slovenčina Slovenščina Svenska Türkçe Pусский للغة العربية 日本語 한국어 中文v or Country Country Österreich België Česká republika Danmark Deutschland España France Hrvatska Italia Magyarország Nederland Polska România Россия Schweiz Slovenia Slovenská republika Sverige Türkiye UK Australia China India Japan Korea Arab Countries Brasil USA open Website The Official Travel Guide Menu Win a Holiday Press B2B Conventions Newsletter Contact Us Language Search Choose your Language Choose your Country Deutsch English Česky Dansk Español Français Hrvatski Italiano Magyar Nederlands Polski Português Română Slovenčina Slovenščina Svenska Türkçe Pусский للغة العربية 日本語 中文v 한국어 Europe Österreich België Česká republika Danmark Deutschland España France Hrvatska Italia Magyarország Nederland Polska România Россия Schweiz Slovenia Slovenská republika Sverige Türkiye UK Asia Pacific Australia China India Japan Korea Middle east & Africa Arab Countries Americas Brasil USA Menu Things to Do Where to Go Service & Facts Where to Stay Travel Magazine Map Things to Do Skiing and Winter Skifahren im Montafon Cities and Culture Weltbühne Food and Drink Tafeln in Weinberg bei Falkenstein Round Trips Kunsthistorisches Museum Wien Walking and Hiking Alm Grossarl, SalzburgerLand Lakes and Nature Entdeckungsreise More activities Cycling and Biking Family holidays Spa and Wellbeing Regions Ski and Winter regions Walking and Hiking Regions Cycling and Biking Regions Family-Friendly Regions Wine and Culinary regions Spa and Thermal Regions Rivers and Lakes Cities Bregenz Innsbruck Salzburg Klagenfurt Graz Linz St. Pölten Vienna Eisenstadt Provinces Vorarlberg Tirol Salzburg Carinthia Styria Upper Austria Lower Austria Vienna Burgenland Service Getting There & Around Brochures & Catalogues Accessible Travel Useful Apps Editor's Tips Facts Practical Information About Austria Nature and Climate Holiday Information Line Give us a call Monday to Friday from 8am to noon. Outside of our office hours please drop us an email and we'll be happy to answer your questions. Telephone: 00800 400 200 00* info@austria.info *toll-free; calls from mobile networks may incur charges Top activities Skiing and Winter Skifahren im Montafon Cities and Culture Weltbühne Food and Drink Tafeln in Weinberg bei Falkenstein Round Trips Kunsthistorisches Museum Wien More search suggestions Display all search results ( ) No search results found! Boating at the Lake Zell © Österreich Werbung / thecreatingclick.com Summer in Austria: Make It Yours Choose Your Summer Destination Hiking in Brandnertal © Brandnertal Tourismus / Alex Kaiser Hand-Picked Destinations Summer in Austria: The story of how we sent some Brits to Austria to take the perfect selfie This summer, we sent some Brits to Austria to take the perfect selfie. Along the way, they experienced their very own Austria, and brought back not only selfies, but life-long memories. Read our guides to find out how to make summer in Austria yours – from awe-inspiring mountain peaks to be conquered on foot and well-marked bike trails across exhilarating terrain to culture-clad cities.   Our Favourite Summer Spots in Austria Discover Ötztal in Tirol & Zell am See-Kaprun View of the Ötztal mountains © Österreich Werbung / thecreatingclick.com 3 Londoners in Austria: A Time-Out in Nature What three busy Londoners experienced when taking a time-out in Austria’s most tranquil places. Read more Balcony of Deluxe Suite at the Steigenberger Hotel Herrenhof in Vienna © Steigenberger Hotels AG / Rainer Witzgall The Austria Hotel Collection Hotel Favourites Across Austria A relaxing spa holiday in Tirol or a stay in the heart of historic Vienna? Choose from a curated group of premier hotels that offer a uniquely Austrian travel experience and exemplify the best in Austrian hospitality.   Find Your Hotel Favourite in Austria Brexit and Travelling to Austria Austrian Airlines Boeing 777 Aircraft © Austrian Airlines Tips & Recommendations Find out what to watch out for when travelling to Austria after Brexit Learn more Learn more Our Tips for You The Green Lake in Styria © Steiermark Tourismus / Weberberger Austria’s Most Beautiful Places, According to Austrians Every year, the Austrian public picks the country’s most beautiful spots in a live telecast. How about visiting one of these magical places? Discover more Apfelstrudel © Österreich Werbung / Wolfgang Schardt Favourite Austrian Recipes If you are craving a taste of Austria, then why not don your apron and recreate your favourite regional specialities at home? We have compiled a list of some of Austria's delicious all-time classics. Taste the Yummm! ÖBB RegioBahn in Winter © ÖBB / Harald Eisenberger Getting There & Around Find information about travelling to Austria by plane, car, train and coach. Take advantage of the free online route planner for your holidays in Austria. How to get to and around Austria No search results found! Holidays in Austria Share your feedback for a chance to win a special holiday experience! Take the brief survey here What Are You Interested In? Walking and Hiking Alm Grossarl, SalzburgerLand © Österreich Werbung / Andreas Hofer Cycling and Biking Bikepath Duernstein © Österreich Werbung / Peter Burgstaller Cities and Culture Austria's cities offer a wide range of cultural experiences © Österreich Werbung / Sebastian Stiphout Food and Drink Wine Tasting Falkenstein © Österreich Werbung / Peter Burgstaller Skiing and Winter Skiing in the Montafon © Montafon Tourismus GmbH, Schruns / Daniel Zangerl Lakes and Nature In Austria you will find beautiful alpine lakes with water so clean you could drink it © Österreich Werbung / Sebastian Stiphout Round Trips The Art-Historical Museum in Vienna is surrounded by a charming park © Österreich Werbung / Peter Burgstaller Family Holidays Hut at Schwarzsee © Österreich Werbung / Peter Burgstaller How Well Do You Know Austria? /.page-slider-progress Musicians Brass band © Österreich Werbung / Grieder Take Our Quiz! (1/5) /.quiz-item-head Which of these songs is an Austrian Eurovision winner? Nur ein Lied /.radio Nobody Like You /.radio Rise Like a Phoenix /.radio Wohin, kleines Pony? /.radio /.list-radios /.quiz-item-body Next question /.quiz-item-actions /.quiz-item /.slide-content /.slide Take Our Quiz! (2/5) /.quiz-item-head How many provinces does Austria consist of? 6 /.radio 9 /.radio 12 /.radio 13 /.radio /.list-radios /.quiz-item-body Next question /.quiz-item-actions /.quiz-item /.slide-content /.slide Alps of Austria © Österreich Werbung Take Our Quiz! (3/5) /.quiz-item-head Which of these is NOT a neighbouring country of Austria? Czech Republic /.radio Italy /.radio Switzerland /.radio Poland /.radio /.list-radios /.quiz-item-body Next question /.quiz-item-actions /.quiz-item /.slide-content /.slide Adlertrail mit Großglockner im Hintergrund © WOM Medien / Andreas Meyer Take Our Quiz! (4/5) /.quiz-item-head Which is Austria’s highest mountain? Großglockner /.radio Wildspitze /.radio Großvenediger /.radio Piz Buin /.radio /.list-radios /.quiz-item-body Next question /.quiz-item-actions /.quiz-item /.slide-content /.slide Wiener Schnitzel © Wien Tourismus / Robert Osmark Take Our Quiz! (5/5) /.quiz-item-head Which of these is a Vienna landmark? Goldenes Dachl /.radio Stephansdom /.radio Festung /.radio Uhrturm /.radio /.list-radios /.quiz-item-body Your quiz score /.quiz-item-actions /.quiz-item /.slide-content /.slide /.slide-bg Your quiz score /.quiz-item-head 0% /.value /.progress-circle-value /.circles-section /.result-chart of questions were answered correctly. /.quiz-item-body show answers restart quiz /.quiz-item-actions /.quiz-item /.slide-content /.slide /.slider /.page-quiz-body Editor's Choice The Green Lake in Styria © Steiermark Tourismus / Weberberger Austria’s Most Beautiful Places, According to Austrians Every year, the Austrian public picks the country’s most beautiful spots in a live telecast. How about visiting one of these magical places? Discover more James Bond Sölden © Bergbahnen Sölden 007 on the Mountain An interactive exhibition titled „007 ELEMENTS” on the Gaislachkogel mountain goes behind the scenes of the 2015 James Bond film shoot in Sölden. Read more Spring at the Volksgarten in Vienna © Christian Stemper Vienna: a Green Cultural Oasis Johann Strauss Jr. immortalised just how blue the Danube is with his world-famous waltz. But just how green the city around it is can still surprise. Read more Waldviertel Panorama Rappottenstein © Waldviertel Tourismus / www.ishootpeople.at Austria's Rejuvenating Forests Forests help connect us to the here and now and spending time there works wonders for the soul. You'll be spoilt for choice with a wealth of beautiful forests at your feet in Austria.  Read more Load more No search results found! Load more Receive Our FREE Newsletter Sign up to receive the latest information, competitions, tips and holiday deals. E-mail Please provide your email address Submit Please fill in fields marked with * By subscribing to the newsletter you agree to our data protection policy . Submit Data is being processed Thank you for signing up! We look forward to sending you the latest news and recommendations for your perfect holidays in Austria. Your Austrian National Tourist Office Team Your registration failed. Please check your e-mail address. Interactive map of Austria Interactive map Ars Electronica Center / Linz, Oberösterreich © Österreich Werbung / Peter Burgstaller Events in Austria Text search All provinces Burgenland Carinthia Lower Austria Upper Austria Salzburg Styria Tirol Vorarlberg Vienna Province All July 2019 August 2019 September 2019 October 2019 November 2019 December 2019 January 2020 February 2020 March 2020 April 2020 May 2020 June 2020 Month Plan your trip with us... Give us a call Monday to Friday from 8am to noon. Outside of our office hours please drop us an email and we'll be happy to answer your questions. Holiday information Our holiday experts are here to assist you with your holiday planning. Give us a call from 8am to noon or drop us an email and we'll be happy to answer your questions. Telephone: 00800 400 200 00* info@austria.info *toll-free; calls from mobile networks may incur charges Feedback and win Share feedback about holidays in Austria for a chance to win! Take the survey here Newsletter Subscribe to our free monthly e-newsletter and receive great information about Austria. Newsletter Imprint / Terms & Conditions show more Close Imprint / Terms & Conditions Data Protection Newsletter Contact Us © Show image copyrights Image copyrights The main purpose of the two main domains www.austria.info and www.austriatourism.com is the promotion of Austria as a holiday destination. Copyright text Location 