Anderson Park Motel - Your Ideal Cromwell Motel Accommodation Google Tag Manager (noscript) End Google Tag Manager (noscript) Call us on 0800 220 550 Book Now Home Accommodation Gallery Local Attractions Upcoming Events Contact Us Book Now An ideal base to explore An ideal base to discover An ideal base to relax An ideal base to travel An ideal base to enjoy We offer quality and affordable accommodation in the very heart of Cromwell, Central Otago, and look forward to welcoming you to this very special area of New Zealand. Relax and enjoy the peace, privacy and comfort of your own self-contained unit. All situated on the ground floor, each of our 11 spacious units include Sky TV and internet access, and with a range different accommodation options to choose from, there is something to suit every traveller. What we offer As well as our central and highly accessible location, we also offer ample off-street parking, spacious leafy grounds, a children’s playground and an outdoor entertainment area fully equipped with a BBQ for your use. An easy walk to Cromwell Mall and Old Cromwell Town, you’ll be tempted by the town’s fabulous cafes, restaurants, galleries and boutique shops. Highlands and several wineries are also just a short drive away. We're happy to now offer all of our guests SKY Guest Select! choose from 50+ SKY channels with your own SKY decoder in the room. Explore Central Otago Cromwell is situated on the shore of the stunning Lake Dunstan and surrounded by the natural beauty of one of New Zealand’s most picturesque regions. Take the time to explore the countryside, with spectacular walking tracks, award winning wineries, and of course the five local ski fields, all situated within an hour’s scenic drive from the motel. We warmly welcome families, tourists, backpackers, corporate and sports groups, commercial travellers and more, to our family owned and operated motel. Make sure you don’t miss out on an event that’s happening in our area when you visit - check out our events page here! I will always stay at Anderson Park whenever I am in Cromwell. The owners, Bruce & Gill are always so lovely and welcoming and make sure that I have everything I need when I am here. They are also very knowledgeable about the region. ‍ - TripAdvisor Reviewer Very clean, spacious room in a quiet area but not so far from the city center. A takeaway shop is 3-min walk. Free use of washing machine. Very friendly hosts and their dog. We felt like home. I wish to stay longer. - Bangkok, Thailand Very clean and great shower Nice and quiet location but still central to everything. Wonderful and helpful hosts i will be back Will be recommending to other family and friends! - Christchurch, New Zealand The hosts were outstanding, going out of their way to ensure that we had everything we needed. The room was exceptionally clean and comfortable. The grounds are great for families - lots of space to relax and a play area for the kids. Wonderful and helpful hosts - thank you, we will be back! - Sydney, Australia The new owners know how to make you feel extremely welcome and are able to connect you in with all the local attractions - from playgrounds for the kids, through to vineyards and other local attractions. Highly recommend and we'll definitely be back! Thank you!! - Wellington, New Zealand Hosts superb nice and quiet location and room had great amenities and enough to cater for family a of 5!! Great recommendations for activities and restaurants. Will be recommending to other family and friends! Thank You. - TripAdvisor Reviewer Make Your Reservation Now BOOK NOW CONTACT US Anderson Park Motel 9 Gair Avenue Cromwell, 9310 __ Tel: 03 445 0321 Reservations: 0800 220 550 HANDY LINKS Book Now Accommodation Image Gallery CONNECT WITH US © Anderson Park Motel 2018 - Cromwell, New Zealand [if lte IE 9]><script src="//cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/placeholders/3.0.2/placeholders.min.js"></script><![endif] 