ï»¿ #BeginTemplate "master.dwt" #BeginEditable "doctitle" Welcome to Tanrallt: Budget Holidays near Abersoch #EndEditable Begin Container Begin Masthead Tanrallt Budget Holidays near Abersoch on the LlÅ·n Peninsula  End Masthead 01758 713527            Bunkhouse | Self catering Cottages | Camping & Caravanning Begin Navigation Please like and share our Facebook page Home Terms & Conditions Location Contact Enquiry Form Links Surfing, Sailing & Shopping Regional Guide Walking Conservation & Local History Privacy Policy   End Navigation Begin Content #BeginEditable "content" Croeso - Welcome to Tanrallt Welcome to our home and the area that we live in - Penrhyn LlÅ·n - LlÅ·n Peninsula. This area, warmed by the gulf stream, is reknowned for its own micro climate, which is often different to the television weather forecasts. Relax with Phil & Meinir and our children on our traditionally run family farm in the picturesque village of Llangian, one and a half miles away from the well known water sport centre of Abersoch on the LlÅ·n Peninsula, North Wales. All the family speak Welsh as our first language. We're located only one and a half miles from Abersoch beach and one mile from Hell's Mouth, the finest surfing beach in the whole of Wales. Sorry, but as a working farm we cannot take any pets. WiFi is now available! Bwlchgroes, the bunkhouse, static caravans and campsite all now have wifi. Our range of holiday accommodation: Sgubor Unnos (The Bunkhouse) is the first of its kind to be opened on the Peninsula and for those looking for a high standard, quality budget accommodation for activity holidays at really affordable prices (or a few stress free days to recharge your batteries) then Tanrallt is definitely the place for you. B & B here means Boots, Bikes and Sailboats welcome - more information . Tanrallt Caravan Site is an AA three-pennant listed site, a small family site with an excellent range of facilities. 2 Static caravans are also available - more information . We also offer 2 Self Catering Cottages : Cerrig Llwydion sleeping up to 4 more information .   Bwlchgroes Isa sleeping up to 6 - more information . Bed & Breakfast accommodation is also available - please ask for more information. Quick Links: BBC Local Weather | BBC Tide Tables | Admiralty Weekly Tide Table | Met Office Infrared Satellite | Porth Neigwl Surf Cams | BBC Road Traffic Cams - A55 | BBC Web Cams - LlÅ·n   top of page #EndEditable "content" End Content Begin Footer OS Landranger Map 123; OS Explorer Map 12 Grid Reference SH296288 Â© Phil and Meinir Roberts T/A Messrs Roberts     Fferm Tanrallt Farm, Llangian, Abersoch, Gwynedd LL53 7LN Tel: 01758 713527 VAT No: 162 1238 94 website designed & hosted by www.cddweb.co.uk   End Footer End Container 