Agistri Club Hotel agistriClub greece agistriClub greece enjoy good company good food and great hospitality in a casual and friendly atmosphere Agistri Club Hotel Peacefully located among the pine trees 500 metres from the facilities of Skala village the hotel provides nine air-conditioned rooms each with double bed, refrigerator and private balcony directly overlooking the Aegean sea. Our restaurant Breakfast is served until noon and each evening our kitchen prepares a fresh selection of typical Greek dishes while our barman George offers local wines and pre-dinner cocktails Our island Just one hour from Athens yet bypassed by travel agencies and unspoilt by mass tourism our densely forested island boasts secluded beaches and crystal clear water  Accommodated with style in typical Greek fashion 01/17 A photograpic tour of our home 01/37 Explore by foot, bike, scooter, bus or even rented boat 01/16 Pages photocopied from last year's guest book. 01/55 Rates for a double room including continental breakfast May and October 79€ June and September 89€ July and August 99€ 2019 rates for a double room include continental buffet breakfast, all taxes,   air-conditioning, wi-fi and transfers between the port on Agistri and the hotel. Transport to Agistri From Athens airport, buses (80 minutes), taxis (40 minutes) or the metro (60 minutes) will get you to Gate 8 in the port of Piraeus from where fast hydrofoils sail via Aegina to Agistri in 55 minutes and slower car-ferries in 95 minutes.      Boat schedules can be found at www.openseas.gr. If required, the Club will arrange over-night hotel accommodation in Athens or Piraeus. Please contact the hotel for any advice and for free pickup from the port on Agistri. Contact Us    We restrict rooms and minimum stay for On-Line Agencies – Contact us direct not to be disappointed. Agistri Club Hotel Agistri Club, Agkistri, Αττικη, Greece +30 6932 607308 enquiries enquiries Name* Email* Send This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Cancel Copyright © 2019 agistriClub - All Rights Reserved. Powered by GoDaddy Website Builder Privacy Policy 