Whitianga Beachfront Luxury Accommodation | Admiralty Lodge Official Website noindex Home Accommodation Location Our Rates Food Activities Photo Gallery Guest Book Contact Us About Us Specials We have everything you require for an exceptional and enjoyable vacation. Enjoy the spectacular views across beautiful Mercury Bay and Buffalo Beach while you relax in the comfort of your spacious and well appointed accommodation. The Best Place To Relax....   index Google Code for Remarketing Tag ------------------------------------------------ Remarketing tags may not be associated with personally identifiable information or placed on pages related to sensitive categories. See more information and instructions on how to setup the tag on: http://google.com/ads/remarketingsetup ------------------------------------------------- See the wonderful sunrise as it comes up over the Bay each morning, then watch in the evening as the moonbeams shimmer off the sparkling waters illuminating the bay, beach and surrounding cliffs ... It is truly fantastic!     Come and discover Whitianga and the Coromandel Peninsula in style.     4+ Star Quality Assured Qualmark is New Zealand tourism's official mark of quality, which means Admiralty Lodge has been independently assessed as professional and trustworthy, so you can book and stay with confidence.  For best rates, book direct.    Features We offer you everything you need for an exceptional holiday ... Air conditioning / Heat pump Heated outdoor pool Flat screen LCD TV: 32" Inter-connecting units FREE wireless Internet in room SKY Select TV: 50 Channels Fully equipped kitchen Spa bath in most units Guest laundry Wheelchair accessible facilities Guest safe     Apartments are serviced daily and the swimming pool is heated year-round for your enjoyment.  Click here for Admiralty Lodge Whitianga Motel location .       Admiralty Lodge Whitianga Luxury Accommodation  has been voted by Venere.com's users as  Top 2013 . This award is exclusively determined by Venere users' feedback and only a number of properties across the world are receiving it right now.  Admiralty Lodge Motel Place this tag where you want the +1 button to render.   Place this tag after the last +1 button tag. Google noindex Our 2019 Package Specials BED & BREAKFAST Accommodation for Two in a Luxurious Top Floor Studio Unit with Breakfast offsite at our local cafe Espy in the morning + Late check out at noon From $223 per night ROMANTIC OUTING FOR TWO OF YOU A Romantic and Relaxing Outing for Two in a Beautifully appointed Studio Unit with a Spa Bath and Ocean view, Chocolate and Bubbles on arrival, Breakfast for two offsite at our local cafe Espy and late check out at noon From $253 per night FAMILY DEAL Accommodation for two adults and two children in one of our spacious One Bedroom Ground Floor Units with additional Single Beds in the Living Room for the kids. Free WiFi, Sky TV, Free movie rental, All year round heated swimming pool plus more! From $229 per night  SWIM SLEEP AND EAT Two of you can relax in the hot pools of The Lost Spring for 90 mins. Spend one night in a Luxurious Top Floor Studio Unit at Admiralty Lodge and enjoy a delicious hot or continental breakfast at Espy Cafe in the morning. Each room has free WiFi, 50+ Sky channels and beautiful sea views. From $313 per night THE LOST SPRING TWO NIGHT PACKAGE Two nights accommodation at Admiralty Lodge   in a delightful first floor Studio Unit with magnificent views over Mercury Bay and Buffalo Beach. Two all-day pool passes to The Lost Spring Thermal Pools & Day Spa, Breakfast for two at Espy Cafe one morning and late check out at NOON From $281 per night* THE LOST SPRING TWO NIGHT  DELUXE PACKAGE Two nights accommodation at Admiralty Lodge in a top floor Studio Unit with magnificent sea views. Two All-Day Pool Combo's at The Lost Spring Thermal Pools & Day Spa, which includes two all day pool passes, two Grazing Platters, Two Tropical Cocktails + Complimentary Robe & Towel Hire. Hot or Continental Breakfast for two offsite at Espy Cafe both mornings + Late check out at noon From $353 per night Subject to availability ** Prices may vary, please click on "Book Online" or contact the lodge for more information   TO MAKE A RESERVATION Phone: 07 866 0181 or email reservations@admiraltylodge.co.nz **Any damage to Admiralty Lodge property should be reported immediately. Any extra cleaning, repairs, or replacements required to restore our guest's rooms or property to it's normal condition, will be charged to the registered guest's credit card at replacement costs or market rates, plus a charge for any resultant lose of income if applicable**   Home Site Map Back to top © 2008 Admiralty Lodge Whitianga. All rights reserved. 