Home | Aden Motel Fixed navbar Aden Motel Toggle navigation Book Now +64 3-249 7748 Home Rooms Attractions Gallery Contact Us Aden Motel, Te Anau, NZ Terms and Conditions Activities Rooms Attractions Gallery Contact Us Aden Motel, Te Anau, NZ Terms and Conditions Activities Aden Motel Aden Motel, Te Anau, Fiordland, NZ Welcome to our Unique Motel with a Relaxing Retro, Boutique Feel. (3 star plus) FREE WIFI Arrival Arrival calendar Departure Departure calendar Guests Guests calendar Book Now Irene & Dave Herron would like to welcome you to Aden Motel, our 12 Apartment Motel which are all on the ground floor and have their own unique style which we hope make our guests feel more homely. Come and enjoy our lovely gardens and mountain views. Our Motel is set one street from the lake front, but a 2 Minute walk to the lake and a 10 Minute walk into town. We have beautiful gardens with roses in the summer time and Daffodils in the spring Our children's play area is a great treasure for families with a trampoline, swings and a very special playhouse. All our guest upon arrival get a warm greeting and cupcakes to have with their first cup of tea or coffee to re-fresh themselves from the drive We are able to book trips and give the best local knowledge. We are also Pet friendly upon request See and Do More stay longer. Great place to relax Rooms Indicators Wrapper for slides Deluxe Two-Bedroom Apartment This spacious two-bedroom apartment includes full kitchen facilities, a bathroom with a shower and a 42-inch flat-screen TV and DVD player in the lounge. The entire unit is located on the ground floor. Ideal for families and groups of up to six people. Beds available : - Bedroom 1 has one (1) queen-size bed, - Bedroom 2 has 2 beds (1) single and (1) Queen bed in same room  - the Living Room has one (1) single bed.  Te Anau is beautiful! Views from this room include a  garden view Apartment facilities available for ...Entertainment : Telephone, Radio, DVD Player, Satellite Channels, Flat-screen TV, Alarm clock. ...Comfort : Heating, Carpeted floors, Electric blankets, Shower, Hairdryer, Free toiletries, Toilet, Bathroom, Towels, Linens,Seating Area.  ... Cooking : Refrigerator, Microwave, Kitchen, Dining area, Electric kettle, Kitchenware, Oven, Stove-top, Toaster, Rice Cooker, Outdoor furniture, Outdoor dining area. Learn More Queen Studio Apartments This studio features a full kitchen with a microwave and refrigerator. It also offers a seating area with a flat-screen cable TV and a DVD player. The entire unit is located on the ground floor. Ideal for couples or individual guests .(Please note that this room has no capacity for extra guests.) Te Anau is beautiful! Views from this room include a garden view, and mountain view. Apartment facilities available for ...Entertainment : Telephone, Radio, DVD Player, Satellite Channels, Flat-screen TV, Alarm clock. ...Comfort : Heating, Carpeted floors, Electric blankets, Shower, Hairdryer, Free toiletries, Toilet, Bathroom, Towels, Linens, Desk, Seating Area.  ... Cooking : Refrigerator, Microwave, Kitchen, Dining area, Electric kettle, Kitchenware, Oven, Stove-top, Toaster, Rice Cooker, Outdoor furniture, Outdoor dining area. Learn More King Studio This studio features a kitchenette with a hot plate, microwave and a fridge. Includes a 32-inch flat-screen TV and a DVD player. The bathroom offers a shower. Please note that there is no capacity for additional guests. Room facilities: Patio, Garden view, Mountain view, Telephone, Radio, DVD Player, Satellite Channels, Flat-screen TV, Iron, Desk, Seating Area, Heating, Carpeted, Electric blankets, Shower, Hairdryer, Free toiletries, Toilet, Bathroom, Slippers, Refrigerator, Microwave, Kitchen, Dining area, Electric kettle, Kitchenware, Oven, Stovetop, Toaster, Children's high chair, Outdoor furniture, Outdoor dining area, Alarm clock, Towels, Linen, Entire unit located on ground floor Room size: 258 ftÂ² ?Beds: 1 extra-large double bed (71-82 inches wide), 1 sofa bed (). Learn More Deluxe One-Bedroom Apartment This lovely, One-bedroom apartment features a full kitchen with an electric range, microwave, and refrigerator. It also offers a seating area with a 32-inch flat-screen flat-screen cable TV and a DVD player.  Ideal for couples, families, and groups of up to five people. The entire unit is located on the ground floor. Beds available : - Bedroom has one (1) queen-size bed, and - the Living Room has one (1) single bed, along with one (1) sofa bed. Te Anau is beautiful! Views from this room include a garden view Apartment facilities available for ...Entertainment : Telephone, Radio, DVD Player, Satellite Channels, Flat-screen TV, Alarm clock. ...Comfort : Heating, Carpeted floors, Electric blankets, Shower, Hairdryer, Free toiletries, Toilet, Bathroom, Towels, Linens, Seating Area.  ... Cooking : Refrigerator, Microwave, Kitchen, Dining area, Electric kettle, Kitchenware, Oven, Stovetop, Toaster, Rice Cooker, Outdoor furniture, Outdoor dining area. Learn More Two-Bedroom Apartment This spacious two-bedroom apartment features a full kitchen with an electric range, microwave, and refrigerator. It also offers a seating area with a flat-screen cable TV and a DVD player.  Ideal for families and groups of up to five people. The entire unit is located on the ground floor. Beds available : - Bedroom 1 has one (1) queen-size bed, - Bedroom 2 has two (2) single beds,  - the Living Room has one (1) King single bed.  Te Anau is beautiful! Views from this room include a garden view, and mountain view. Apartment facilities available for ...Entertainment : Telephone, Radio, DVD Player, Satellite Channels, Flat-screen TV, Alarm clock. ...Comfort : Heating, Carpeted floors, Electric blankets, Shower, Hairdryer, Free toiletries, Toilet, Bathroom,Towels, Linens, Desk, Seating Area.  ... Cooking : Refrigerator, Microwave, Kitchen, Dining area, Electric kettle, Kitchenware, Oven, Stove-top, Toaster, Rice Cooker, Outdoor furniture, Outdoor dining area. Learn More Twin Queen Studio Apartment This charming studio apartment features a full kitchen with an electric range, microwave, and refrigerator. It also offers a seating area with a flat-screen cable TV and a DVD player.  Ideal for families and groups of up to three people. The entire unit is located on the ground floor. Beds available : - Studio apartment has one (1) queen-size bed and one (1) Single bed in same room. Te Anau is beautiful! Views from this room include an outdoor space  Apartment facilities available for ...Entertainment : Telephone, Radio, DVD Player, Satellite Channels, Flat-screen TV, Alarm clock. ...Comfort : Heating, Carpeted floors, Electric blankets, Shower, Hairdryer, Free toiletries, Toilet, Bathroom, Towels, Linens, Desk, Seating Area.  ... Cooking : Refrigerator, Microwave, Kitchen, Dining area, Electric kettle, Kitchenware, Oven, Stove-top, Toaster, Rice Cooker, Outdoor furniture, Outdoor dining area. Learn More Twin Single Studio Apartment This cute studio apartment features a along with a kitchenette, hot plate, microwave, bench oven, and a fridge. It also offers a flat-screen cable TV and a DVD player.  The entire unit is located on the ground floor. Ideal for couples and individual guests. Beds available : - the Studio apartment offers two (2) king single beds.that cannot be put together.  Te Anau is beautiful! Views from this room include a garden view Apartment facilities available for ...Entertainment : Telephone, Radio, DVD Player, Satellite Channels, Flat-screen TV, Alarm clock. ...Comfort : Heating, Carpeted floors, Electric blankets, Shower, Hairdryer, Free toiletries, Toilet, Bathroom, Towels, Linens, Desk, Seating Area.  ... Cooking : Refrigerator, Microwave, Rice Cooker & Bench Oven, Dining area, Electric kettle, Stove-top, Toaster, Outdoor furniture, Outdoor dining area. Learn More 1 Bedroom Apartments This lovely, one-bedroom apartment features a full kitchen with an electric range, microwave, and refrigerator. It also offers a seating area with a flat-screen cable TV and a DVD player.  Ideal for small families, couples, and groups of up to three people. The entire unit is located on the ground floor. Beds available : - Bedroom 1 has one (1) queen-size bed, - the Living Room has one (1) single bed.  Te Anau is beautiful! Views from this room include a garden view Apartment facilities available for ...Entertainment : Telephone, Radio, DVD Player, Satellite Channels, Flat-screen TV, Alarm clock. ...Comfort : Heating, Carpeted floors, Electric blankets, Shower, Hairdryer, Free toiletries, Toilet, Bathroom, Towels, Linens, Seating Area.  ... Cooking : Refrigerator, Microwave, Kitchen, Dining area, Electric kettle, Kitchenware, Oven, Stove-top, Toaster, Rice Cooker, Outdoor furniture, Outdoor dining area. Learn More Superior King Studio Apartment This lovely studio apartment features a full kitchen with an electric range, microwave, and refrigerator. It also offers a seating area with a flat-screen cable TV and a DVD player.  Ideal for couples. (Please note that this room has no capacity for extra guests.) The entire unit is located on the ground floor. Beds available : - Studio apartment offers one (1) super king   or   (2)  king single beds Te Anau is beautiful! Views from this room include a,garden view, and mountain view. Apartment facilities available for ...Entertainment : Telephone, Radio, DVD Player, Satellite Channels, Flat-screen TV, Alarm clock. ...Comfort : Heating, Carpeted floors, Electric blankets, Shower, Hairdryer, Free toiletries, Toilet, Bathroom, Towels, Linens, Desk, Seating Area.  ... Cooking : Refrigerator, Microwave, Kitchen, Dining area, Electric kettle, Kitchenware, Oven, Stove-top, Toaster, Rice Cooker, Outdoor furniture, Outdoor dining area. Learn More Controls 1 Previous Next See and Do More !!! Indicators Wrapper for slides Milford Sound Special great for Special Occasions May- October Special  $550.00 per couple includes Coach, Cruise, Lunch at Milford Sound 2 Nights in our Queen Studio Apartments  $50.00 Meal Voucher at local Restaurant  Bottle of Wine  Learn More $99.00 Milford Sound day trip $99.00 per person includes being picked up from the Motel by coach  Scenic Stops along the way  Boat Cruise on beautiful Milford Sound  Lunch on board the boat  Return Bush Trip back to you motel after a wonderful day  Most Cruises only are priced at $80-$85.00  This way you get lunch and really the bus is FREE at this price  Learn More Doubtful Sound Over Night " Best Experience" Stay and go and do this !!! Only from 1st November to 30th April each year Pick up from Aden Motel in the Morning by coach and spend the whole day away  Boat Cruise across Lake Manapouri  Bus Trip over the Wilmont Pass  Cruise Over night on Doubtful Sound sleep in either twin or quad share cabins  Fabulous Meals !!!  Kayaking   Wild Life to see like Seals, Penguins, Dolphins and even Whales at times but like most things they are not always there but its special to see them when you have a chance. Returning the next morning back the same way as you went back to Aden Motel   Trip Price Only  per Adult $625.00 Twin Share &  $395.00 Quad Share  Learn More Doubtful Sound Day Trip from Aden Motel " A must Do experience" Wilderness Cruise pick up from Aden Motel  Boat Cruise across Lake Manapouri for 1 hour each way  Bus Trip over Wilmont Pass approx 45 minutes  3 Hour Cruise on Doubtful Sound Returning the same way  Price per Adult $285.00 per person  Learn More Destination Milford Sound with Cruise Milford Have a day of not driving and enjoy the beautiful Milford Road along with the bus driver telling you about the history and pointing out part you would never know about if you drove yourself  This trip includes Coach, Boat Cruise, Lunch (Picnic) Afternoon tea at Gunn Camp and more  Price per Adult $169,00 per person  its simply the best  Rated high on Trip Advisor !!!  Pick up from your Motel door and returned  Learn More Controls 1 Previous Next Attractions in and around Te Anau Indicators Wrapper for slides Fiordland National Park Visitor Centre Te Anau visitors Centre is great for any one doing walking tracks to find information on the different tracks in the area like Kepler, Milford, Routeburn, Hollyford which are all well know but also some less know tracks like the Circular Track at Mananpouri, Caples, Greenstone, Lake Marion, Key Summit most of which are great day walks. Visitors Centre you can book to stay in the huts please find any other information you need.  The visitors centre also have a great range of books, DVD's, gifts etc  Te Anau visitors cente also has displays on history  Learn More Ivon Wilson Scenic Reserve Ivan Wilson Park is a beautiful place all year round  Has a mountain bike track and running track  In 2015 it got its first Disc Golf Course which is great for families to have a go at 15 minutes walk from the Motel  So many wedding photos have been taken in these grounds    Learn More Ruby Beach Ruby Beach part of beautiful Lake Manapouri  Great beach for boating and swimming  20mins drive from Te Anau to Rainbow Reach then a 3 hour return walk including Shallow Bay Hut  Ruby Beach is a beach in  Southland ,  New Zealand , situated between  Buncrana Island  and  View Hill . Landmarks in the area include  Shallow Bay . Learn More Te Anau Bird Sanctuary Te Anau has a lovely Bird Sanctuary  Feeding times in Summer is 9.30am and Winter is 10.30am  They undertake breeding of special rear birds like the Tahake  Walk around area but is about a 20min walk from the Motel along the lakefront  Donations are always accepted to help with the keep of the Sanctuary  Learn More The Kepler Mire (String Bog) The  Kepler Mire , or Dismal Swamp east of  Lake Manapouri , is the largest wetland in the  Te Anau  basin complex in New Zealand, covering more than 900 ha (altitude 220â€“230 m). Like the neighbouring mountain range, it is named in honour of astronomer  Johannes Kepler . [1] Its dome is about three metres higher at the centre than at the margins. The peat development reaches depths of up to 4.7 m. The total volume of peat in this mire is estimated at 20.5 million cubic metres. The Kepler Mire is internationally biologically significant because it is the most extensive pool system of the  string bog  form found in New Zealand. The best public viewing is from the Mount York Road, some 2 km from the Highway 95 intersection. This bog was used as part of the Lord of the Ring Movie Locations  Learn More Lake Henry Viewing Deck part of Ivan Wilson Park This is a lovely lake set in a beautiful park setting  Alot of weddings are held on the viewing deck at the lake This is approx 15min walk from the Motel    Learn More The Hidden Lakes with Cruise Te Anau A great trip to do with Peter on Cruise Te Anau  3 Hour boat cruise up the south arm of lake Te Anau  30min stop and a small easy going bush walk to the hidden lakes  Priced at $90.00 per adult  Learn More Kepler Track, Control gates Often the start of the Kepler Track about 1 hour walk from Te Anau  Kepler track is a 3 day walk with 3 Huts on the track to sleep in  Track length 86km Day walks possible like to Luxmore hut 8-9 hours return  Control gates to Broad Bay  3 Hours return  Learn More Te Anau Golf Club Views from the Te Anau Golf course take in Lake Te Anau and the surrounding mountains. Golfing on a sunny day gives you the feeling of being in paradise. Visitors welcome. Hire of equipment.  18-hole par 72 course. Ph: +64 3 249 7474  Fax: +64 3 2497473   Email:  teanaugolf@xtra.co.nz Learn More Rainbow Reach, Kepler Track Rainbow Reach is part of our Kepler Track it will be either the star or the end of the track  From Rainbow Reach you can do day walks also to both Moturau & Shallow Bay Huts which are both 3 hour return walks. You can from here also walk along the Waiau river back to Te Anau taking also about 3 hours to walk.  A great place to if your not into climbing mountain these track are all mostly very flat walking and great for families.  Pack a picnic and take it with you. Suitable clothing for walking is still required.  Learn More Glow Worm Caves Tour Real Journeys Ltd have a tour to the Glow Worm Caves several times per day  3.5 Hour tour including a boat trip up the lake to the caves a fantastic tour inside the caves which are 100% natural with glow worms, water falls, often eels, and a small boat trip inside to see the Glow worms much better in the darkness.  Not ideal for people with disabilities  Price are Adult $79.00 Children up to the age of 18 years are FREE during the NZ school holidays or else $22.00 each. Learn More Wings and Water Float Plane & Luxmore Jet Wings and Water is a float plane company in Te Anau  Great flights you can land on any waterway in Fiordland including Milford & Doubtful Sounds and some mystery places as well  Wings & Water can combine with Luxmore Jet so you are able to Fly and Jet Boat all in the same trip.  Luxmore Jet is a fantastic trip on our Upper Waiau River worth every bit of it. Wings & Water : www.wingsandwater.co.nz Luxmore Jet: www.luxmorejet.co.nz  Learn More Perenuka Mountain Bike Park Perenuka Mountain Bike Park was opened in Spring of 2014, Open 24 /7 days  It is on private land with free access for all levels  5km track  Owned by Les & Margaret Simpson   10 min drive from Te Anau   or about 20 Min cycle from Te Anau township  Facebook: www.facebook.com/perenukamtbpark  Bike Hire is available from Te Anau  Learn More Fiordland Cinema & Black Dog Bar Fiordland Cinema show you an unforgettable journey through the most awe inspiring landscapes of Fiordland on the big screen called ATA WHENUA. 35 Minutes in length and place almost every hour  $10 per Adult.  Evenings the Cinema show the latest in Movie releases. School Holidays they have an afternoon Movie for the children. Fiordland Cinema is also attached to the Black Dog Cafe and Bar so you are able to have a wine or coffee sit and relax and enjoy a great movie. Learn More Southern Lakes Helicopters Southern Lakes Helicopters have a based in the heart of the town on the lake front. Scenic trips are their what they do best  Milford Sound & Doubtful  Sound are the two main flight or do both sounds in the one trip  They do a scenic flight over Te Anau area for 30minutes or perhaps a flight up to Luxmore hut on the Kepler Track and then walk back to Te Anau  www.southernlakeshelicopters.co.nz    Learn More The Jetty The Jetty  Most photographed place in Te Anau  with so many looks. 15 minute walk from Motel  The Jetty is part of Te Anau Yacht club facilities  Wedding Photos get taken on this jetty  Learn More Westray Horse Treks & Quad Bikes Westray Horse Treks and Quad Bikes are so much fun  Horse Trekking up on top of the hills with fantastic views approx 2 Hour Trek  Ok for beginners or someone who has never been on a horse before to experienced riders  Quad Biking is also done on the same property which is so much fun to do, great family fun day out perhaps doing both activities.  Pick up from Motel can be arranged  www.fiordlandhorsetreks.com for all enquires  Learn More Pack Rafting & Paddle Boarding Pack rafting is new to Te Anau this summer 2016 Fantastic rafting down the Upper Waiau River from 1/2 day to full day trip  Also a combo of Waiau River & Eglinton  river is a full day tour  Paddle boarding is going to be new either to hire or go with an experience trained person on Lake Te Anau.  www.packraftingnz.com  Learn More Manapouri Lake Cruises Manapouri is 20 Minutes drive from Te Anau  It also has the most amazing lake and is beautiful for either a lovely sunset cruise or a half day Surprise Charter  Enjoy the sun setting while music is being played its amazing  1/2 Day Charter you are able to do fishing or anything you would wish to do for the half day. Boat takes up to 9 passengers  www.manapourilakecruises.co.nz  Learn More Fish Jet - Te Anau Combine the both Fishing and Jet Boating together for a great day out. Great family fun or perhaps just 2 people  Fish Jet offer half and full day charter  Morning and afternoon Tea is provided and BBQ lunch on the full day charter   Come and catch your self a fish all licences are taken care of by Fish Jet for you. www.fishjet.co.nz  Learn More Bush Bash !!!! Bush Bash is great fun going where no one has been before  1 Day to 3 Day expeditions  Must have good fitness and experience in tramping  This trekking is done all over Fiordland and not on normal walking tracks  Bush Bash are able to supply you the equipment required  They can also tailor make trips on request.  www.bushbash.co.nz Will pick up from Motel  Learn More Shallow Bay Hut & Walk Shallow Bay hut is on the shore of Lake Manapouri (3 Hour return Walk)  If you are walking into it then you need to take the Kepler Track walk from Rainbow Reach Car Park and part of the way the track will divide to either Shallow Bay or Moturau Hut so take the track to Shallow Back once you come out onto the beach you need to walk down the beach to the left until you find the hut in the tree line. Shallow Bay Hut will sleep up to 6 people has a toilet and lovely open fire great for a nights sleep over in a hut. This hut has fantastic boat access to it and is often used for boating people due to being sheltered.   Learn More Fiordland Vintage Machinery Museum Fiordland Vintage Machinery Museum  A collection of vintage machinery including farm machinery on Sandy Brown Road. You can also walk around the old school house. Open most days during Summer season or  call to arrange an opening of the Fiordland Vintage Machinery Museum on 03 249 7054.  Learn More Fiordland Military Museum A private collection of military vehicles and memorabillia. There are two big halls full of vehicles, and you could spend the whole day here.  Duncan:  027 481 3070 Tina:  027 241 7486 Email:  info@fiordlandmilitarymuseum.co.nz Address:  Bottom of the Gorge Hill, Te Anau-Mossburn Highway (Highway 94), 9672 Southland, New Zealand Learn More Fiordland Aero Club - Ever wanted to have a go !! You can You can purchase a Voucher to go flying with an Instructor  30mins, 15mins or 1 hour fly in a dual flight plane.      $80 for 30 mins  Yes you get to fly the plane !!!! Exciting  Bookings can be made at Reception at Aden Motel or  email:    fiordland_aero_club@yahoo.co.nz                   PO Box 88 Manapouri 9643 Learn More Controls 1 Previous Next Aden Motel See and Do !! See and Do Te Anau Stay longer enjoy and relax in a quiet place Arrival Arrival calendar Departure Departure calendar Guests Guests calendar Book Now Awards Aden Motel 57-59 Quintin Drive, Te Anau, Fiordland, 9600, New Zealand T +64 3-249 7748 F +64 3-2497434 E info@adenmotel.co.nz Learn More !!! <script type="text/javascript"> $('.carousel').carousel({ interval: 3000 }) </script> Aden Motel 57-59 Quintin Drive, Te Anau, Fiordland, 9600, New Zealand Social Media Facebook Pintrest Te Anau, Fiordland NZ Trip Advisor Twitter You Tube All rights reserved Powered by Canvas 