Alaska Guardhouse Lodging | Not just another place to stay... header Alaska Guardhouse Lodging Not just another place to stay... End Header Navigation Home Rooms Testimonials Gallery Policies Contact/Locate Us /.block /.region Centrally Located We are centrally located only 4 blocks from downtown Haines Alaska and one block from the waterfront. Just turn  your head and see the breathtaking views of Lynn Canal and Bald Eagles soaring overhead. /.block /.region Historic Charm The Alaska Guardhouse is a Haines Alaska Lodging House situated in a historical house bordering on the parade grounds in Fort William H. Seward in Haines Alaska. The rooms and living area are totally renovated with modern conveniences, but keeps the flavor of the original architecture. /.block /.region Make a Reservation /.block Get in touch to reserve your spot in this special place.   /.block /.region Haines Alaska Lodging The Guardhouse House is located in Fort William H. Seward, a registered historical landmark in Haines Alaska . The fort was built at the turn of the century and is the first US military installation built in the State of Alaska. It was strategically located during the gold rush during a time of turmoil over the location of the border between Alaska and Canada. When the fort was in operation the Guardhouse served as the jail with 4 cells and offices for the military police. There are informational signs throughout the fort for all of the buildings. Please enjoy a stroll around the parade Grounds. Find out more about the history . In "The Guardhouse House" gibt es eine Menge Komfort, einschließlich kostenlosem WiFi, mit dem Sie Ihre Lieblingsspiele spielen können, aber nicht auf Zuverlässigkeit und Sicherheit vergessen. Casino in Österreich mit Paypal bietet Ihnen ein ehrliches und zuverlässiges Casino mit der beliebtesten Zahlungsmethode Paypal. Spiele und mach dir keine Sorgen - du bist 2019 auf dem besten Spieleportal. Check out the comments from our guest book , on Tripadvisor , and on Facebook and make a reservation. Please share our home with us. We are a non-smoking facility. We allow pets outside. Free high speed WiFi access throughout the house. /.block /.region Elegant Comfort /.block /.region Feels Like Home /.block /.region Beautiful Haines Alaska /.block /.region Footer © 2019 Alaska Guardhouse Lodging. All Rights Reserved. 1-866-290-7445 (toll free) Social Links End Social Links Site by Bear Star Web Design 