Austwick Hall Luxury Country House B&B Accommodation in the Yorkshire Dales Header Austwick Hall Austwick Nr Settle North Yorkshire LA2 8BS Tel: 015242 51794 E-Mail: info@austwickhall.co.uk AJXFILE:../css/ajxmenu.css Home Guest Rooms Room Prices Virtual Tours Breakfast Menu Gardens Local Area Location & Contact Main Body InstanceBeginEditable name="lhs_images" InstanceEndEditable InstanceBeginEditable name="main_image" Start WOWSlider.com BODY section 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 End WOWSlider.com BODY section InstanceEndEditable InstanceBeginEditable name="main_text" Welcome to Austwick Hall Luxury Country House B&B... "Award winning accommodation in the Yorkshire Dales. If you're looking for a romantic getaway destination then Austwick Hall offers style, service and serious comfort". Austwick Hall, a unique country retreat with more than a touch of luxury. A place to relax and unwind, indulge and recharge. Be assured that as a guest of ours you will experience the best hospitality with all the luxury and comfort you'd expect from a privately owned historic house. Exquisitely furnished with fine antiques, historical and original contemporary paintings and an ever expanding collection of ethnic art Austwick Hall is a feast for the eye. Austwick is a charming, unspoilt Dales village in the three peaks area of the Southern Dales. A wooded oasis at the entrance to Crummackdale surrounded by some breathtaking scenery. Truely a hidden gem! Austwick Hall is ideally placed for walking the many Wainwright walks in Limestone Country to Feizor, Wharfe or the Norber Erratics or the more challenging three peaks of Ingleborough, Pen-y-ghent and Whernside. For a more leisurely day out take the Settle to Carlisle railway, voted the second most scenic railway journey in the world or visit the pretty market towns of Kirkby Lonsdale or Hawes to name but a few. Alternatively just relax in the drawing room, reception hall or panelled sitting room with their roaring log fires or enjoy a drink on the terrace overlooking the lawn and long herbaceous borders. Feel free to explore the thirteen acres of garden and woodland sculpture trail. Prices start from only £125 per room per night and include a delicious Yorkshire breakfast. Please view our  Prices for further details. Why not Check Our Availability or e-mail us. Please take a look at our Virtual Tours and see more of our stunning country house accommodation. InstanceEndEditable End Main Body Footer © Austwick Hall All Rights Reserved YORKSHIRE DALES LUXURY COUNTRY HOUSE B&B ACCOMMODATION Website by Mawbray End Footer 