loveholidays | Discover and book your perfect holiday Sign up to our email to hear about our exclusive offers and amazing deals! See our Privacy Policy. Sign up loveholidays Pay Monthly ABTA Member ATOL Protected Holidays Destinations Hotels All Inclusive FAQ Manage My Booking Holidays View all Holidays Cheap Holidays Last Minute Holidays City Break Holidays Beach Holidays Family Holidays Half Board Holidays Self Catering Holidays Adults Only Holidays Christmas Holidays Half Term Holidays Couples Holidays Low Deposit Holidays Full Board Holidays Winter Sun Holidays October Holidays January Holidays February Holidays May Holidays Summer holidays September Holidays August Holidays All Inclusive Holidays Easter Holidays Popular Destinations Balearic Islands Canary Islands Greek Islands Spain Turkey All Balearic Islands Holidays Ibiza Majorca Menorca Cala Llonga Playa d'en Bossa San Antonio Santa Eulalia Cala Bona Magaluf Palma Sa Coma Arenal d'en Castell Cala Galdana Cala'n Bosch Santo Tomas All Canary Islands Holidays Fuerteventura Gran Canaria Lanzarote Tenerife Caleta de Fuste Corralejo Jandia La Oliva Bahia Feliz Maspalomas Playa del Ingles Taurito Costa Teguise Matagorda Playa Blanca Puerto Del Carmen El Medano Los Cristianos Los Gigantes Playa de las Americas All Greek Islands Holidays Corfu Crete Kefalonia Rhodes Corfu Town Ipsos Kavos Sidari Bali Elounda Malia Rethymnon Katelios Lassi Lourdas Skala Ialyssos Lindos Pefkos Rhodes Town All Spain Holidays Andalucia Costa Blanca Costa Brava Costa Del Sol Almeria Granada Seville Altea Benidorm Calpe Javea Calella Playa de Aro Santa Susanna Tossa de Mar Benalmadena Fuengirola Marbella Nerja All Turkey Holidays Aegean Coast Antalya Dalaman Altinkum Bodrum Didim Gumbet Alanya Belek Kalkan Lara Beach Calis Beach Hisaronu Icmeler Marmaris City Breaks Rome Amsterdam Barcelona Venice Budapest Krakow Dubrovnik Lisbon Reykjavik All City Breaks Long Haul Caribbean Mexico Dominican Republic Dubai USA Cuba Thailand Barbados Abu Dhabi Jamaica Goa Other Europe Bulgaria Cyprus Greece Portugal Croatia Italy Malta Top Hotel Destinations Top Hotel Destinations Balearic Islands Canary Islands Greek Islands Spain Turkey Top Balearic Islands Hotels Ibiza Majorca Menorca Alua Hotel Miami Ibiza Hard Rock Hotel Ibiza Invisa Es Pla Hotel Sol House Ibiza BH Mallorca Hotel (Adults only) Bellevue Club Club Cala Romani Hotel Sol Katmandu Park & Resort Cala Galdana Hotel & Villas d'Aljandar Club Hotel Aguamarina Melia Cala Galdana Zafiro Menorca Top Canary Islands Hotels Fuerteventura Gran Canaria Lanzarote Tenerife Barcelo Castillo Beach Resort Occidental Jandia Mar Pierre & Vacances OrigoMare Suite Hotel Atlantis Resort Lopesan Baobab Resort Mirador Maspalomas by Dunas Mogan Princess & Beach Club Radisson Blu Resort & Spa Blue Sea Costa Bastian Gran Castillo Tagoro Family & Fun H10 Rubicon Palace Hotel Hesperia Lanzarote Hotel Blue Sea Puerto Resort Columbus Aparthotel Hotel Interpalace by Blue Sea Sunlight Bahia Principe Top Greek Island Hotels Corfu Crete Rhodes CNic Paleo Art Nouveau Labranda Sandy Beach Resort Marbella Corfu Hotel Mareblue Beach Resort Daios Cove Luxury Resort and Villas Domes of Elounda Mitsis Laguna Resort Radisson Blu Beach Resort Crete Dionysos Hotel Labranda Blue Bay Resort Mitsis Grand Hotel Mitsis Rodos Maris Top Spain Hotels Costa Blanca Hotels Costa Brava Costa del Sol Dynastic Hotel Flamingo Beach Resort Adult-Only Gran Hotel Bali Sol Pelicanos Ocas Europa Splash H.TOP Olympic Hotel Mercury Hotel Rosamar Garden Resort Estival Torrequebrada Holiday World Resort Marconfort Griego Hotel Sol Principe Top Turkey Hotels Aegean Coast Antalya Dalaman Aquasis Resort & Spa Asteria Bodrum Kusadasi Golf And Spa Resort Vogue Hotel Bodrum Limak Lara Deluxe Hotel & Resort Limak Limra Hotel & Resort Magic Life Masmavi Side La Grande Resort & Spa Green Nature Resort & Spa Jiva Beach Resort Kervansaray Marmaris Hotel Sahra Su Holiday Village All Inclusive Holidays View all All Inclusive Holidays All Inclusive Benidorm All Inclusive Cancun All Inclusive Caribbean All Inclusive Cuba All Inclusive Cyprus All Inclusive Dubai All Inclusive Egypt All Inclusive Greece All Inclusive Ibiza All Inclusive Jamaica All Inclusive Lanzarote All Inclusive Majorca All Inclusive Malta All Inclusive Mexico All Inclusive Portugal All Inclusive Spain All Inclusive Tenerife All Inclusive Turkey Flight + Hotel Hotels Reset results Destination(s) or Hotel name Add multiple destinations or leave blank Depart from When Any date How long Room(s) 2 Adults + Add another room Search Show advanced search filters Most popular destinations Canary Islands Tenerife Greek Islands Balearic Islands Algarve Discover somewhere new This week our customers are booking... Bellevue Club in Alcudia, Majorca db Seabank Resort + Spa in Mellieha, Malta Benalmadena Palace in Benalmadena, Costa del Sol Sol Katmandu Park & Resort in Magaluf, Majorca Eden Resort in Costa de Antigua, Fuerteventura Pay Monthly You have the option to spread the cost of your holiday Low Deposit Book today with our £25.00 pp low deposit options ATOL protected Book confidently knowing your holiday is ATOL protected Price Match Guarantee We track millions of prices every day to always give you the lowest price All inclusive holidays Last minute holidays Slice 1 Created with Sketch. Family holidays Sale holidays Discover your perfect holiday with loveholidays We love finding low cost holidays that inspire you. Holidays that reflect what matters to you, from budget and board basis to star ratings and holiday style. Whatever your requirements or budget, loveholidays offers the best value holidays with our bespoke way of searching by what matters to you. Launched in 2012, loveholidays is one of the fastest growing travel agencies in the UK. We offer a fantastic range of cheap holidays to short and long haul destinations, from all inclusive getaways to the Canaries to exotic beach breaks in Cuba. Whether you’re travelling as a couple, family or with friends, with 1000s of holidays on offer it’s easy to find a holiday you’ll love. Cheap Holidays We’ve handpicked our top destinations to make searching for your perfect holiday that little bit easier. Cheap Holidays from £99 pp Cheap Holidays Beach Holidays Summer Holidays Low Deposit Holidays Enjoy sun, sea and sand all year round with one of our hand-picked beach escapes! Choose from sun-drenched beaches from around the world. Beach Holidays from £77 pp Low Deposit Holidays Half Term Holidays City Breaks Couples Holidays Relax and forget about splitting the bill. With our fab couples holidays you and your partner can simply put your feet up and enjoy each other’s company. Couples Holidays from £154 pp Couples Holidays Solo Holidays Kids Stay Free Holidays Greece Holidays Check out some of our sunniest Greece holiday deals! Greece Holidays Greece Holidays Algarve Holidays Tenerife Holidays A holiday type for you At loveholidays our mission is to find the perfect holiday experience for all types of holidaymakers. Whether you’re looking for an adults only holiday or the best honeymoon destinations , we can help you out. We also have a range of great all inclusive holidays , flexible self catering escapes and half board stays . Not forgetting our fab selection of last minute holidays  covering a range of destinations, and our remarkable cheap holidays that don’t compromise on either the quality or price.  Summer escapes Summer’s the time to make the most of the heat and top up those Vitamin D levels (and tan of course!) with a holiday on the beach .  At loveholidays, you can enjoy popular destinations like Spain , Portugal  and Greece . Or even visit our recommended summer getaways of Croatia , Cyprus and Turkey. The beaches and activities you will find here are sure to keep the kids entertained on any family holiday ! Why not check out our fab selection of hotels in Tenerife or hotels in Majorca , if it's the island life you are after? Winter sun If you think the winter season is a great time to get away to enjoy some sun, we’re with you on that! Trade in the darker months for endless sun and brilliant beaches in far-flung destinations like Mexico ,  Cuba , the Dominican Republic  and  Cape Verde , or stay closer to home opting for  Costa del Sol or the Canary Islands . Away from the busier summer holidays, our  winter sun holidays  are a fantastic more affordable option, especially for a couple’s holiday  (how about a luxury escape to  Dubai  for two?).      Ref no. search Our reference codes On the 'Holiday Summary' page, you are presented with a reference code at the top of the 'Your Trip' breakdown box. This isn't the code you receive post-purchase, and you may end up having multiple reference codes from multiple searches. The codes differ in length and are alphanumeric, consisting of numbers and letters. These are not promotional codes. 4.5 /5 Feefo rating 4.5 out of 5. independent service rating Read all reviews Good website to book holidays Website was easy to search and find a holiday, liked that you could search for ‘anywhere’. Has loads of deals and savings which is a plus. Would recommend Hannah Stokes Information Airports About us... FAQs Contact us Payment options Price Match loveholidays.ie Terms and conditions Use of Cookies Privacy policy Package Rights Feedback Manage My Booking Facebook Twitter Jobs Pinterest Blog Sitemap Holidays from: Aberdeen airport Belfast airport Bournemouth airport Birmingham airport Bristol airport Cardiff Wales airport Durham Tees Valley East Midlands airport Edinburgh airport Exeter airport Glasgow airport Glasgow Prestwick airport Leeds Bradford airport Liverpool John Lennon London Gatwick airport London Heathrow airport London Luton airport London Southend airport London Stansted airport London St Pancras station Manchester airport Newcastle airport Norwich airport Robin Hood airport loveholidays acts as an agent in respect of all bookings made on our website or by telephone. For all bookings, your contract will be with the applicable Service Provider of your chosen Travel Service (who may be the principal or the agent of the principal) and loveholidays acts only as an agent on their behalf, except where we state to the contrary in the terms and conditions . When you book certain flights or a package holiday with  loveholidays , you can trust you are fully protected under the ATOL scheme. You will receive an ATOL Certificate confirming what is ATOL protected, where you can get information on what this means for you and who to contact if things go wrong. Please see our  terms and conditions  for more information, or for more information about financial protection and the ATOL scheme go to:  www.caa.co.uk/atol-protection/ . We want you to be safe whilst on holiday. For the latest foreign travel advice visit  www.gov.uk/foreign-travel-advice .  loveholidays.com is a trading name of We Love Holidays Ltd and is registered in England and Wales with registered number 7839224 and VAT No. GB - 299147747 © 2019 loveholidays.com 