Welcome to Amber Court Motel Te Anau Accommodation Amber Court Motel Te Anau 0800 188 779 or +64 3-249 7230 68 Quintin Drive, Te Anau, Fiordland, New Zealand Check Availability / Book Online Amber Court Menu Home Accommodation Book Online Facilities Reviews Location Te Anau Manapouri Te Anau Milford Highway Milford Sound Doubtful Sound Directions Activities Doubtful Sound Milford Sound Manapouri Te Anau About FAQ Terms Contact Welcome to Fiordland Kepler Track, Fiordland. Supplied by Destination Fiordland Stay In Comfort In Te Anau Experience The Majestic Fiordland Mountains Photo Supplied By Fiordland Helicopters "Fiordland On Film" At Fiordland Cinema Is A Must See Photo Supplied By Fiordland Cinema, 7 The Lane, Te Anau Take The Flight Of A Lifetime Photo Supplied By Fiordland Helicopters www.fiordlandhelicopters.co.nz Lake Te Anau, New Zealand Lake Te Anau, New Zealand (by Barni1) < > Welcome to Amber Court Motel Te Anau Accommodation 0800 188 779 or 03 249 7230 68 Quintin Drive Te Anau Check Availability / Book Online Come and stay with us for a few days and we will provide you with the perfect base while you explore magnificent Fiordland. We look forward to seeing you soon, Your hosts Aaron & Aimee.  Quality Te Anau Accommodation Quality accommodation, just 2 minutes walk from Lake Te Anau and a pleasant 10-15 minute walk from the centre of town, shops and restaurants. Modern, clean, self-contained studio, one, two and three bedroom apartments/units. All apartments have kitchen facilities making it easy for you to prepare your own snacks or meals. Ground-floor with free off-street parking close to each apartment apartment. Off-street boat parking is also available. (The three bedroom apartment is slightly elevated allowing mountain views and hence has a short flight of steps). View Our Motel Rooms Convenient Location: In a quiet location on Quintin Drive, sheltered from lake breezes and away from lakefront traffic. The motel backs onto the Te Anau Domain, a peaceful park setting. Te Anau is the closest town to Milford Sound , Doubtful Sound , the Te Anau Glowworm Caves and the numerous world renowned walking tracks and other local sights in Fiordland and is the departure point for many popular trips. Te Anau, Fiordland Location Excellent Facilities: Including Free Wi-Fi, guest barbeques and out-door furniture Guest Laundry with free detergent and out-door clothes line available. Free, secure luggage and vehicle storage is available for guests going on overnight cruises or multi-day hikes like the famous Milford, Routeburn and Kepler tracks. Motel Facilities and Services Good Reputation: Independently assessed by Qualmark as a 4 Star Motel. Independent guest reviews reflect our commitment to providing quality accommodation and friendly helpful service. Read Guest Reviews Genuine Hosts: We are more than happy to help you plan your stay in Fiordland and can book trips and activities on your behalf at no extra cost. We have provided detailed information on the Location and Activities pages of this website, including Milford Sound , Doubtful Sound , Te Anau Glowworm Caves and many more and we can book these on your behalf at no extra cost. We can provide further information, maps and brochures on your arrival. About Us “Starting point for Milford Sound” Reviewed 6 April 2017 2017/04/06 We stayed in the comfortable house next to the motel; very comfortable for the four of us. Nice and clean, good beds, roomy and modern baths and a very well equiped kitchen. Thank you Jill for the excellant advice on how to make the best of our visit to Milford Sound and the beautiful surrounding area. Easy to get to town and to the lake front. “What more do you want?” Reviewed 3 March 2017 2017/03/03 The rooms are very spacious and beds comfortable. The kitchen is well equipped and nothing is missing. The bathroom is quite spacious and towels are thick and soft. We were welcome by a very nice young lady who gave us lots of informations about the area that we followed and that were amazing: like viewing at the cinema a 30 min film about fiordland. There was a BBQ and we enjoyed cooking out lamb chops in the evening sunshine. The wifi is good in the rooms. It was also very nice to be able to park our car in front of our unit. “Nice place to stay in Te Anau” Reviewed 2 March 2017 2017/03/02 This motel is very close to the lake. Given the size of Te Anau, all relevant places (restaurants etc.) are in walking distance. The rooms were clean, beds were fine, the kitchen was nicely equipped. Size of the rooms is good. “Very Accommodating and Friendly” Reviewed 25 February 2017 2017/02/25 Good location for Milford Sound overnight, The room was large and clean and the hosts were friendly and helpful. They let us park our car and store our luggage overnight as we went overnight on Milford Sound. “Comfortable and very welcoming” Reviewed 13 February 2017 2017/02/13 We stayed two nights at the Amber Court. First impressions count and our welcome at checking in was friendly and very helpful. We got detailed advice and maps for what we wanted to do which got us off to a flying start. Our one-bedroom apartment was very comfortable and spacious, well equipped kitchen, very good free wifi and modern shower room. The bed was comfortable and we slept well. The location is quiet, away from the main roads but a short walk to restaurants and shops. Could not have asked for a nicer stay. “Great value, great staff” Reviewed 29 January 2017 2017/01/29 Stayed for 2 nights during a very busy time for the town. All the staff were friendly and helpful - cleanliness was excellent (higher than some I have stayed in - nothing to fault at all) - price was very reasonable for a tourist area and facilities provided were everything we expected. The weather was very windy, yet the room was not noisy at all! Not only will we be back, but we will also be recommending it to others “Large modern unit. Handy to everything” Reviewed 19 October 2016 2016/10/19 Australian travelers. 1 bedroom unit. Kitchen and heaps of space. Everything you need is here. Lots of thught has gone into what's on offer. Lovely owners gave us a great itinerary for the drive back from our Milford Sound cruise! Did the glow-worm caves boat trip too. Read Guest Reviews Amber Court Motel Te Anau Your Hosts: Aaron & Aimee 68 Quintin Drive, Te Anau, Fiordland, New Zealand (map) NZ Freephone: 0800 188 779 International: +64 3 249 7230 Email: stay@ambercourtteanau.co.nz © 2019 - Sitemap - Admin Login - Website by GuestTraction css js script - flexnav script - scroll-to-fixed nav script - cycle descblock images 