Alaska Sundance Retreat Bed and Breakfast | Anchorage Alaska Alaska Sundance Retreat Bed & Breakfast 907-522-5596 Check Availability Call Us 907-522-5596 Menu Home About Us Accommodations Forget-Me-Not Room Serenity Now Room Apartment Chugach Room Things to Do Chugach State Park Alaska Wildlife Conservation Center Flattop Mountain Trail The Alaska Railroad Tony Knowles Coastal Trail Restaurants Contact Us Image may be subject to copyright Image may be subject to copyright ALASKA SUNDANCE RETREAT BED AND BREAKFAST Relax, Restore, and Rejuvenate Alaska Sundance Retreat B&B is located in the scenic Mid-Hillside area of South Anchorage, Alaska. We are a 15-minute drive from the airport, and 20 minutes from downtown. Our modernized property is surrounded by exquisite breathtaking scenery where our guests relax and adore wildlife, mountains, and views of the Cook Inlet. Experience the raw landscape of Alaska and admire the resident wildlife including Moose, Lynx, Fox and Bald Eagles and our comforting amenities. Amenities include an outdoor hot tub, gorgeous perennial and vegetable gardens, outdoor fire-pit, luxurious rooms, and wireless internet. We want you to feel pampered and refreshed during your stay. There are excellent nearby restaurants where you can savor world-class seafood, game, and legendary Alaskan hospitality! If hiking is your pleasure, we're just a short (3 mile) drive to the Chugach State Park with access to Flattop mountain, Powerline Pass and many other trails, a hiker's dream. If golf is your sport, we are minutes away from O'Malley's on the Green. We look forward to your stay with us. CHECK AVAILABILITY Image may be subject to copyright Image may be subject to copyright Image may be subject to copyright ENJOY STAYING IN  An Upscale Bed & Breakfast Come and Join us in the heart of the South Anchorage, Alaska. Whether you're looking for a romantic honeymoon, family trip or an adventure, Sundance Retreat offers something for everyone. Surrounded by breathtaking scenery and the raw landscape of Alaska, our Modernized Bed and Breakfast is a place to relax and adore wildlife, mountains, and the views of the Cook Inlet . Here at Alaska Sundance Retreat, we value quality and comfort, so come and enjoy an experience you wont find anywhere else! LEARN MORE A UNIQUE AND AFFORDABLE Luxurious Hotel Alternative Come and stay in luxurious, unique rooms, each fitted with comforting amenities for your stay. Enjoy resting in our outdoor hot tub, walking through our gorgeous perennial and vegetable gardens, or our high speed wireless internet. Not only that, but we are conveniently located near the airport and 20 min from downtown and nearby attractions . So what are you waiting for? Come and Join us at Alaska Sundance Retreat Today! LEARN MORE Your Home Away From Home Enjoy your stay in South Anchorage, Alaska Here at Alaskan Sundance Resort, we provide quality service, hospitality and warm memories. If you're not convinced already, take a look at what our guests have to say! Our service speaks and we are proud to be a 5 Star Hotel on Tripadvisor. If you're still not assured, take a look at our Reviews!   An Amazing Experience "Alaska has been a dream or us, and staying here made our trip 10x better. We loved meeting you all & we appreciate the comfortable & homey base to come back to after each adventure." - Chris & Jenn, Michigan An Alaskan Adventure "From the Lower 48 to Alaska, this exceeds our expectations. Rich was an amazing host, sharing w/us stories of the B&B, the "energy island" and the places to visit." - The Wolffe's An Absolutely Perfect Stay "What an absolutely lovely bed & breakfast tucked away here in Anchorage! Everything about these accommodations was wonderful. We would love to come back again next time we are in Alaska." - Kyle & Caith, Memphis TN Image may be subject to copyright Image may be subject to copyright Guests 1 2 3 4 Adults 1 2 3 4 Children 0 1 2 Check Availability Home About Us Accommodations Forget-Me-Not Room Serenity Now Room Apartment Chugach Room Things to Do Chugach State Park Alaska Wildlife Conservation Center Flattop Mountain Trail The Alaska Railroad Tony Knowles Coastal Trail Privacy Policy Terms of Use Restaurants Contact Us ADA © 2019. ALASKA SUNDANCE RETREAT BED & BREAKFAST Bed and Breakfast Website Design & Reservation Software by ResNexus 