Aberporth Hafan Y Môr - Aberporth. Self catering Holiday Bungalow ,2 Bedrooms sleeps up to 5.    Gallery Activities Rates Dates Available e-mail: sales@aberporthholidays.co.uk Dolphins, Seal & Porpoise Terms & Conditions Booking Form Client Reviews Links Aberporth is a tranquil Welsh seaside village with two lovely beaches.  Cafes provide convenient  meals and the local pubs and restaurants provide sumptuous alternatives. The local amenities include a Grocer, Video Rentals, Butchers, Beach-shop, Hardware Shop, Hairdressers, Chemist, Post Office, chip-shop/Chinese takeaway and even an Antique Shop, Bar and Restaurant, all within a couple of minutes walk. Hafan-Y-M ô r offers the perfect location for a holiday set in the tranquil and romantic settings of the West Wales Coastline. Available all year including Whitsun, Easter, Christmas and New Year for the perfect break away.   Hafan Y Môr:   means the Sea Haven and is a two bedroom bungalow located on the right of the two beaches and the local shops.  Sleeping 2-5 it is flexible for a larger family. It is only two minutes walk to the local shops and a couple more to the beach.  Situated within a quiet residential estate it is close to the cliff top path that goes to the next beach Tresaith.  The Bungalow is double glazed and equipped with electric heating. It consists of a spacious lounge/diner with serving hatch from kitchen. With comfortable leather sofas ,TV, dvd, digi box and hi-fi. Modern dining suite to suit the most robust of families or the more romantic special occasion. Fully equipped fitted kitchen with cooker, fridge, washing machine, microwave and toaster. Spacious bathroom with toilet, wash hand basin, electric shower and bath. The master bedroom has a double bed, single bed and folding guest bed. The second bedroom has twin beds. Both rooms have built in wardrobes, cozy pine furnishings and clean, crisp linen. Gardens to front with hardstand for parking and private garden to rear with patio area and furniture. Bedding: Duvets with fresh, clean linen is included in the price. We do not provide towels. Electricity: Electricity is not included in the price. The Bungalow is all electric, including heating and a coinmeter is found in the hall cupboard which takes £1 coins. Smoking: We ask that any smokers wishing to use Hafan Y M ô r please smoke outside of the house (in the back garden or out the back door). Respect that the owners are non smokers and many future users will also be non smokers. Dog owners: We ask that you clean up after your pet in the garden and the house. We do not currently charge extra for pets, and provided owners continue to clean up in a thorough manner we will continue to do this. However failure to clean up hair and dog mess etc. will either result in extra costs for pets or a no pet rule in the future.   See Dates Available Booking Info rmation: 1 Check Availability on the calendar page . 2 Drop us an e-mail or phone us to provisionally book your dates. 3 We will either post you a booking form or you can print off the booking form below. Post off the completed booking form with your deposit. Once we receive your deposit we will reserve your holiday dates and send you the information pack. Booking Form Provisional bookings are kept for one week only. The Balance of payment must be made at least 21 days before the date of your holiday. Contact Details: Contact Derek & Catherine Collins on : Tel: 01443 453251 Week day evenings after 6pm before 10pm, any other times please leave us a message and we will return your call. e-mail: sales@aberporthholidays.co.uk Start of StatCounter Code End of StatCounter Code   