Home Home Teambuilding Activities Fun & Recreational Activities Accommodation & Facilities About Us Contact Us end #menu end #header   Lodge & Backpackers accommodation in the Dinokeng Big 5 Game Reserve If you appreciate nature and wildlife and are planning a team building, conference, year-end or  other function, wedding or just want to enjoy a relaxing game drive and stay in big five territory, you have to experience the adventurous rhythm of the African Bushveld we have to offer. We are situated in the Dinokeng Big five Game Reserve, in the North Eastern part of Gauteng, less than 40km from Pretoria, 10km from the Carousel Casino and 89km fro O.R. Tambo International Airport. We offer catering and self-catering accommodation and have accommodation available for up to 50 people. For day functions, we can cater for up to 200 people. Our  Safari House is an exclusive self catering double storey safari house which is one of a kind and provides accommodation for up to 10 people. There is a splash pool with wooden deck overlooking the veldt and wildlife as well as a boma and braai area. The house is ideal for family and friend gatherings and offers private accommodation away from the crowd in a big 5 game reserve The accommodation at the  Backpackers lodge   consists of an-suite rooms. It also offers Conference facilities, a cash bar, entertainment area with a boma and braai, swimming pool, dining area and chapel. The self-catering  Bush Camp is popular for private bookings and functions such as bachelors, family get-togethers and small, self-catering corporate groups. We can also provide team building and other activities at the Bush camp. Please visit our Accommodation & Facilities page to see more information on the self-catering and catering accommodation we offer. Important Note: Please note that our camps are not fenced off. We have the big 5 roaming around the camps We specialize in Corporate Team buildings and also offer a variety of fun and recreational activities . You have the option to combine your corporate team building with some fun activities such as a relaxing Game drive, Microlight flips, Fishing, Paintball, Shebeen Tour etc. The corporate team building activities are facilitated by professional facilitators and the aim is to create team work, communication, trust, planning etc.  Have a look under our Team building activities and Fun & Recreational activities pages to see some of the team building and other activities we offer. If you are planning a wedding, you have to make contact with us so that we can tell you more about our ALL INCLUSIVE bush wedding special we are running at the moment. Our intimate bush chapel can seat up to 120 guests. Prefer a fun, exciting, remember-able wedding where you can spend quality time with your newlywed partner, family and friends around a bon fire? Your guests have the option to book a relaxing game drive the day after.  Find out what we have to offer to make your wedding day as special as it is supposed to be! Send us more information on your team building, wedding or other event and find out what we can offer you. Please note that there is a conservation levy payable to the reserve when you exit the reserve of R30 per adult and R20 per kid .     Website Links Online Quote Photo Gallery FAQs Pamper Packages Youth Program Links end #footer 