Ty Cristion - Anglesey Holiday Cottages - Boderdern Ty Cristion - Anglesey Holiday Cottages - Boderdern Home Florence Cottage Ty Nel Cottage Ty Ffynnon Bethan’s Cottage Attractions Tariffs Special Offers Availability Gallery Contact Menu end .container end #main end #featured end .flex-container Home end .entry Welcome To Ty Cristion Holiday Cottages Derek and Helen Thomas welcome you to Ty Cristion holiday cottages on the Isle of Anglesey. A delightful self-catering property complex of 4 cottages. Ty Cristion a former coaching inn is one of the original dwellings in Bodedern – one of the oldest villages in Anglesey. Surrounded by beautiful countryside set back on a private drive just off the old coaching road (B1509). Ty Cristion is perfectly placed for exploring the island. Just 2 miles off junction 4, A55 Euroroute, 6 miles from the port of Holyhead, and 18 miles from the heart of Snowdonia, and only 5 minutes away from Anglesey airport. These properties have been recently converted from 17c farm outbuildings to offer attractive, comfortable and well equipped accommodation. Visitors to Ty Cristion enjoy shared use of 7 acres of gardens and grounds, ample parking for cars, boats, jet-skis, secure storage for bikes and fishing equipment. There is a giant outdoor draughts board,swing ball, garden and children’s play area with swings and slide. Each cottage has a private patio with furniture and bbq. end .image1 end .image2 end homepage_images end .image3 The Isle of Anglesey has 125 miles of spectacular coastline of which 85 miles is designated areas of outstanding natural beauty, A beautiful, tranquil, wild and unspoilt island a haven for walkers and cyclists with a choice of 650 miles of footpaths, lanes and tracks spanning everything from rugged cliffs to ancient woodlands.The island boast eight golf courses, or maybe you prefer diving with more than 100 wrecks to explore in clean, clear water. Or climb the cliffs at South Stack, bird watch at Elin’s tower, take in some sea or lake fishing or thrill at the car and motor cycle races at the Anglesey circuit. Or simply do nothing at all just enjoy the peace and tranquillity at Ty Cristion. Relax, unwind and re-charge the batteries, take in the sights and sounds of nature, chill-out on the beach, soak – up the sun, see spectacular sunsets and watch the world go by, the choice is yours! If you do not wish to travel by car we can arrange for you to be picked up from Anglesey airport, Holyhead ferry terminal or railway station. If you have a special celebration we can arrange flower deliveries, restaurant bookings, wine, champagne etc end .image1 end .image2 end .image3 end #main_content end #content_area end .container end #main-area end #page-wrap Address Ty Cristion Cottages Ty Cristion Bodedern Anglesey LL65 3UB Tel: 01407 741500 Email: enquiries@angleseyholidays.co.uk end . footer-widget end . footer-widget Translate: end . footer-widget Bethan’s Cottage Ty Ffynnon Ty Nel Cottage Florence Cottage Tariffs Special Offers Gallery Contact end . footer-widget end #footer-widgets Developed By Wales Tourists Online end .container end #main-footer 