Agrilia Hotel – Zakynthos The Hotel Accommodation Activities Photo Gallery Contact Ελληνικα English Κάντε Κράτηση The Hotel Accommodation Activities Photo Gallery Contact Ελληνικα English Discover Relaxation Our Hotel offers you an unparalleled relaxation experience, we have top quality customer service and strive to meet every need you have Hotel Beautiful Rooms Agrilia Hotel has 31 rooms of varying sizes and prices to meet any requirements that you may have, stay with us tonight View Rooms Check In Check Out Adults Adults 1 2 3 4 5 Children Children 0 1 2 3 4 5 Check Availability BOOK NOW Welcome To Agrilia Hotel Luxury Resort & Rooms We welcome you to one of the most beautiful adults only hotel in Zakynthos! Learn More Our Rooms All rooms of Agrilia Hotel are spacious, modern, overlooking the garden or the swimming pool and fully equipped to offer you pleasant and comfortable accommodation in Zakynthos. Standard Rooms Occupancy: 2 Size: 13-17m 2 Price: 65-105 € View Details Suites Occupancy: 2-3 Size: 26m 2 Price: 75-135 € View Details Testimonials “ This place created the best memories! Clean rooms, nice breakfast & we really liked the pool area in the afternoon playing lounge music!... ” Pantelis F - Athens, Greece “ My boyfriend & I stayed here. Loved our stay, the rooms are clean, large enough to meet all your needs. The view of the hills was bliss! ... ” Heather C - United Kingdom “ Lovely hotel-chilled out feel. Staff were very attentive & made our stay very special. Many thanks to George, Julio and Vas.... ” Claire and Mike - Yorkshire “ A beautiful boutique gem of a hotel/pool complex, with an outstanding team. During our stay we were attended to by George, Julio, Argi and Vass. ... ” Jennifer Talbott - London, United Kingdom “ Stayed in this hotel as we were there for a wedding. Could not fault this fabulous hotel, everything about it is first class.... ” Marian Hughes - United Kingdom “ This is our second stay at the Agrilia Hotel, George and his staff should be proud of the service they provide.... ” Chris & Jean - Northern Ireland Frequently Asked Questions My flight arrives early in the morning, what time can I check in? You will have no problem with our fast check-in and check-out on our 24-hour operating reception! Is breakfast included as standard with all rooms? Yes, all of our rooms are with breakfast included! Do you provide a child day care service? No we do not, since our hotel is an adults only hotel! Are airport pickups available for late night flight arrivals? Yes, upon request our mini-van is available for airport pickup! Book online today and look forward to a relaxing stay with us Call Us On (+30) 26950 51884 or Email info@agriliahotel.com Online Booking Activities Trip to Wreck August 24, 2017 2 Comments On the northwest side of the island is the world famous, much photographed, with crystal blue water beach “Shipwreck”. Read More See the turtle Caretta-Caretta April 4, 2018 No Comments At the reception you will find information about the loggerhead turtle Caretta-Caretta  Read More Trip to Gerakas April 4, 2018 No Comments Visit the Gerakas beach at the Royal to enjoy the warm and shallow clear blue waters, make clay mud that rises like a rock on the edge of the beach. Read More Excursion to Winery “Solomos” April 4, 2018 No Comments Visit the winery Salmon, from the most modern and traditional wineries with interesting local varieties of wine labels. Read More Excursion “Marathonisi” April 4, 2018 No Comments Trip to Marathonissi with exotic pure white sandy beaches. Read More Tour of Zakynthos April 4, 2018 No Comments Around the island from beach to beach to admire the beauty of the greenest of the Ionian island. Read More Visit the Monastery of St. Dionysius April 4, 2018 No Comments We provide useful information for you on your visit to the Monastery of Agios Dionysios in Zakynthos town. Read More Visit the town of Zakynthos-Bohali April 4, 2018 No Comments They stay with the best memories from your holidays in Zakynthos Read More Riding April 4, 2018 No Comments For nature lovers about riding lessons by qualified staff for adults and children and sea routes with horses. Read More About Us We welcome you to one of the most beautiful adults only hotel in Zakynthos! The boutique hotel Agrilia in the heart of a beautiful grove is a creation of renowned architect and interior designer Spyros Soulis. Hotel accepts payments with Hellenic Coin. Wallet number Hellenic coin: LVNvdH4vWuetvtpf8LhZied6dMECX2qEMY Contact Details Agrilia-Zakynthos 29100, Greece +30 26950 51884 info@agriliahotel.com Bank Accounts TOP 10 Powered by Computer Link LTD | © 2018 Agrilia Hotel | All rights reserved. 