 Welcome to our Bed and Breakfast in St Augustine | 63 Orange Street Bed & Breakfast, St Augustine, Florida Make class="container" its own div if you need 2 containers Welcome to our Bed and Breakfast in St Augustine | 63 Orange Street Bed & Breakfast, St Augustine, Florida end header div Make A Reservation Home Rooms & Rates Reservations Packages & Specials Guest Information Guest Book Things To Do Weddings Contact / Directions The only downside was that I did not know how to apply for a personal loan transaction using a mobile site. Otherwise, you liked the choice of payments and quick financing. I needed to call the customer service line after sending my documents, but my question was answered quickly. Welcome to our Beautiful Bed and Breakfast! Stay with us on your next visit to St. Augustine Florida Set among grand trees, in a quiet residential neighborhood, 63 Orange Street, a St. Augustine bed and breakfast inn, awaits you as one of this Florida city’s most beautiful historical treasures. Only 2 blocks from the famous St. Augustine City Gates, which date back to the early 1700’s, this historic St. Augustine bed and breakfast inn is convenient to downtown St Augustine, the nation’s oldest city. Located within easy walking distance are historic St. George Street with its many quaint shops, restaurants and attractions, the Castillo de San Marco, Flagler College, Ripley’s Believe it or Not and the Lightner Museum. Just a short distance away are the beaches, the Fountain of Youth, the Alligator Farm, and the Lighthouse. Dozens of unique attractions make a visit to our Saint Augustine Bed and Breakfast the ideal getaway or Florida family vacation. Historic St. Augustine is the perfect setting for a romantic dinner in one of our fine restaurants or bistros, followed by a leisurely carriage ride through narrow brick streets. Century old architectural masterpieces of Spanish Renaissance and Colonial Revival border lanes filled with art galleries and shops of antiques and collectibles. This grand 1884 home invites you to enjoy a comfortable combination of charming, elegant Victorian antiques and 21st century amenities. Eleven-foot ceilings and antique furniture are authentically Victorian, yet maintain a modern feel. King and queen-sized beds, private bathrooms with whirlpool tubs or the original claw foot tubs/shower, private balconies, central A/C and heat all provide the comforts of today. The elegant furnishings of our St. Augustine bed and breakfast create the look of yesterday. It’s obvious that owner/innkeeper Jackie Kent has given every consideration to your comfort while at 63 Orange Street, a St. Augustine Bed and Breakfast Inn. You’ll feel quietly embraced by the aura of this beautiful home and a very warm welcome. The inn and its elegant Victorian furnishings seem to blend perfectly, putting you totally at ease. You are invited to step back to a more relaxed and romantic era. Sit a while in a rocking chair on the upstairs front porch, unwind in the cool breezes on your own private balcony, walk around the little goldfish pond in the backyard flower garden, or settle in the library with a good book in your hands…And when you are ready, all the magic of St. Augustine is within a short two-block stroll. end main_content div end main div © 63 Orange Street Bed and Breakfast Inn All Rights Reserved. St. Augustine, Florida 32084 Jackie Kent, Innkeeper (904) 814-2063 Email Us St. Augustine Web Design by Old City Web Services . Hosted in St. Augustine on OldCity.com 