Georgetown University Hotel - Hotels Near Georgetown University Washington Dc Skip to main content arrow-right arrow-left arrow-bottom arrow-top calendar phone download-arrow facebook twitter google-plus RESERVATIONS opens in a new tab <div class="secondary-navigation__item secondary-navigation__weather"> <span class="icon__text">Barcelona, 10h30</span> <svg class="icon icon-sun"><use xlink:href="#icon-sun"></use></svg> </div> 1 (888) 902-1606 .secondary-navigation__items-wrapper .secondary-navigation Accommodations Special Offers Gallery Dining Meetings & Events Amenities Destination Guide Shopping & Dining Georgetown University Third Party Billing Construction & Parking More link Book now close .header__items-wrapper .container .header Close menu Back to the menu .js-slider__wrapper END hero block Welcome to Georgetown University Hotel and Conference Center Set amidst the historic charm of the Georgetown University campus, beside the Chesapeake & Ohio (C&O) canal, The Georgetown University Hotel and Conference Center is an oasis of calm and tranquility. The boutique Hotel provides guests with history and comfort, coupled with beautiful campus views. Removed from the bustle of downtown D.C., our location is full of elegant culture and tradition and yet is still close enough to enjoy all of the attractions and activities of the city. With 146 guest rooms and 13,500 square feet of space for meetings and special events, The Georgetown University Hotel and Conference center occupies a unique position in the boutique hotel market.  Comfortable King Room After a long day of work or travel, unwind in an elegantly-appointed, king-bedded room, which features a spacious desk, complimentary Wi-Fi access, and a flat-screen HDTV.  Select rooms also offer a seating area. Read more Loading Rates from xxxx$ Book now opens in a new tabab .m-content-object--footer Deluxe Double Room This room offers two full-size beds, making it ideal for families visiting Georgetown. This room also features a work desk, complimentary Wi-Fi access, and a flat-screen HDTV. Read more Loading Rates from xxxx$ Book now opens in a new tabab .m-content-object--footer ADA King Room Designed for guests with mobility concerns, this room includes a king bed and an accessible bathroom with built-in shower seats or roll-in showers. This room also feature a work desk, complimentary Wi-Fi access, and a flat-screen HDTV. Read more Loading Rates from xxxx$ Book now opens in a new tabab .m-content-object--footer Work, Play and Relax Break a sweat at the on-site fitness room, take care of work-related tasks in the Guest Service Center or enjoy the convenience of complimentary Wi-Fi access in your room and throughout the hotel. Read More A Restful Haven in the Bustling City No other hotel offers a better location for guests visiting Georgetown University or MedStar Georgetown University Hospital; we’re also an easy walk from M Street shops and restaurants, and a short distance from downtown D.C. Read more Aramark - Georgetown University Loading Rates from Book now opens in a new tab C&O Canal Bike, run, or stroll down the paths lining the beautiful Chesapeake & Ohio Canal. Georgetown Waterfront Park Georgetown Waterfront Park is a scenic urban park that stretches along the Potomac waterfront, with a selection of shops and restaurants, many boasting amazing views. Dumbarton Oaks Gardens Dumbarton House is a historic house museum owned by The National Society of The Colonial Dames of America. With an eclectic collection of furniture, paintings, and ceramics, visitors learn about what life was like in Washington during the early 19th century. French Embassy Events Enjoy all things French at the French Embassy located across the street from the hotel on Reservoir Road. There are special events, movies and tours commemorating France’s culture and history. John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts Washington, D.C.’s preeminent performing arts center includes several venues, including an opera house. It offers a full calendar of events ranging from theater and dance to music of all genres and multimedia performances for families. Lincoln Memorial Located within the city’s Tidal Basin, which is also home to the Roosevelt and Martin Luther King, Jr. Memorials, the Lincoln Memorial is dedicated to Abraham Lincoln, the country’s 16th President. It’s one of the most photographed landmarks in D.C. White House Presidents have called the White House home for over 200 years, and millions of tourists flock to Washington annually to catch a glimpse of it. An incredible 55,000 square feet in size, it features six floors and 132 rooms, as well as a Visitor’s Center, which is open daily. National Gallery of Art The National Gallery of Art is one of the world’s most renowned art museums and is free of charge to visitors. Comprised of two buildings, the NGA features an immense collection of works by European and American artists spanning from the Middle Ages to the present day. The adjoining Sculpture Garden displays an array of works by various artists; stop by on Fridays to hear live jazz during the summer months. #main-content Back to top Contact Us About Us Careers Privacy Policy English                 Designed by TravelClick Georgeto​wn University Hotel and Conference Center 3800 Reservoir Rd NW, Washington, D.C. 20057 Phone: 202-687-3200  | Fax: 202-687-3297 | Reservations: 888-902-1606   × This offer is available in a range of selected hotels. Please choose at which one you would like to book. Select hotel Book offer × .js-dialog-lightbox 