Skip to content
		
A BIGGER HOUSE
CHIROPRACTIC CARE FOR CONSTRUCTION & REMODELING

KITCHEN
Top 3 Kitchen Remodeling Tips


Remodeling your kitchen is probably the best way to increase your property value according to recent market research surveys. But in order to get the best value, it is important to keep these top 3 remodeling tips in mind:

1. Your Budget
Budgeting for your kitchen remodel is probably the most important part of the process. There are factors that are essential to your budget process:

Determine the type of remodel you require. Is high end, extensive renovation ideal or are there only a few features and elements that need to be updated?
Evaluate the likely increase in property value that you will receive from the remodel. Your kitchen remodel should never cost you more than than the increase in value that you are likely to see.
Always leave a little extra aside for incidental requirements, additional needs that may arise and other unforeseen circumstances like a project running over it’s deadline. This will help prevent you from running out of funds before the project is completed.
If you are struggling with your budget, ask a design expert or a design and build company for assistance in ensuring that all the project requirements are covered and that you are getting the best deals on materials and other necessities.

2. The Right Height
There are different features of your kitchen that should be at the ideal height for use. While you may want to take your own personal comfort level into account, it is also important to keep the resale value in mind. Counter-tops, the stove top and kitchen sinks should be at the ideal height for use without bending or reaching.

Ovens are ideally placed at eye level, including the microwave oven. Storage cupboards should never be too high too reach easily without using a ladder or step. Kitchen cupboards that reach the ceiling may be aesthetically pleasing but are not very functional.

3. The Island
An island is a great addition to any kitchen adding an extra work space or area where the stove top or sinks can be placed in kitchens where wall space is limited. It is also an ideal eating area and can provide the necessary room for more than one person to work in the area at once.

However, it is very important to plan carefully for an island. First, is there enough room to place the island in the kitchen without being disruptive to movement, walking around and opening cupboard doors. Next, plan for additional plumbing and electrics to the island if it is to function as more than just a work space. Make sure to plan for leg room if you are planning to use the island primarily as an eating area.

Following these 3 top kitchen remodeling tips will help prevent common mistakes that are made as well as ensure a successful project. Always have an end result in mind and make this a priority in order to ensure that all the elements tie together to meet with your requirements.

UPDATE: One problem many contractors face during their career is the inability to continue working long hours based on body aches and pains. Whether you’re a professional contractor or a tackling a weekend DIY project, making sure you are taking the proper care of your body is extremely critical. In many cases, seeing a chiropractor can help. Not only for back and neck pain, but with other joint pain as well – shoulders, elbows, knees, and wrists. Regardless, make sure to take special care of your body, especially if you need to remain physically active to work. Depending on where you’re located, you may want to visit a St. Charles chiropractic clinic for an adjustment (and possibly nutrition support as well).

REMODELING
Welcome To ABH Remodeling & Construction
When deciding if you should remodel your home, kitchen, or bathroom, you need to keep a variety of aspects in mind. One of the most important factors to remember is to understand who will be performing the work on your home. If you are a DIY person, it may be best to hire outside professional help on this project.

Because a remodeling project can be intense, we are here to help provide you with helpful articles and information about making that process as quick and smooth as possible for you.

