Anchorage Walkabout Town Bed and Breakfast – The Best Bed and Breakfast in Downtown Anchorage Alaska. 1610 E street Anchorage, Alaska 99501 Call Us: +1-907-279-2918 Anchorage Walkabout Town Bed and Breakfast The Best Bed and Breakfast in Downtown Anchorage Alaska. .site-branding menu Home About Rooms Breakfasts Amenities Maps NOLS Prices Announcements Contact US #masthead Beautiful Breakfast View Local Visitors Gardens Amazing Nature Fabulous Flavors Interesting Neighbors Miles of Bike Trails Anchorage Walkabout Downtown Anchorage Bed and Breakfast 1610 E street Anchorage, Alaska 99501 If you enjoy walking and biking around downtown Anchorage, then the Anchorage Walkabout Town Bed and Breakfast is for you. Anchorage Walkabout Town Bed and Breakfast is close to town, offers a full breakfast , and free bicycles . Guests enjoy riding the coastal trail on the free bicycles after eating a full breakfast of Alaskan flavors. Located close to town, we are near the beautiful Anchorage trail system, two lagoons with ducks and geese is a short walk. • Comfortable Attractive Rooms • • Great Breakfasts •  Lots of Extras • • Convenient Downtown Location • Our Anchorage B&B is in a hub location for traveling around Alaska. Many people stay with us for a night or two, make a trip to Denali (a.k.a., Mt. McKinley) Park and return for a day or two. They may rent a car and drive to Seward or Homer and return again. It isn’t unusual for us to see our guests for six or seven nights during their trip as they travel into and out of Anchorage. .entry-content #post-## #main #primary Anchorage Walkabout Town Bed & Breakfast 4.7 Julie Masters 00:53 17 Jul 19 Comfortable, nice folks, has bikes. 20 minute walk to town. Good option for lodging in Anchorage Susan Samoviski 15:50 11 Sep 18 We have enjoyed a wonderful stay at the Anchorage Walkabout. Great breakfasts and friendly hosts. Such fun meeting other visitors to Anchorage. The B&B is so conveniently located to downtown and walking trails. We would highly recommend! Jerome Magsino 06:08 03 Sep 18 Great location and great hosts! Definitely will be back Peter Seerden 18:25 13 Jul 18 Very nice place to stay. All is clean, good breakfast and very gracious hosts. I would stay here again. Peter jonatan perry 03:31 22 Jun 17 Staying at a bnb can be a whole new experience when it comes to Suzi & Scott walkabout place. They are the most welcoming & friendly people and therie lovely place is so nice & clean. We stayed there for several nights as part of 15 people group and they made every possible effort to make as feel home (and they did!) each room has its own uniquness (the australian room furnished from the time they lived in australia) if I ever come back to anchorage they will be my first choice. Erin Riley 21:56 17 Jun 17 Great location, close to trails and downtown. I used their rental bikes and took a long ride down the coast. Gorgeous area. Breakfast was perfect, good selection. Would stay again. Expeditions Alaska 03:32 08 Nov 13 handy, clean, quiet, friendly and helpful. Maria Sorrentino 05:05 12 Jul 10 This B&B is 1 mile from the downtown area of Anchorage. It is VERY affordable for Anchorage and has GREAT breakfast and comfortable rooms. They also have bikes that they rent out for free to their guests! The housing is not glamorous, but VERY clean. Bottom line, if you are looking for comfortable and affordable place to stay, this is your place. See All Reviews Travelers' Reviews on BedandBreakfast.com #secondary #content Add your own widgets here Theme: Vogue by Kaira Home About Rooms Breakfasts Amenities Maps NOLS Prices Announcements Contact US #page Book Now Name * Email * Subject and/or Reservation Dates Details and Message * Phone Submit .wpforms-container × Telephone Us   Message Us          Locate  Us × 