Alpine Haus Bed and Breakfast Inn: Vernon, New Jersey Gift Certificates Check Availability 877-527-6854 973-209-7080 Vernon, New Jersey's Premiere Bed and Breakfast Inn Menu Main menu Skip to primary content Skip to secondary content Welcome Rooms / Rates View All Guest Rooms Primrose Room Coral Bells Room Snowberry Room Lily of the Valley Room Forget-Me-Not Room Edelweiss Room Alpine Pink Room Alpine Jasmine Room Buttercup Suite Violet Suite Check Availability Book NOW Gift Certificates Our Inn Our Inn Photo Tour Breakfast / Dining Specials / Packages Specials & Events Packages & Extras Area Area Attractions Mountain Creek Resort Winter Activities Summer Activities Business Travel Map Map Driving Directions Contact Information Blog Welcome to Alpine Haus Bed and Breakfast Inn Located in Vernon, NJ, our inn is your home base for enjoying four-seasons of Tri-State recreation. Whether you are looking for a romantic getaway or an outdoor adventure, Alpine Haus Bed and Breakfast Inn is your best choice for a restful oasis. This historic 1885 Federal style home, along with its Carriage House, was the Mott homestead : one of the original farms in Vernon. The Main Inn features eight uniquely appointed guest rooms , each with a private bath, cable TV and complimentary wireless Internet service. The Carriage House provides two suites each with a gas fireplace and Jacuzzi tub. One suite is fully ADA equipped. Each morning, a bountiful country breakfast is served in our dining room. Homemade cookies, specialty teas, and our coffee/espresso machine are always on hand in the living room. Unwind on our Covered Porch with its seasonal view of Vernon Valley and the Pochuck Mountains . Many guests bring a bottle of wine when returning from their visit to the local wineries to enjoy with our cheese platter (ordered in advance) on the porch. Located in Sussex County, we border on both Orange County, New York and Pike County Pennsylvania. Outdoor adventures abound with Mountain Creek Resort located just next door where you can ski, snowboard, enjoy the waterpark, mountain bike, and ride a zip-line. Also, we are just minutes from the Appalachian Trail, six public golf courses, horseback riding, ice-skating and Wawayanda and High Point State Parks. Alpine Haus Bed and Breakfast Inn is perfect for your romantic getaway. With six wineries, several tearooms and massage services available you can create special memories. The picturesque town of Warwick, New York is 10 minutes away with 3 wineries, quaint shops and Sugar Loaf Arts & Crafts village. Your day will be complete with a variety of good area restaurants. You can review their menus upon your arrival. We are also just minutes from Crystal Springs Resort, where many of our guests attend weddings or play golf on their award-winning golf courses. Think of us for a more affordable lodging option and enjoy the B&B experience, which is so much more than just a hotel room. With many more Area Attractions , you might want to stay an extra day! Take advantage of our concierge service to plan a personalized itinerary and make reservations at the many fine restaurants in our area. Make your stay extra special and order chocolate-covered strawberries, flowers or a cheese platter to be served in the privacy of your room. Travelers’ Reviews for Alpine Haus on BedandBreakfast.com A Note from the Innkeeper: Winter is a beautiful time in Sussex County.  Located next door enjoy all that Mountain Creek has to offer: skiing, snowboarding, zipline (yes in the winter), tubing & nightlife. Numerous wineries and great restaurants to choose from.  We hope to see you soon.   “We stayed at the Alpine Haus to be near the golf courses, but we didn’t want to stay at the resort. We were more than pleasantly surprised. The location was great and convenient, but away from the bustle of the water parks, etc. Our room was quite comfortable and faced the trees in the back. Very quiet. The porch was a nice place for relaxing in the shade. We can’t say enough, however, about the wonderful breakfasts which Allison prepared. Those were the best meals of our trip! The Innkeepers are very friendly, and offer suggestions for things to do and restaurants. We’ll be back soon!” – Carol A Online Form - Constant Contact Signup Form Web Form Builder Recent Posts Springfest Garden Show at Sussex County Fairgrounds March 12-15, 2015 : Beat the winter blues with a visit to Springfest.  They call this the “Garden Lover’s Garden Show” but after this rough winter it should cheer-up anyone.  See garden displays from landscape professionals and meet them to answer your questions.  The beautiful conservatory will be filled with plant ma... Winter Zipline and Snowtubing Package at Mountain Creek : Did you know you can zipline in the winter here in New Jersey?  You bet – right next door to Alpine Haus B&B at Mountain Creek Ski Resort where Zoom Ziplines operates all year long.  They are offering a great Zipline and Snow Tubing Package.  The zipline adventure is a guided tour which starts w... Alpine Haus Bed & Breakfast Inn 217 State RT 94 Vernon , NJ 07462-3305 www.alpinehausbb.com/ Bed and Breakfast Suites in Vernon, NJ Latitude: 41.19186 Longitude: -74.49936 Phone: (973) 209-7080 Tollfree: (877) 527-6854 Responsive Web Design, Marketing and Hosting by Acorn Internet Services, Inc. View Our Site Map 