Annabelle Bed & Breakfast, Vicksburg, Mississippi   Annabelle Bed and Breakfast       Excellence in Inn Keeping Since 1992        RETURN HOME                                                                                               True Southern Hospitality and Grace Annabelle invites you to experience true Southern Hospitality and grace in this impressive Victorian- Italianate residence built circa 1868 and in the 1881 Guest House located poolside. The 1868 residence evokes the opulence of the Victorian age, a slower, more genteel time. The Abigael's 1880 Guest House with it’s 55-foot-long gallery, overlooks the sparkling swimming pool, the river valley below and the Louisiana delta across the Mississippi River . The mansion was built by John Alexander Klein, on his Cedar Grove Estate for his son Madison Conrad Klein. The area which encompasses five of Vicksburg’s most historic houses, including Annabelle, is known as the Historic Garden District. The Inn 's 6 elegant rooms and beautifully furnished living areas provide the perfect setting for a romantic celebration or a tranquil retreat from everyday life. When you choose a magnificent honeymoon suite or another inviting room, your experience will be memorable! All guests are served a full southern breakfast in the 1868 formal dining room where the tablescape changes seasonally Each room in both houses invite you to experience Vicksburg as it was in yesteryear. Some rooms offer fireplaces and relaxing whirlpool baths. All rooms have comfortable beds dressed in fine linens, 13-foot ceilings, some rooms adorned with beautiful chandeliers, private baths with spa inspired amenities, soft fluffy robes, cable television and wireless internet connections. The porch swing and wicker chairs, invite guests at Annabelle to enjoy the southern magnolia scented breezes. Guest Room Descriptions Go Here to see Larger Photos of Rooms and the Property! In top 2% of US B & Bs  B & B with "Most Hospitality" In Top 2 B &B's in the South Arrington Publisher's  B & B Journal's Book of Lists with over 70,000 guests participating Featured in: Fodor's The South's Best Bed and Breakfasts ,  Southern Living magazine, Country Inns magazine, and many more. Annabelle Bed and Breakfast 501 Speed Street Vicksburg, Mississippi annabelle@vicksburg.com 601-638-2000 We require notification of any change in reservation or cancellation 7days prior to arrival. Early departures will be charged for length of reservation. A 50% non-refundable deposit is required on multiple room reservations and all long term reservations. Michael Logue Web Design Contact My Webmaster   