Three Tree Point Bed & Breakfast in Seattle WA Three Tree Point Bed & Breakfast LLC Toggle navigation Book Now P:  (206) 669-7646 Contact Reservations (206) 669-7646 Book Now Home Accommodations + The Cottage The Suite Promotions + Free Night for Our Frequent Visitor Guest Dinner In for Two Business Traveler Special A Rejuvenating Massage Picnic with Your Loved One Rose & Box of Chocolates Gift Certificates About Us Amenities + Features & Services Green Program/Stewardship Local Seattle Events Suggested Itineraries Hot Tub Breakfast Contact More Information + Photo Gallery Getting Here Our Location Blog Retreats Three Tree Point Bed & Breakfast Three Tree Point Bed & Breakfast Three Tree Point Bed & Breakfast Three Tree Point Bed & Breakfast Welcome to Seattle Seattle's Bed and Breakfast with a view. Units have private kitchen, living room, bedroom, bathroom and patio with views of the water and mountains. Located on a quiet hillside overlooking Puget Sound, you'll be greeted by spectacular panoramic views of majestic Mount Rainier and the regal Olympic Mountains. Surrounded by this breathtaking scenery, enjoy one of our two private, independent guest accommodations, and experience a Seattle visit that will not soon be forgotten, and one you'll wish to repeat often.  Events in Seattle   Taste Washington March 24-25 Tulip festival April 1 - 30  Folklife music and dance May 25 - 28 Beer festival July 6-8  Choose from 200 beers at the Seattle International Beerfest at Fisher Pavilion at Seattle Center. Concerts at the locks June 4,  - Sept. 16,  Hear a concert on the lawn at beautiful Hiram M. Chittenden Locks in Ballard, usually at 2 p.m. Bite of Seattle July 20-22 Buy tastes from 60 restaurants at the free Bite of Seattle, which includes cooking demos, wine tasting, a beer garden, and entertainment at Seattle Center. Friday is least crowded. The Alley on Fisher rooftop has a package of 5 gourmet tastes to support charity.  Zoo concerts June 20 - Aug. 20,  ZooTunes features world-class artists at Woodland Park Zoo. One free child 12 or under per adult. More dates will be added as summer approaches. Seattle Seafair June 16-Aug 5,  Seattle Seafair  is local Seattle entertainment with runs, Pirates make their landing at Parades, hydroplane races and more Fourth of July - Seattle and at 3TP July 4, 2017 Seafair Summer Fourth at Gas Works Park has family activities, entertainment, food and beverages, and fireworks at 10:20 p.m. Bring no alcohol, fireworks, glass bottles, or pets. Free, except reserved seats. Or enjoy a firework show here at the B&B. Bumbershoot August 31 - Sept 2 Celebrate the end of summer at Bumbershoot, a spectacular festival of music, film, comedy, and arts on Labor Day weekend in 17 venues at Seattle Center, including a main stage in Memorial Stadium Stay With Us Welcome to Three Tree Point Bed & Breakfast, a true Northwest retreat where you'll be greeted by spectacular panoramic views of Mount Rainier and the Olympic Mountains. Surrounded by this breathtaking scenery, nestle into one of our two private, independent guest accommodations, The Suite or The Cottage. A Vacation Rental that sits on the bluff overlooking the Puget Sound Water. Bright, spacious and serene, the suite invites you to open the French doors, gaze upon the Puget Sound waters and rest within the large leather couch in front of the fireplace. Pour a cup of hot tea or a glass of wine, put your feet up and relax. You'll want to stay awhile. Learn More Join our Mailing List Stay up to date with what is happening at Three Tree Point. Click the button below to sign up for our email list. BEGIN: Constant Contact Email List Form Button Sign Up Now BEGIN: Email Marketing you can trust   TripAdvisor Reviews We strive to provide an exceptional level of service for every guest, and are proud to have a 5-star rating on TripAdvisor. View Reviews Photo Gallery Getting Here Our Location Blog Retreats 17026 33 Ave. S.W. , Seattle , WA   98166 , United States   P: (206) 669-7646   E:  whislers@comcast.net ©2019 Three Tree Point Bed & Breakfast LLC  |  Privacy Statement Simple Software for Innkeepers by Odysys [if (gte IE 6)&(lte IE 8)]> <script type="text/javascript" src="/public/js/selectivizr-min.js"></script> <![endif] 