agapecottages body start html embeds start body start html embeds end Home The Accomodations Availability and Rates Getting Here Favorite Links Contact Us More Sunset Cam Availability © 2019 by Coconut Breeze Villas, LTD Coconut Breeze Villas is located in Cane Garden Bay on Tortola, the crowned  jewel  of this British Virgin Islands territory.   /   PO Box 545 Cane Garden Bay, Tortola British Virgin Islands ANY QUESTIONS? CALL US AT: 1-614-296-0866 Payment Policy ​ If you decide to make Coconut Breeze Villas your vacation destination, we do request a 50% deposit to confirm your reservation.  This can be made by check or credit card.  Availability is subject to change until your deposit is confirmed. ​ The balance of your payment is due at check in. ​ Reservations made within 30 days of check in or less than 7 nights require full payment at time of reservation. Cancellation Policy ​ 90+ days prior to arrival, deposit less 10% refunded 60-89 days prior to arrival, deposit less 30% refunded 30-59 days prior to arrival, deposit less 50% refunded 0-29 days prior to arrival, no deposit refund YOUR PRIVATE GETAWAY IN CANE GARDEN BAY, TORTOLA BVI.  ​ Agape Cottages is a family-owned business where hospitality makes the difference.  We take pride in offering you a family-oriented atmosphere where you can relax and feel completely at home.  Choose from one of our seven fully furnished units; all you need is your swimsuit and sunscreen!  Agape Cottages were perfect ​ "Everything about our stay was perfect. Location - perfectly located right at Cane Garden Bay, just a short walk to the beach. ."   / Paul W Another Super Week at Agape Cottages ​ "The views are outstanding. Cane Garden Bay remains a great place to visit with a nice beach and several good restaurants."   / Pat M A view you will never forget that guarantees your return ​ “We looked forward to the sunsets every night with drinks on the balcony. The weather is always good and the breezes at this location are perfect.”   / Frank C Tripadvisor #1 Specialty Lodging Coconut Breeze Villas at Agape Cottages Cane Garden Bay Vacation Rental s No Footer body end html embeds start body end html embeds end 