Adventurer Oceanfront Inn - Wildwood Crest, New Jersey 08260 - Home Skip to content .site-title-wrapper #menu-toggle Home Book Now Packages Amenities Rooms Attractions Contact Us Live Cam #site-navigation #masthead Home .entry-header .page-title-container -- slides div start -- Welcome to Adventurer Oceanfront Inn You'll Feel Right At Home At The Beach and Boardwalk Relax & Enjoy! -- slides div end -- slides thumbnails div end Availability Adults 1 2 3 4 5 Child 0 1 2 3 4 5 SEARCH Book Now Rooms Enjoy your stay! Rates Book now! Amenities Feel at home! Attractions Where to go while on vacation! WELCOME TO THE ADVENTURER OCEANFRONT INN Indulge in all that the Wildwoods and its beaches have to offer at the Jersey Shore while staying at our oceanfront hotel! The Adventurer Oceanfront Inn has everything that your family or group needs to relax and unwind at the beach. You can wake up to the sounds of the ocean, watch the sun rise from our Oceanview or oceanfront balconies, enjoy breakfast in our oceanfront restaurant or simply bask in the sun at the beach or in our pool area. From our location, you can walk to the beach, the Wildwoods Boardwalk and Waterparks, and the Wildwoods Convention Center with ease. Complete with a Cardio Room, convention/meeting rooms, on-site restaurant, Southern exposure outdoor pool and kiddie pool, and free outdoor and garage parking on the premises, we provide everything you need to enjoy a family vacation or meeting at the beach! .page-content #post-## #main #primary #content ADVENTURER OCEANFRONT INN © Created by Travel Media Group © Privacy Policy | Website Accessibility Locate Us Address 5401 Ocean Avenue PO Box 1506 Wildwood Crest, New Jersey 08260 Contact Us Email info@adventurerinn.com Phone +1 609-729-1200 Toll-Free +1 800-232-7873 .site-footer-inner #colophon .site-info-inner .site-info .site-info-wrapper #page This website uses cookies to improve your experience. By continuing, you consent to our use of cookies. Click here to learn about our policies.   Accept & Close 