 Above the River: Vacation Rental Cabin on the New River FB Like BEGIN FB Like Button END Place this tag where you want the badge to render AddThis Button BEGIN AddThis Button END     Our Blue Ridge Mountain Cabin on the New River - with Private Riverfront Area Above the River is a beautiful, secluded vacation rental cabin located in the Blue Ridge Mountains of Ashe County, North Carolina, just a short drive to the Blue Ridge Parkway and the towns of West Jefferson and Jefferson. Located less than 30 minutes from the Boone area, and about 45 minutes south of Grayson Highlands State Park or the Virginia Creeper Trail (biking, hiking and horseback riding) the cabin is ideally located to enjoy a vacation year round. Our mountain cabin has river views and is just a five minute walk to the New River and our private riverfront area. The cabin has miles of walking trails – you will feel like you are vacationing in a park. Click here to view more pictures of Above the River. If you enjoy bicycling, hiking, canoeing, tubing, kayaking, fishing, shopping, dining or just plain relaxing, consider Above the River for your next getaway. Cozy enough for two, but large enough to sleep 8, this cabin has 3 bedrooms (king size bed, double bed, 2 twins), 3 baths, and a sleeper sofa. The cabin is beautifully furnished, and features a complete kitchen, stone gas log fireplace, a gas grill, outdoor dining area, hot tub, three televisions (with cable and Netflix), a professional foosball table and air hockey, a family room, a washer and dryer, and assorted games and videos for the family to enjoy. Above the River has a private riverfornt area with benches and a picnic table offering wonderful views of, and access to, the New River. You can sit and watch the river flow by, swim or wade in water, listen the the babbling brook and little waterfall or roast marshmellows in the firepit. Ashe County is home to many parks, including Mount Jefferson, the New River State Park, and the NC gamelands at Three Top Mountain, to name a few. We are very lucky that the Nature Conservancy has worked to preserve thousands of acres, including many of our peaks. Access to the famed Blue Ridge Parkway is just five miles away. If you really need to stay connected to work, email, or just want to be able to surf the web on the deck overlooking the river, we offer a wireless broadband internet connection. Just bring your laptop or tablet and connect! Also, our 1080p HDTV has additonal HDMI or AV hookups for your video gaming system. If you can't find something on cable, play your DVDs or Blue-rays, stream something from our Netflix service, or cast from your phone to chromecast. New: Above the River is pet-friendly! As dog owners ourselves, we know that the river and the trails are a great place to bring your dogs. Well-behaved dogs will now be welcomed to Above the River. We just ask that you are respectful to other guests and the cabin. Please clean up after your pet, wipe them before entering the cabin, and keep them off the furniture and lower-level carpeted areas. Contact our property manager for details. Rates run $185 - $230 a night, or $1,110 - $1,560 per week. Check availability and specific rates on our  Availability page: Check Rates & Availability . For more information, call Judy at 336-246-9216 or 877-601-5020 (toll free) or contact us by email on the Contact page: Contact Us . A 4WD vehicle is recommended in the winter if there is snow or ice on the ground. Cabin Amenities River Views from Cabin Private Riverfront Area Walking Trails 2 Outdoor Firepits Hot Tub Fireplace w/Gas logs 3 bedrooms/3 baths Sleeps 8 w/ sleeper sofa Full Kitchen Washer/Dryer Foosball & Air Hockey Telephone HD Widescreen TV Blue-ray DVD Chromecast & Netflix VHS/DVD & Stereo Wireless Internet Cable TV Service More Cabin Pictures Our Cabin Our Private Riverfront Area Surroundings Winter The Blue Ridge Parkway Foundation Share The Journey Member of Ashe County Chamber of Commerce     ©2018 Coral Bay Consulting - Above the New River Vacation Cabin Rentals, West Jefferson, Ashe County, North Carolina - 877-601-5020. 