Alaska Vacations, Lodges and Tours | Alaska Wildland Adventures Call Us Email Us Find Us Home Blog Photos Videos Facebook Call us! 1-800-334-8730 Call us! 1-800-334-8730 menu Adventures View All Alaska Adventures Once in a Lifetime Adventure Alaska Grand Adventure Alaska Coast to Denali Adventure Ultimate Alaska Adventure Alaska Wildland Collection Wild Alaska Explorer Custom Group Travel Alaska Trip Add Ons Denali Kantishna Explorer Denali Kantishna Adventure Lindblad Expeditions Discovery Voyages Bear Viewing at Katmailand Utqiaqvik (Barrow) Arctic Tour Arctic Ocean Adventure Alaska Lodge Packages Kenai Riverside Lodge Kenai Backcountry Lodge Kenai Fjords Glacier Lodge Kenai Riverside Fishing Lodge-to-Lodge Package - 2 Lodges Lodge-to-Lodge Package - 3 Lodges Dining Activities Fishing Rafting Kayaking Hiking In The Area Kenai National Wildlife Refuge Kenai Fjords National Park Chugach National Forest Denali National Park Arctic Region Inside Passage Alaska Map Prepare to Go Common Questions Alaska Travel Links Helpful Travel Links Packing List Recommended Accommodations Recommended Reading Info for Parents Ask Us a Question Reservations Request a Reservation Package Rates & Info Travel Protection Our Policies Request a Brochure $2 a Day for Conservation Specials About Us The AWA Experience Letter from Kirk Awards Memberships and Affiliations Our Values and Beliefs Guiding Principles Environmental Commitment Financial Contributions Travel Better Partnership Our Team Guides Lodge and Program Managers Home Office More Videos Media News Employment Service, Quality... Passion! Fun for everyone! Relax in wild Alaska A legacy of leading in ecotourism Guided adventuring Adventures Activities Lodge Packages Please Select Organize a special group/multi-generational trip to Alaska Stay at one or more of our Alaska wilderness lodges Travel in a small-group, guided tour Travel to Denali National Park as well as the Kenai Peninsula Travel to other regions of Alaska Request a Brochure Reservation Request Special Offers Email Newsletter Contact Us See Photos and Videos What our clients say... “The service was impeccable, the guides were wonderful, the food was delicious, the cabins were perfect, the wildlife was amazing, and the fellow travelers were delightful!” - Margaret W., San Marcos, TX Welcome to Alaska Wildland Adventures Alaska Wildland Adventures has operated Alaska vacation packages, adventure tours and wilderness lodges for more than 40 years. Founded with the goal of sharing Alaska's wilderness and wildlife with travelers seeking a high-quality, authentic adventure for their vacation, we are proud to continue this tradition as one of Alaska's award-winning leaders in small group Alaska tours. Alaska Wildland Adventures is committed to the values of ecotourism, expressed through our guiding principles . A photo can capture a thousand words, and our brand new videos capture even more! See for yourself the beauty and excitement which awaits when you join an Alaska Wildland Adventures all-inclusive tour or independent lodge-to-lodge vacation! Alaska Adventures: All-Inclusive, Premium Vacations Our Alaska Adventures are all inclusive, small group tours which feature fully guided hiking, rafting, kayaking and relaxing at wilderness lodges on the Kenai Peninsula and in Denali National Park . Featuring trips from 6 to 11 days, we'll find a trip and itinerary that meets your vacation needs and travel style. We'll take care of the details including lodging, transportation, equipment and most dining so that you're able to simply relax and enjoy the surroundings. Alaska Lodge Packages: Build Your Dream Trip Visit one, two or all three of our award-winning eco-lodges on the Kenai Peninsula. Choose from the seacoast paradise Kenai Fjords Glacier Lodge ; the remote Kenai Backcountry Lodge on glacial-carved Skilak Lake; or the Kenai Riverside Lodge located on the banks of the famous Kenai River. Each lodge offers all-inclusive package stays from 2 to 5 nights or more, with flexible departures and customized itineraries that fit your travel style, family needs and budget. Lodge activities may include kayaking, rafting, fishing, hiking and, of course, relaxing in wild Alaska. Fishing Packages & Kenai River Day Trips Interested in trying your hand at world class fishing? Two- to seven-day Alaska fishing packages for rainbow trout, Dolly Varden, and king, silver and sockeye salmon are available with our Kenai Riverside Fishing program at Kenai Riverside Lodge, our original log lodge and cabins surrounded by snow capped mountains and nestled along the banks of the upper Kenai River. Discover why the Kenai River is famous the world over in a day: join Alaska Wildland Adventures for Kenai River rafting and fishing day trips based from our Kenai Riverside Lodge in Cooper Landing, Alaska. Fish for Alaskan salmon, trout and Dolly Varden or experience the mild Class II+ whitewater on a raft trip. Start Planning your 2019 Alaska Vacation Today We provide two easy ways to get our 2019 brochures : PDF download or get a hard copy mailed to you. Please contact us if you need any help in choosing the trip that is right for you. Alaska Wildland Adventures © All Rights Reserved P. O. BOX 389 Girdwood, Alaska 99587 Toll free: 800-334-8730 Fax: 907-783-2130 Privacy Policy  |  Cookie Policy Home Employment Site Map Site Credits www.alaskawildland.com 