Albonée Country Inn and Vineyards 2200 Crenshaw Road Independence MO 64057 Office Phone: 816 220-2820 albonee@netzero.com Albonée Country Inn and Vineyards LLC Albonée Winery Welcome to the Albonée Country Inn and Winery. Fall in love all over again in our peaceful, hillside country estate overlooking the Little Blue Valley in historical Independence, Missouri. Every time you walk through the door you will feel welcome and at home. We are sure you will enjoy your stay with your loved one. The house has a warm comfortable cottage atmosphere with distinctive touches. Our Inn and Winery are centrally located to the best shopping and fine dining in the Kansas City metropolitan area . Just minutes away from both Arrowhead Stadium and Kauffman Stadium . During your stay interests could include visits to the Lewis and Clark exhibit at the National Frontier Trails Museum , the Harry S. Truman Home and Presidential Library , or the new Midwest Geneology Center . Click on pictures below to display slide shows. Bed & Breakfast: interior, exterior and lands. Harvest time at the Vineyards! Rate Information: Master Suite with Private Bath - $125.00 & $115.00 Room with Bath across Hall - $100.00 Children over the age of 13, with additional room purchase. Visa Mastercard Cash Check In: 4:30 PM to 8:00 PM Check Out: 11:00 AM NO PETS Hearty breakfast provided--enjoy our scrumptious Country Inn potatoes No smoking indoors, outside only Hair dryer provided Board games Coffee, tea and soft drinks provided Satellite TV, VCR and old movies NO PETS Bonnie and Al Renner, Inn Keepers 2200 Crenshaw Road Independence MO 64057 Office Phone: 816 220-2820 albonee@netzero.com Points of Interest Historic Independence Square Bingham-Waggoner Estate Vaile Mansion National Frontier Trails Museum Mormon Visitors Center The Midwest Genealogy Center Community of Christ Auditorium 1859 Jail, Marshal's Home & Museum Harry S. Truman Home and Library Country Club Plaza Kauffman Stadium (home of KC Royals baseball ) Arrowhead Stadium (home of Kansas City Chiefs football) Power & Light District and Sprint Center National World War I Museum at Liberty Memorial Nelson-Atkins Museum of Art Historic City Market The Planter's Seed & Spice Company Kansas Speedway Steamboat Arabia Exhibit Little Blue Trace Park & Bicycle Trail Burr Oak Woods Nature Center Worlds of Fun Oceans of Fun Nearby historical towns of Fort Osage , Lexington , and Weston Label Artwork by Jake Greco Favorite Area Restaurants Stroud's Restaurant V's Italiano Ristorante Cafe Verona Ophelia's Restaurant The Court House Exchange The Corner Cafe Smokehouse Bar-B-Que Hereford House Square Pizza Clinton's Soda Fountain Area Wineries (60 mile radius) ALBONÉE WINERY New Oak Vineyards - Wellington, MO Stonehaus Farms Vineyard & Winery - Lee's Summit, MO Holy-Field Vineyard & Winery - Basehor, KS Pirtle Winery - Weston, MO Riverwood Winery - Weston, MO Jowler Creek Vineyard & Winery - Weston, MO Baltimore Bend Vineyard - Waverly, MO Three Trails Winery - Lexington, MO Terre Beau Vineyards & Winery - Lexington, MO View Larger Map Our Inn is the prefect meeting place for old friends. Winery Hours Weekends Only Saturdays 11:00 AM - 5:00 PM Sundays 11:00PM - 5:00 PM Customer Comments: "Romantic & artsy." "Hospitality outstanding." "Relaxing; feels like we are home." "More beautiful than described." Bonnie and Al Renner, Inn Keepers 2200 Crenshaw Road Independence MO 64057 Office Phone: 816 220-2820 albonee@netzero.com All photos and materials copyright 2005-2013, Albonée Country Inn and Vineyards LLC. 