Home +64 7 866 4987 +64 21 404 923 info@parklandplace.co.nz Mon - Sun Home Facilities Accommodation Bookings Gallery Activities Contact Us Enjoy European hospitality in Whitianga's most luxurious Hotel Style Bed & Breakfast. Enjoy European hospitality in Whitianga's most luxurious Hotel Style Bed & Breakfast. At Parkland Place is a large purpose built modern home, situated next to an estuary, scenic reserves and farmland which offer absolute peace and quiet (you may hear waves lapping the beach or birds chirping at sunrise or even sheep and cows but you will not hear road noise), yet only a few minutes stroll to the beach or a five minute drive to Whitianga township.  Enjoy European hospitality in Whitianga's most luxurious Hotel Style Bed & Breakfast. Polish Maria and her Kiwi husband Guy, a Master Mariner, will make your stay welcome and memorable.   All rooms are luxuriously appointed with ensuite, large flat screen tv, clock/radio, writing desk, comfortable seating and quality Rimu furniture.   We now offer an in house professional relaxation massage service including Hot Stone Therapy, Paraffin Wax Hand Treatments and Facial Treatments with Herbal Steam Cleansing. *May not be available during Peak Season   Bliss! Famous Local Attractions At Parkland Place is the perfect base to spend a few days exploring the peninsula. We can also help you book your activities. Hot Water Beach Cathedral Cove The Lost Spring Scenic Boat Cruises Book now and Escape to Paradise Book Now Book now and Escape to Paradise Book Now This is one of the best B & Bs we have ever stayed at in NZ or Australia. The rooms are luxurious and the whole property is very well-designed and has a great feel. The beds are comfortable and everything is immaculately clean. Maria, the host, is superb, with a great sense of humour and is very accommodating. Breakfast is excellent. The house is very quiet. There are lots of special touches to make you feel welcome and like you are being treated. I highly recommend the whole experience at Parklands and we will definitely stay again. *Tripadvisor March 2017 KarlBakerNZ      Home Facilities Accommodation Bookings Gallery Activities Contact Us 14 Parkland Place Brophy's Beach Whitianga 3510 New Zealand Phone: + 64 7 866 4987 Fax: + 64 7 866 4946 Mobile: + 64 21 404 923 Email:  info@parklandplace.co.nz © 2017 At Parkland Place. All Rights Reserved. Website Design By MediaFlair /.body-innerwrapper /.body-innerwrapper Off Canvas Menu Home Facilities Accommodation Bookings Gallery Activities Contact Us /.offcanvas-inner /.offcanvas-menu Google Tag Manager (noscript) End Google Tag Manager (noscript) Preloader Go to top 