Annexe Hotel - Central London - A Central London Hotel Annexe Hotel Annexe Hotel Home BOOK NOW Location Rooms Facilities Gallery Groups Sign In Contact .navigation #masthead Book Direct Now Check In Tonight / Tomorrow night Check Out Guests 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 20+ Save up to 25% and get exclusive discounts when you book direct ! Central Location Fans of the British family are in their element when they stay at our hotel in Victoria, London. The Queen’s home, Buckingham Palace is within walking distance, as is Westminster Abbey where Kate Middleton and Prince William wed. You’ll find Westminster Cathedral, Tate Britain and the River Thames close by too. More Comfortable rooms Single, double and twin rooms with access to shared bathroom facilities will help keep costs down, while single, double, twin, triple and quad rooms en-suite will provide you with the privacy of your own bathroom. You’ll have a TV, fridge and tea and coffee making facilities in your room. More Lowest Price Guaranteed Book here on our official website for peace of mind that you're getting the best possible deal. Thanks to our Lowest Price Guarantee you can rest assured that you'll pay the cheapest rate possible. Book to secure your savings today! BOOK NOW Special Offer Book now for exclusive discounted online rates. Whether you're making a last minute booking or a long stay reservation, we have a discount for you! Book through our secure website for instant confirmation. Then use our online portal to view, modify or cancel your booking. Latest Offers Our Facilities Include Free Wifi Free Continental Breakfast Tv in Room Tourist Information 24 Hour Reception Fridge in rooms Luggage Storage Annexe Hotel Annexe Hotel is a bed and breakfast in Victoria, London near famous landmarks and excellent transport links. Our cheap hotel near Victoria Station is in such a convenient location to explore the capital and further afield. We offer plenty of included extras too, like a free continental breakfast and free WiFi . Enjoy your morning meal at our BnB in Victoria and then head out into the local area. You could spend the day visiting Royal attractions, including the Queens Gallery , Buckingham Palace and the Royal Mews . Take a longer stroll down to the River Thames and stop off at Tate Britain for stunning artwork, before following the banks of the River all the way to the Houses of Parliament and Big Ben . You can get to these sights via public transport too, as our B and B in Victoria is just a short walk from Victoria Underground Station and Bus Station. If you want to head even further afield, you’ll find it convenient that our cheap hotel is near Victoria Coach Station too. The tube will take you across the capital, whether you want to head north to Oxford Circus’ shops, south to Brixton’s live music venues, east to The City’s financial institutions, or west to Chelsea and Kensington’s museums and smart shops. Whatever your budget, you’ll find a room to suit at Annexe Hotel. Single, double and twin rooms with access to shared bathroom facilities will help keep costs down, while single, double, twin, triple and quad rooms en-suite will provide you with the privacy of your own bathroom. You’ll have a fridge and tea and coffee making facilities in your room, and you can unwind in front of your TV after a busy day. Our staff on the 24-hour reception are happy to help at any time of day. If you arrive before check-in they’ll be happy to store your luggage for you in the breakfast room, or keep it there after you check out should you have a few hours spare to continue to enjoy the city. Here at Annexe Hotel we have many repeat guests, and we’re looking forward to welcoming you too! Book now and enjoy exclusive discounted rates on this, our official site. .entry-content Read more #post Gallery View Map Reception at Annexe Hotel Quad Room at Annexe Hotel Family room at Annexe Hotel Quad Room at Annexe Hotel 5 Person room at Annexe Hotel Single room at Annexe Hotel Twin room at Annexe Hotel Double room at Annexe Hotel A typical double room at Annexe Hotel A typical room at Annexe Hotel Breakfast room at Annexe Hotel Breakfast at Annexe Hotel Why Book Direct? Best Rates Direct Best Rooms Direct Book Direct Now Check In Tonight / Tomorrow night Check Out Guests 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 20+ Best rates direct Book Direct Now: Lowest prices; Instant confirmation Your direct prices include Direct Discounts, Early Bird Discounts, Last Minute Discounts, Long Stay Discounts, Sunday Saver Discounts, Loyalty Discounts. Address 34 Hugh Street , London , SW1V 1RP . Bookings 020 3696 0215 Bookings International +442036960215 Quick Links Home My Account Our Location Get in touch Privacy Policy Sitemap #colophon #main .wrapper Home BOOK NOW Location Rooms Facilities Gallery Groups Sign In Contact #page 