 Adriagate - Specialist for vacation in Croatia Google Tag Manager This will target IE>=9 and other browsers, and IE<9 will ignore the content. http://stackoverflow.com/questions/13265410/html-if-not-ie-8-or-lower End Google Tag Manager Select date OK  Menu My account Login Traveler Login Owner login Adriagate Loyalty About us Employment Affiliate program B2B partners  Customer service  Change language        Vítejte       Willkommen       Welcome       Bienvenue       Dobrodošli       Üdvözöljük       Benvenuti       Welkom       Witamy       Пpивeтcтвиe       Vitajte       Dobrodošli       Välkomna  EUR  HRK EUR USD CHF HUF GBP CAD CZK PLN SEK NOK DKK AUD Accommodation   Private accommodation in Croatia  Luxury villas  Beachfront accommodation  Authentic accommodation  Top accommodation  Hot deals & special offers Remote cottages Accommodation with pool Holiday homes Last minute Lighthouses Croatia Top apartments in Croatia   Apartments Vodice   Apartments Pag   Apartments Rogoznica   Apartments Makarska   Apartments Medulin   Apartments Rovinj   Apartments Pula   Apartments Hvar   Apartments Biograd   Apartments Okrug Gornji Destinations   Rivieras  Islands in Croatia  Beaches Croatia  National parks  UNESCO heritage  Croatia tourist guide Istria Kvarner Dalmatia Plitvice lakes Sandy beaches   Vodice   Primošten   Rogoznica   Baska - island Krk   Crikvenica   Silo - island Krk   Krk - island Krk   Dramalj (Crikvenica)   Makarska   Malinska - island Krk Cruises  Rent a car  Travel Services   Unique tours  Transfers  Ferry tickets   My favorites Cruises Croatia Treat yourself to a dream vacation and go to the seven-day adventure of getting to know the Croatian coast and its 1000 islands waiting for you to explore them. Let your pleasure take you. Experience all the charms of a vacation on a wooden sailboat - absorb hot sun rays, feel the smell of sea and salt and enjoy the spectacular sunsets on the sailboat. Discover all the pearls of the Adriatic, get many friendships and make your vacation unforgettable. See more Do you enjoy being isolated? Get away from the everyday life in remote cottages Get away from the everyday stress and worry and spend a well-deserved vacation in an authentic house on secluded islands on the Adriatic Sea islands. Remoted cottages are truly private and peaceful oasis accompanied with the sounds of crickets and sea waves. Break the monotonous everyday life, indulge in nature, live like Robinson Crusoe for a week and fill your batteries! Catch your lunch, explore untouched surroundings and swim in the crystal-clear sea away from the curious eye of the public. A vacation in remoted cottages is an unforgettable experience you will be able to talk about for a long time! See more Stone houses in Croatia The culture and tradition of building stone houses across the Adriatic coast is what makes Croatia special, and a holiday in an authentic stone house is a special experience you could have by choosing this type of accommodation. From our rich offer of stone houses, choose an ideal house with stone courtyards full of fragrant flowers by the sea or in a secluded area and get to experience the true Mediterranean atmosphere. The beauty of original Croatian accommodation in the seaside will surely leave you breathless! See more Lighthouses - a unique place to stay Along the Adriatic coast, from Istria to Dubrovnik, located on the harshest cliffs, lighthouses keep the sea entrance to the most famous Croatian destinations. Whether you want to experience a unique holiday in the magical setting of authentic lighthouses, wake up with the sounds of seagulls and scents of salt and lay down watching romantic sunsets, a vacation in a lighthouse is ideal for you! Get away from the hustle and bustle of tourist centers to an interesting scenario, indulge in nature and learn more about the history and legends of lighthouses in Croatia. See more Croatia apartment and houses with swimming pool Forget all your worries and enjoy the relaxing atmosphere that can only be achieved on the Mediterranean coast, with the comfort and luxury of apartments and houses with a pool. Whether you want to spend your vacation somewhere isolated, in the continent or at the coast, an accommodation with a pool will provide you an opportunity to spend unforgettable moments with your loved ones. Do summer activities by the pool with good company and a sea view sound interesting to you? Check out our top apartments and houses with pools and find the ideal one for yourself! See more Where? Check in Check out Adults 18+ 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 Children 0-17 0 1 2 3 4 5 Date, hour and minutes of pick-up: 00 01 02 03 04 05 06 07 08 09 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 00 15 30 45 Date, hour and minutes of drop-off: 00 01 02 03 04 05 06 07 08 09 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 00 15 30 45 Search accommodation Date is not valid! Select dates and the number of persons! Your local holiday specialist since 2001 More than 200 000 satisfied guests Quality trust Working directly with Home owners Adriatic coast offices Split, Rogoznica, Vodice, Vrboska, Trogir, Omis, Primosten, Tucepi Rent unique accommodation in Croatia Read hundreds of real comments Apartments Katica naslov smještaja treba biti i link na taj smještaj 4.6  / 5 "The place is nice, you have a big balcony where you can drink your coffee in the morning, with very clean rooms, and a decent park..." Dorian ,  Romania 05/09/2017 Looking for a room, apartment, vacation house or villa by the sea? From our rich offer of seafront accommodation, choose an ideal one for yourself and spend an unforgettable vacation on the Adriatic coast with your loved ones! Enjoy summer activities at nearby beaches while the warm sun caresses your body. Accommodation near the sea in Croatia From the magical Istria to the world-famous Dubrovnik, Adriagate.com offers more than 300 villas for your ideal vacation. Stone villas in Istria that are decorated with traditional charm, or modern villas located along the Adriatic coast – the choice is yours. Beautiful luxury villas in Croatia Go on a seven-day adventure to get to know the Adriatic coast and enjoy a unique holiday! Cruise on a wooden sailing boat along the coast, discover the top tourist destinations, meet new friends, swim in the crystal-clear sea of hidden coves and enjoy the spectacular dawns and sunsets. Choose a cruise on the Adriatic and make your vacation unforgettable. Cruises Croatia Seven days of holiday cruising on the Adriatic on a luxury ship sounds interesting? Do not miss the opportunity to get to know the pearls of the Adriatic, coastal towns and islands, while enjoying your sea adventure. Cruises Delux Croatia Looking to rent a car in Croatia? Rent a car Split Rent a car Zadar Rent a car Dubrovnik Rent a car Zagreb Party and nightlife Split Ultra Tisno Garden Novalja Hideout Cruises Young & Fun Dalmatia accommodation Split riviera Sibenik Riviera Dubrovnik riviera Makarska riviera Tourist guide Croatia islands Dalmatia Beach guide National parks   Customer service   Telephone: +385 21 271 870   Working hours: Monday-Friday 08:00 - 20:00 h Saturday 09:00 - 19:00 h Sunday 14:00 - 19:00 h <i class="icon-email orange"></i>&nbsp;mail:&nbsp;<a href="mailto:info@adriagate.com">info@adriagate.com</a> Address: Split, Vukovarska 156   Croatia Our customer service is at Your disposal Why Adriagate.com? Spend a carefree vacation in Croatia with Adriagate.com! Adriagate.com has been your best partner for a vacation on the coast and islands in Croatia for the last 18 years. From the central office in Split and six outlets located in Vodice, Rogoznica, Primošten, Omiš, Tučepi and Vrboska on the island of Hvar, Adriagate.com offers full customer support to all guests 7 days a week in several world languages. Fully aware of the importance of your vacation, our team of professionals actively takes care of the overall planning and realization of your journey. Using a personalized approach, we want to make sure each guest finds the ideal accommodation, and with quick tips and recommendations we try to enrich your stay in Croatia. Allow Adriagate.com experts who understand your wishes and will be happy to help you achieve an unforgettable holiday to take care of planning your vacation. Regardless of whether you want to spend your vacation at the sea or in the center of a city, in secluded Mediterranean and stone houses or idyllic villas located in green Istria,you will surely be able to find the best accommodation for yourself and your family from our rich offer! Visit the top destinations in Croatia everyone keeps talking about such as Dubrovnik, Split, Vodice, Rogoznica, Rovinj or Crikvenica! Should you want to spend a romantic holiday far away from the public eye, book accommodation in our lighthouses and enjoy the sea view. Choose your ideal cruise and get to know the most beautiful cities and islands on the Adriatic coast. Use search engines and filters to search for accommodation in Dalmatia, Istria or Kvarner that suits your needs and leave the rest on us. Show us your confidence and spend an unforgettable vacation in Croatia! E-news   Get to know Croatia through our bloggers fascinating stories!  Book & Save up to 150€  No booking fees  Money back guarantee  Pay upon arrival  Real guest reviews Adriagate.com - All rights reserved © 2019 Vukovarska 156, Split - Croatia   Working hours: Monday-Friday 08:00 - 20:00 h Saturday 09:00 - 19:00 h Sunday 14:00 - 19:00 h <i class="icon-email orange"></i>&nbsp;mail:&nbsp;<a href="mailto:info@adriagate.com">info@adriagate.com</a> Follow us: <li><a class="gray" href="https://plus.google.com/109341560671715857502" target="_blank" rel="publisher" ><i class="icon-google-plus icon-2x social-footer" style="color: #dd4b39;"></i></a></li> Support    FAQ    General terms    Privacy Policy    Methods of payment    How to book Partner services    Cooperation with the owners   Affiliate program    B2B partners Adriagate loyalty Adriagate loyalty Gift voucher Quality guarantee Secure payment Members of The best of Croatia delivered to your inbox! Subscribe Thank You! Incorrect e-mail address!  Back to Top kraj mastera 