 | Vacation by Owner Cabin Rentals wrapper div starts here header div starts here   Call Us: 800-397-4343  •  Click to Email Us header div ends here Menu starts here Home Our Cabins Rates & Specials Rental Policies Travel Blog Vacation Guide Video Map and Directions Contact Us Menu ends here Banner starts here   "Fall" In Love In The Smokies Relax and Unwind Each of our cabins offers a warm and relaxing hot tub on the deck. 1 Bedroom Mountain Cabins Get a great night's sleep in a comfortable King-sized bed. Fall Colors in the Smokies The Great Smoky Mountains fall color season lasts throughout October and into November. See Wildlife Our cabins give you an excellent opportunity to see wildlife! Views for Every Season Every season in the Smokies offers beautiful views... and every view is beautiful! Prev Next Banner ends here Why Choose Us? Views 1 Our Gatlinburg Cabin Rentals offer truly amazing mountain views. Sit in a rocking chair and enjoy the view. Secluded 2 Autumn Ridge Cabin Rentals are close to all the action but very private and secluded. Amenities 3 Our rustic cabins offer full kitchens, fireplaces, jacuzzi and a hot tub with an amazing view. Family 4 We are a family owned business that wants to help you make your vacation a success. home-our-works div ends here Content div starts here Vacation Cabins by Owner near Pigeon Forge and Gatlinburg TN Autumn Ridge Vacation Cabins delivers on the decades-old Pigeon Forge and Gatlinburg TN promise of a warm, cozy, and genuine Smoky Mountain cabin experience for our guests. Our cabins are all about…. well, we will let you discover that shortly…. just keep reading. Autumn Ridge Vacation Cabin Rentals is unique in the sense that is has 6 cabins situated on 7.8 acres, so that you as a visitor can experience the mountains in a tranquil private setting as the first visitors had. Our as-advertised hand crafted cabins are exactly that! Each 1950′s inspired cabin was built by family members for the purpose of preserving our Appalachian Smoky Mountain culture and to provide a legacy for their children, grandchildren, and great grandchildren to come. In fact, three of our cabins bear the names of grandchildren! Grandpa Bill not only made the front doors for each cabin but all of the kitchen cabinets, too! Each board was hand-picked, each joint expertly crafted, and each nail or screw strategically placed, just so you, our guest, would feel special each time you visited. In each cabin you will find a vintage photograph of our original family members, Sallie and Obie Greene, who settled here in the Great Smoky Mountains in the 1880′s. We hope you will take the time to notice their expression of joy and true love as they stare at each other, oblivious to the camera and the outside world. We are proud to say this legacy of love has certainly been passed down through the last four (so far!) generations. Autumn Ridge Vacation Rentals PO Box 104, Gatlinburg TN 37738 (865) 436-4111  |  ( 800) 397-4343 Content div ends here quick-contact div starts here footer div starts here footer-info div starts here Blog Explore Home Map and Directions Our Cabins Policies Rates and Specials Reservations Request Smoky Mountain Guide Video 2013-2017 Autumn Ridge Rentals footer-info div ends here footer div ends here wrapper div ends here 