Adventure Holidays Company - A kenya Tour and Safari Operator and Mount Kenya specialist. - Home         Home Tours and Safaris Kenya Tours and Safari Tanzania Tours and Safari Uganda Tours and Safari Rwanda Tours and Safari Mountain treks Mount Kenya Mount Kenya Trips Mount kilimanjaro Trips Aberdare Hiking expedition Mountaineering Gear and Equipment Tailor-made and Private Safaris Why Adventure Holidays Contact Us Welcome to our website... Adventure Holidays Company is a Kenya based safari & tour operator, specialized in interactive & personalized Wildlife safaris and professionally guided mountain climbing safaris that are memorable and affordable. We aim to ensure that every trip we operate has some benefits to the local communities and encourage conservation, hence sustainable tourism.  Mount Kenya is the only snowcap mountain that straddles the equator. It is also the second highest mountain in Africa. The mountain is regarded as being among the most beautiful volcanic mountain with eye catching undulating and awe-inspiring sceneries.   Safari with us allows you to go to places where few other travellers have been before. It allows you to meet authentic tribes and view incredible landscapes. Photo Gallery C lick here to see more Photos >> Member Of: <div id="searchbox"><h3>AjaxSearch error: AS_landing parameter has been renamed landingPage. Read ajaxSearch_version_193.txt file.</h3></div> Nairobi time Nairobi Time: end of Nairobi time Enquire Now   Name: * Email: * Country: * Afghanistan Albania Algeria Andorra Angola Antigua & Deps Argentina Armenia Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia Herzegovina Botswana Brazil Brunei Bulgaria Burkina Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Central African Rep Chad Chile China Colombia Comoros Congo Congo {Democratic Rep} Costa Rica Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic East Timor Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Fiji Finland France Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Greece Grenada Guatemala Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Honduras Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland {Republic} Israel Italy Ivory Coast Jamaica Japan Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea North Korea South Kosovo Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macedonia Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Mauritania Mauritius Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Morocco Mozambique Myanmar, {Burma} Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Poland Portugal Qatar Romania Russian Federation Rwanda St Kitts & Nevis St Lucia Saint Vincent & the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome & Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Sudan Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syria Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Togo Tonga Trinidad & Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City Venezuela Vietnam Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Tel No:  Enquiry: *   About Us With over 12 Years experience and still counting, we have thrived in a very competitive market through our efficient handling of travelers. Adventure Holidays team are all Kenyan born and bred, we bring a life times experience and understanding of operating; seamless, memorable, personalized and affordable safaris while maintaining the highest possible standards of service and quality. We specialize in  tailor-made and private safaris.  This is more rewarding as it give you the flexibility on when to travel and the opportunity of spending more or less time at a destination based on personal preference.  Our team of experienced Safari professionals will be glad to answer any question you may have and to make the individual travel arrangements necessary for the African Safari you want. More Frequently Ask Questions Here we answer some general questions commonly asked before a safari. How much does it cost to go on a safari? Most of the Kenya safaris we organize for our clients are customized to their individual interests, timeframe and budget. The rates for the destinations we offer cover a wide range and typically vary significantly from the “high season”  to the “low season".  We encourage you to contact us for a quotation; we will be delighted assist you in planning an amazing and a memorable  holiday. We welcome all enquires. What is the best safari time to travel? All Kenya parks have great sightings all year round,.....   more Special Offers An African dream safari guaranteeing an awesome experience as you explore beautiful environments and interesting cultures to be found along the Rift Valley combined with game viewing around the finest parks in Kenya.  Itinerary outline Day 1:  Flight - Nairobi.  Day 2:   Nairobi – Lake Nakuru park. Day 3:  Nakuru – Lake Naivasha. Day 4:  Lake Naivasha – Loita - Masai mara.   Day 5:  Full day masai mara. Day 6:  Masai mara – Nairobi.         Place this tag where you want the +1 button to render Place this render call where appropriate About Kenya Visa Terms And Conditions Safari Destinations Accomodation Map of  East Africa Planning & packing for your Safari to Africa. Safari photos. What we do. Feedback from past clients . Our Team. Contact us. ©Copyright 2016. Adventure Holidays Co. All Rights Reserved.         