Seward Alaska Cabins | Seward Cabin Rentals | A Cabin on a Cliff Seward Alaska Lodging "A Cabin on the Cliff "   Cabin Details and Pricing   Reservations   Create life long memories at our rustic Seward trappers cabin that has been refurbished to romantic elegance. Enjoy spectacular views of Seward Alaska's Resurrection Bay and Chugach Mountains from your private hot tub located on a spacious deck while barbequing your fresh caught seafood on the barbeque.  Open Year Round! Experience the charm and simple elegance of frontier living in a log cabin without forfeiting the comfort to which you've become accustomed! Romantic getaway?  Winding-down after pursuing that trophy-size Salmon or Halibut?   Your one-of-a-kind lodging, "A Cabin On the Cliff" will provide the perfect atmosphere for your stay! The cabin is located on the cliff at the Northern Edge of Mt. Marathon's base and overlooks Resurrection Bay and the harbor of downtown Seward.  Seward Alaska is a place of great natural beauty and bounty. You will see it all from your lodging on the cliff!  There's a great variety of plants and animals and it's an excellent location for wildlife photography. Among the wildlife which can be viewed in and around "A Cabin on a Cliff" are Bald Eagles, Belted Kingfishers, Ravens, Gluacous Winged Gulls, Land Otters and a variety of Ducks. If you are lucky you will witness a duel of the species, as ravens, eagles and gulls battle over a tasty tidbit! Growing along the edges of the the Lagoon are Cow Parsnip, Lupine and the bright pink Alaskan beauty, Fireweed.   We invite you to visit another Place to Stay in Seward: Visit Eshamy Bay Lodge in Prince William Sound Seward Cabins A Cabin on the Cliff P.O. Box 2288 Seward , 1104 Hulm Lane , AK 99664 Telephone: (907) 224-2411 or Toll Free 800-440-2444 e-mail: click here to email A Cabin on the Cliff Alaskan Family owned and operated Seward Cabins. We aim to stand apart from all Seward cabins and lodging establishments thanks to the dedication of our staff. A Cabin on the Cliff on the Kenai Peninsula , Seward, Alaska , USA Seward Cabins - Seward Lodging Visit our Other Websites: Hotel Seward | Prince William Sound Adventures | A Cabin on the Cliff | Eshamy Bay Lodge   