Bed and Breakfast Riverside Accommodation in York - Abbey Guest House Global site tag (gtag.js) - Google Analytics 01904 627782 Book Menu Bed Breakfast Info Celebrate Gallery Contact Offers Scroll down to content #site-navigation Peaceful riverside accommodation in the heart of York Book Bed and Breakfast at the Abbey Guest House combines modern convenience with period charm. Ideal for couples, it’s the perfect place to stay when exploring York. Thank you so much for providing for such a wonderful stay Everything was perfect from your hospitality, location, accommodations and breakfast. York was terrific and it literally started and ended with you. We loved your charming house, the ease of walking to and from the train station and town; and the lovely river view. Thank you!! Lovely home... ...gracious and very friendly hostess, great location, delicious food, good beds, big, fluffy towels! I would love to come back. Thank you, Jane and Kingsley! The ideal place to stay in York The front garden is right on the river walkway so you can sit out, sip your tea and watch the people walk by and the boats sail along. A very short walk will get you to a variety of restaurants or cafes and a number of local attractions. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay! Very friendly and informative hosts. The English breakfast was delicious and fueled our day. The beds enveloped us in comfort and warmth. The location is a 5 minute walk to the city centre. Can't wait for next year Jane and Kingsley are the perfect hosts. Very friendly and make our stay something we look forward to every year. Lovely location overlooking the river, an English breakfast to die for and walking distance from all the main attractions. more reviews Bed Relax in our comfortable bedrooms, Refresh in our well-appointed bathrooms Read More Book Breakfast Get your day off to a great start with our delicious breakfast, served in our sunny breakfast room overlooking the river Read More Book 13/14 Earlsborough Terrace, Marygate, York, YO30 7BQ United Kingdom +44 (0)1904 627782 info@abbeyguesthouseyork.co.uk Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you’re happy to continue, please click ‘ok’ to confirm. Ok Privacy Policy 