Trekking in Nepal 2019 and 2020, Everest Base Camp Trekking, Everest Base Camp Trek, Trek to Everest Base Camp, Everest Base Camp Treks, Everest Trekking [if lt IE 9]> <script src="http://html5shiv.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/html5.js"></script> <![endif] Trekking in Nepal with Adventure Treks Nepal..... HEADER TOP NAV Navigation Home Nepal Tibet Bhutan Sikkim About us Annapurna Base Camp Trek Everest Base Camp Trek Testimonials FAQ Contact us Mardi Himal Trek Welcome to Adventure Treks Nepal Dear Travelers / Tour operators, Namaste and many greetings from Nepal. Adventure Treks Nepal (P.) Ltd. , (Recommended by Lonely Planet (7th Edition, Page no 328, 8th Edition Page no: 333 Date: Sep 2009, 9th Edition Page no: 32, Published Date: 5th July 2012, 10th Edition Page no: 35, Published Date: Dec 2015 , 11th Edition Page no: 35, Published Date: July 2018 and Trekking in the Himalaya 9th Edition Page no: 27, Published Date: August 2009 and 10th Edition. Page no: 30 Published Date: Jan 2016 ) is privately owned and Government registered (Family Adventure Trekking and Travel Company in Nepal) . We have been providing quality travel services for over Two decade. We provide travel booking services and we specialize in escorted tours and treks. We pride ourselves on our flexibility in arranging tours to meet your individual needs. Our knowledge of the history, religion, culture , economy and politics combined with our our Guides. We also hold an active membership of Trekking Agencies's Association of Nepal (TAAN), Nepal Mountaineering Association (NMA) , Company Registrar (Ministry of Industry), Cottage of Small Industry, Ministry of Tourism & Civil Aviation, Department of Tax, Foreign Currency Exchange, Himalayan General Insurance co. Ltd.(Insurance for Staffs) and Thamel Tourism Development Council. Why to Trek in Nepal with Adventure Treks? We design tailor-made active travel experiences in wild and wonderful destinations in a manner that is organised, safe and without losing its sense of freedom. We are for the adventurous and fun. It is about self discovery and removing ourselves from the annoyances of daily life and embarking on a journey that may change us forever. We are happy to say that we Adventure Treks is a reputed adventure travel, tour and trekking operator, registered and licensed by government of Nepal. Our trips are designed for everyone, for clients of all ages and level of experience. We are local and we personally operate each trip to ensure a reasonable cost and best value. Your safety, comfort and satisfaction are upmost in our priority. We are dedicated to make your holiday with us, a memorable one. Read more + Manaslu Trekking 18 Days Manaslu lies just east of the famed Annapurna Region and shares a border with its northern neighbor, Tibet. Manaslu's unsurpassed beauty and rich blend of Tibetan and Nepali cultures offer the dedicated... Annapurna Family Trekking 14 Days Family Trekking is one of the classic Himalayan trekking regions, the Annapurnas provide everything a mountain trekker could ask for at lower altitudes than Everest area treks. Its name is indicative of its natural serenity..... Everest Base Camp Helicopter Tours Adventure Treks Nepal operating and coordinating helicopter tour to Mt. Everest base camp day tour since since 2000. We are specialized in rescue and evacuation services but also offer normal charter flights, pilgrimage tours and helicopter trekking......... Beauty of Nepal Tour 12 Days The "Beauty of Nepal Cultural Tour" insight Hindu and Buddhist culture 12-day break where we discover all UNESCO World Heritage sites around Kathmandu Relaxing jungle safari at Chitwan. When you visit Nepal, be sure to check out Natural Beauty Tour 07 Days This tour offers you an excellent oppurtunity to explore the cultural site of Kathmandu, the peaceful Pokhara along with gentle morning trek from Nagarkot. We will enjoy the cultural marvel and discover ancient Hindu .. Nepal Wonder Tour 08 Days Nepal is a beautiful country with so many different places to visit. If you are the type of person who loves to see as much as they can during a holiday, while still getting a chance to really relax then this tour may Magnificent Nepal Tour 05 Days Visit Patan City second largest city of valley including Royal Palace, Bhimsen temple, Manga Hiti, King Yogaendra Malla's Statue, Krishna temple, Taleju temple 15th century Golden Temple and Mahaboudha Temple known as temple of 10,000 Buddha, Tibet Overland Tour 14 Days Kathmandu Lhasa Overland Tour drives overland from Kathmandu to Lhasa across the Himalayas by way of the incredible KYIRUNG Highway that connects Nepal with Tibet. Enjoy fabulous mountain scenery enrooted, visit mystical Buddhist monasteries of ... Tibet Everest Base Camp 16 Days The Tibet with Mount Everest Base Camp Tour is a very comprehensive tour of Tibet with visits to the cultural, historic and natural attractions of Tibet. The tour includes all the important places of interest in central amd south Tibet including a all the important places of interest in central & south Tibet ASIDE NAV AND CONTENT CONTENT ASIDE NAV Travel Activities Annapurna Trekking Everest Trekking Langtang Trekking Restricted Area Trek Peak Climbing in Nepal Rafting in Nepal Wildlife safari in Nepal Cultural Tours in Nepal Kathmandu Hiking- Single Day Tour Single day private tour to hike around Kathmandu valley is perfect for those who are looking for a taste of short trekking trips in Nepal. Trekking in Nepal Nepal is well known as one of the best destinations in the world for enjoying the real beauty of nature through trekking. The trail into the interior parts of the country follows ancient foot-trails which meander through scenic river-banks, intricately terraced fields and the forested ridges connecting picturesque hamlets and mountain villages. Trekkers can walk along the rough but beautiful trails or virgin tracks in the lap of green and friendly looking hills. The rhododendron-filled, green, dark and deep forests with different seasonal flowers blossoming can catch anyone's eye as can the scattered residential cottages, domestic and forest animals, variety of birds, both Hindus and Buddhist temples, mountains, breath-taking landscape, and above all warm greeting from smiling local people. The highly developed and well-defined trails have been used for centuries.   Best season to Trek in Nepal Trekking in Nepal is an all season activity. It is possible at any time of the year depending on where one wishes to go. However, the most popular season are spring (February - May ) and autumn (September-Decamber). Even during the monsoon season (June- August), you can trek in the rain- shadow areas north of the Himalaya like Mustang, Upper Manang and Dolpo.   We are socially responsible We are responsible to the environment, to our local community as well as our own crew. Thus we are environmentally aware and socially responsible thus we spare certain percent of our profit to the charity. We work directly with the local communities to find lasting solutions. The organization if fully dedicated to bring the necessary changes in the educational standard of the country whilst providing necessary support in this sector. WE ARE RECOMMNEDED BY We are recommended by Lonely Planet ( 7th Edition , Page no 328, 8th Edition Page no: 333, Published Date: Sep 2009, 9th Edition Page no: 32, Published Date: 5th July 2012, 10th Edition Page no: 35, Published Date: Dec 2015, 11th Edition , Page no: 35, Published Date: July 2018 & Trekking in the Himalaya 9th Edition Page no: 27, Published Date: August 2009 and 10th Edition . Page no: 30 Published Date: Jan 2016). tripadvisor Excellence Awards GALLERY CAROUSEL   Featured Trips Annapurna Basecamp Trekking Walking north from Pokhara - a beautiful mountain city, for a different experience in this most popular trekking destination in the country. Annapurna Circuit Trekking towards the highest peak in the world, home of Sherpa people and the mysterious Yeti, is one of the most thrilling adventure. Ghorepani Poonhill Trekking Ghorepani Poonhill trekking is a colorful short foray into the Annapurna region. The trail winds through patchwork valleys, dense mossy... Langtang Valley Trekking Langtang Valley Trekking Commence with an overland journey to Sabru bensi, the main trading post of the area. From here we spend four days... Everest Base Camp Trekking Everest Base Camp trek is very famous trekking route in the world, and this is a once in a lifetime opportunity to see some of the most breathtaking... Glimpse of Everest Trekking Tengpoche Trekking is an easier option than the full Everest trek with the highest point reached being the Buddhist monastery of Tengpoche... FOOTER © Since 2000 AD, Adventure Treks Nepal (P) Ltd. | Travel Blog | OPEN Foundation Nepal All Rights Reserved Design by: NepalMedia   