Apple Motor Inn - Hastings Budget Motel, New Zealand Headerwrapper Start Headerleft Start Headerleft End Header Right Start Freephone: 0800 277 530 BOOK ONLINE Header Right End Show Menu Home Accommodation Activities Reviews Book Online Contact Us Slider Start Accommodation Activities Slider End Welcome to The Apple Motor Inn — Affordable Motel in Central Hastings Content start Within short walking distance of the cafés, restaurants and beautiful architecture of central Hastings, Apple Motor Inn offers friendly, comfortable, clean, budget accommodation to all of those visiting the beautiful Hawke's Bay Region. With budget studios to 2-bedroom family units, this self-rated, 3-star motel is perfect for couples and families. We also cater for larger groups, such as sports teams, large family groups and school trips. We have a variety of Accommodation available to suit all needs. Please phone for a friendly no obligation quotation. With a swimming pool, children's play area, outdoor BBQ and dining area, WiFi, guaranteed off-street parking and laundry services available to our guests, we look forward to welcoming you to the Apple Motor Inn. Located on Railway Road, next to the Hastings Racecourse, Hastings Sports Centre and close proximity to Splash Planet and other local attractions , Apple Motor Inn is brilliantly located and easily accessible from State Highway 2. Apple Motor Inn Image Gallery Reviews Took the family to Splash planet for the weekend and stayed at this motel. It was clean, tidy and friendly staff. I had no complaints or concerns. On site swimming pool was great for the kids and easy walk to town. Liz S (Trip Advisor) The location is brillant. Owners are very obilging in making our stay an excellent experience. Also great place as pet friendly,and theres a grassy area at the back of the motel units,for exercing and toileting animals. Teresa (Booking.com) We were there for the Battle for Life. We got treated very well. The owners/Managers were very receptive to our needs as we had a big number of family that stayed there. They offered us there meeting room so that we could meet and socialize without the hassle of going into town. It was a very good stay. Thank you. Chris and Mel (Booking.com) Very friendly staff and helped to meet our expectations. Family with young kids Very welcoming and informative given that it was my first trip to Hastings, a positive experience. Very handy to all amenities in Hastings and easy to get in and out of in a vehicle. Solo traveller Contact Us Apple Motor Inn 409 Railway Road, Hastings, New Zealand +64 6 878 6149 stay@applemotorinn.co.nz reservation freephone 0800 277 530 BOOK ONLINE ENQUIRE By accessing and/or using this code snippet, you agree to AccuWeather&rsquo;s terms and conditions (in English) which can be found at https://www.accuweather.com/en/free-weather-widgets/terms and AccuWeather&rsquo;s Privacy Statement (in English) which can be found at https://www.accuweather.com/en/privacy. Apple Motor Inn 409 Railway Road , Hastings , New Zealand Phone: +64 6 878 6149 , Freephone: 0800 277 530 Email: stay@applemotorinn.co.nz BOOK ONLINE Home | Accommodation | Activities | Reviews | Book Online | Contact Us Copyright © Apple Motor Inn Website designed and powered by AA Web Builders jQuery Fotorama Mobile Nav Select Pop-up Windows 