Alpen Rose Inn Leavenworth Washington Hotel and Lodging Skip to main content .btn-navbar is used as the toggle for collapsed navbar content Toggle navigation Home Rooms The Inn Weddings & Meetings Contact Book Now /#page-header The little Inn you’ll never forget A romantic, quiet, relaxing Inn located in Leavenworth, WA with fireplace and spa rooms, hot tub and seasonal pool. Full breakfast and evening dessert served daily. 15 rooms as well as condos ranging in size from 1 to 4 bedrooms to accommodate larger groups. Our Inn has the amenities of a Bed and Breakfast with the privacy of a small Hotel including in-room fireplaces, in-room spas, outdoor hot tub, outdoor heated pool in a garden setting and complimentary movies and internet Wi-Fi access. We strive to surpass hotel lodging and accommodations and be your romantic getaway or relaxing vacation home away from home. The Alpen Rose Inn and Stevens Pass have partnered on discounted room rates and lift tickets for the 2019 ski season.  Check out the Stevens Pass website for more information. Book a Ski/Ride Package with us and receive a VIP card and discounted Stevens Pass lift tickets! View the Ski/Ride Pacakage and VIP card details here . BOOK NOW In unserem Hotel können Sie immer das tun, was Sie möchten. Wenn Sie gerne spielen, empfehlen wir Ihnen das Spieleportal AustriaWin24 zu nutzen, das Ihnen bei der Wahl des besten Online-Casinos für Österreich helfen wird. *Please indicate in the guest comments section that you are booking a Ski and Stay Program. What's New... Come Celebrate With Us! Washington State Autumn Leaf Festival September 28th, 2019 Our very own hometown Celebration, Parade, Food Booths, Entertainment, Games & More Plan for your stay now! Details 1st three Fridays & Saturdays in October Leavenworth Oktoberfest Authentic German food, beer, music & dancing Come join us! Details 800-582-2474 | 509-548-3000 Our Policies 500 Alpine Place Leavenworth WA 98826 info@alpenroseinn.com Site by 3Sherpas Keep up to date on specials and happenings at the Inn! Subscribe 