 #branding   Skip to content Welcome to 7 Gables Inn & Suites Accommodations Rooms Suites: Penthouses Suites: Two room suites Suites: Efficiencies Suites: Annex Cottages Amenities Book Your Stay Reservations and Policies About the Inn Contact Us Links & guest comments Directions Everything Else Breakfast Business Traveler Extras Cookbooks Employment FAQ Meeting room Fairbanks Attractions Summer Winter #access #header #header-full Welcome to 7 Gables Inn & Suites   7 Gables Inn & Suites Relax in comfortable surroundings Full suite with kitchen and living area Incredible suites welcome you Experience warmth and hospitality.  We have been welcoming guests to Fairbanks for 30 years.  Each unique room and suite has its own distinct personality, so you can choose the accommodation that best suits your needs.  Whether you are here for a special getaway or business, we have what you need to make your stay a memorable one. If you are looking for a great deal while you are traveling, want to splurge for a celebration, or just a convenient location, at 7 Gables you will find just the right match for your next vacation or visit to Fairbanks. Festival of Native Arts   Join in the annual celebration at the Davis Concert Hall, just up the hill from the Inn. starting tomorrow, Thursday, February 28, through Sunday, March 2, 2019. Watch one of the many groups of attendees as they participate in traditional cultural events. Take advantage of the great selection of … Continue reading Read more. Dancing Lights Enjoy a drive through the ice park.  “Dancing Lights” has been extended until the end of January, from 5-9.  No need to get out into the now normal cold –tune your radio and watch the lights dance while you view the displays.  Now playing–at the George Horner Ice park, west … Continue reading Read more. Go Winter! Expo This weekend–even if it doesn’t at all look like winter–visit the Carlson Center Saturday and Sunday to inform yourself about all things winter.  If snow machines aren’t your style, you will find vendors who will educate you on the latest and greatest heating systems, or activities to occupy those dark … Continue reading Read more. Christmas in Ice Throughout December you can make the easy drive south (yes!) to North Pole, Alaska (101 Saint Nicholas Drive to be exact) and view the ice sculpture, ride down the long ice slide, and get a taste of true northern art form:  small and large ice blocks carved into beautiful creations.  … Continue reading Read more. Welcome to 7 Gables Inn Continue reading Read more.   .entry-content #post-## Comments are closed #comments #content 7 Gables Inn & Suites 4312 Birch Lane Fairbanks, AK 99709 phone 907/479-0751 Fax 907/479-2229 email: gables7@alaska.net All About Alaska Geese, Tripods, and Green Grass–oh my! Today’s post began with spotting a beaver paddling downstream on a clear-of-ice Chena River.  Mind you, this is the second week in April:  we are approaching spring well over a month early.   I must tell you this is really not the norm. While some are still catching glimpses of the northern lights during the […] Daylight Dawn and Darkness   People in Fairbanks are all about aurora viewing, but experiencing daylight at five in the afternoon deserves some kind of celebration.  An excitement in the air, a sense of hope–even though it is still February I believe I felt the warm of the sunlight through the car windows while I was driving around town […] Did I Say Resilient? I could not resist this meme because I think it personifies the attitude that Alaskans have. It seems from our perspective up here that it is best to move on quickly–no matter what comes your way.  There simply is no time to retreat into self-pity.  We are survivors! My family to Alaska in 1964,  immediately […] #container #forbottom #main #colophon 7 Gables Inn & Suites 4312 Birch Lane, Fairbanks, AK 99709 phone 907/479-0751 e-mail: gables7@alaska.net Powered by Parabola & WordPress. #site-info #footer2 #footer #wrapper 