Home - Ardvorlich Guest House, Guest House in Elgin    01343 556064 Book Now    bookings@ardvorlich.com Ardvorlich Guest House Great Place to Stay! Home Our Rooms Book Online Location Our Gallery Reviews Find Us More   Get In Touch Great Place to Stay! Situated in the centre of Elgin, in the heart of Moray, the Ardvorlich Bed and Breakfast offers guests a relaxed and homely atmosphere in which to stay. Whether you are here for a holiday, or working in the area, you will find a warm welcome from Lynn (Ardvorlich's owner), and an excellent base from which to explore the many sights of this beautiful part of Scotland. With a selection of single, double &twin rooms, separate kitchen, and en-suite facilities, we can provide you with everything you need to make your stay as enjoyable as possible. To find out more simply browse through our site. You can make an enquiry by email or telephone, or use our booking facilities. Please make your booking directly through our website www.ardvorlich.com  rather than through a 3rd party website as we do not show all our availability on these sites. Many thanks. We also do special room only rates and offer discount for NHS staff as we are only a couple of minutes walk from Dr Grays Hospital. Location Our Facilities Credit card Free parking Parking facilities Golf Course Nearby City centre Ironing service Internet services Wifi Vegetarian Walking holidays More Info » “Beautiful house run by a lovely couple who made us very welcome. Rooms were exceptionally clean and breakfast was to die for!!” Anne H - “We thoroughly enjoyed our short stay here. Theowners were lovely, friendly hosts. Everything was spotless, bed very comfy and the breakfast served in a delightful room was plentiful and delicious. Everything was just right!” Marilyn M - Mature Couple Site Map Home Our Rooms Book Online Location Our Gallery Reviews Find Us Get In Touch Gallery View More » Address Ardvorlich Guest House 125 South Street West End Elgin Morayshire IV30 1JB 01343 556064 bookings@ardvorlich.com © Copyright 2019 - Hotel Website Powered by Queensborough Group Privacy Policy 